It is therefore a matter of concern that counter-terrorism legislation gives law enforcement and intelligence agencies exceptional powers to monitor and investigate terrorism without reference to justice.
Ms. Borzi Cornacchia (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur saw her future programme of work and whether she planned to include missions.
First, there is a need to increase the representation of the Government, particularly in the security institutions, and to step up efforts towards national unity and reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including warlords and the Taliban — benefit from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend that runs counter to the most fundamental principles of international humanitarian law and raises critical questions that are urgently needed.
The Committee requests the State party to widely disseminate its concluding observations at all levels of society, including among State officials and members of the judiciary, and to inform the Committee in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement those observations.
Should additional funds be made available for programmes in Africa, the resources proposed for the region in the programme budget would increase, as suggested in the high assumption.
Adoption of the report on credentials
6 See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, under the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, one P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the Web site Section to strengthen the language capacity of the site.
Organizational structure
A new gender analysis guide will be released in 2003.
The statistics given (see responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) seem to show that the impact has been to reduce women's access to unemployment benefits.
In this context, emphasis should be placed on the special needs of the least developed countries, as their participation in global trade remains marginal and, to date, none of them has become a member of the World Trade Organization.
Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq is affecting our Governments.
There is a priority commitment for us, as in Iraq.
As a result, my country believes that the draft resolution is an effective means of strengthening pressure on Iraq to comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
The attempt is thus made to confuse things.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, acting upon a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Development and transfer of technology” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The proposed legislative reforms, inter alia, require technical assistance, including for the acquisition of equipment necessary to enhance security at ports of entry and the training of personnel, particularly in the area of the detection of false travel documents.
Noting the efforts of the Governments of some Territories to meet the highest standards of financial supervision,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
In considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/114, which contains the guidelines for the application by the Sub-Commission of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other relevant decisions and practices.
The evaluation of the level of girls' education in the Horn of Africa and East Africa has identified the causes of the problem, which have already been identified elsewhere: the extent of household tasks and the financial sacrifice of girls' education to the family are the main social factors preventing them from receiving equal education with boys; and the lack of textbooks is added.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly is beginning as we respond to the Secretary-General's call for reflection on the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, there are still a number of actions to be taken to ensure that future generations find us positively.
In this period of economic hardship, the Government spent over $5 million last year on services designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
OPINION No.
The original judgement was rendered in favour of the applicants, but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently reversed the judgement.
The Government also claims that these persons were arrested for conspiracy with enemy forces to overthrow the legal Government.
Mr. Yawowi Agboyibo, a lawyer, former parliamentarians, Chairman of the Action for Renewal (CAR), a political party, was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to six months' imprisonment and imprisoned at the Lomé Civil Prison, despite his appeal.
The Working Group, having rendered this opinion, requests the Government to adopt the necessary measures to remedy the situation, in accordance with the standards and principles set forth in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
First of all, the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves should be met through appropriate formulas and timetables to carry out their respective decolonization processes.
The resolution of this outstanding issue will only strengthen confidence.
These historic initiatives help to better understand the needs and aspirations of peoples under colonial domination by giving them the necessary radiation in a highly competitive globalized economy.
Only the United Nations has a legitimate mandate under its Charter and has legal and political authority and international legitimacy to meet the greatest challenges to international peace and security.
Therefore, the United Nations must not only continue its tasks in Iraq but also expand them and provide stronger support to the Iraqi people.
UNAIDS is currently funding a post of HIV/AIDS adviser at the headquarters of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to coordinate the comprehensive strategy and initiatives to facilitate work in field missions.
Pursuant to article 5, paragraph 3, of its substantive statute, the organization, on the proposal of its general coordinator and in prior consultation with the Executive Board, has effectively excluded Ms. Bonavita, regardless of her status in the organization, for violating the rules of procedure of the Council, disrupting the work of the Commission on Human Rights and failing to respect the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement shall, under Article 3, carry out its activities through:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the law on the National Human Rights Commission of Mongolia.
While, in the view of some members of the Working Group, this provision should not necessarily be included in the insolvency law and could be left to ordinary law, it was observed that it was closely related to recommendation 70 and should, for reasons of clarity and certainty, be included in the insolvency law.
After discussion, some support was expressed for the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also a party to numerous international treaties on corruption, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes of Money-Laundering related to Illicit Drug Trafficking and Related Crime, and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of providing the United Nations system with a management school was the feeling that there had become a need to improve the coherence and efficiency of the international civil service.
(c) Whether or not, given the nature of the activity, it is desirable to grant subcontractors exclusive rights;
In both cases, market leader positions cannot be considered automatically acquired.
Yet, the United Nations business portfolio consists of high-value-added products, which have few equivalent in the world.
Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/Financial Rules/Rev.2/Amend.2), 12 February 1980.
In 2002, the executive board reviewed the structure and composition of the secretariat, which had not been adequately staffed.
Because these three documents are not part of the Group's sessional documentation, they may not be ready in time for the session, but will be available on the UNCTAD website, like all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessional periods 45 20
The three options are not mutually exclusive.
However, when these occur, the Republic of Haiti is keen to take action on them.
This system has proved its effectiveness in its most visible part, namely, the electronic presentation of exhibits in the court.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also undermines the principle of default referral established by the Rome Statute as to which organ — the Court or the Council — has the power to deal first with individual criminal cases involving officials or personnel present or past from a State not party to the Rome Statute with respect to acts or omissions occurring during an established or authorized United Nations operation.
It is also the reasoning that the Secretary-General followed before the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
In particular, the International Criminal Court, of which 90 States have so far become parties, has become a reality, given the election this year of its 18 judges and Prosecutor and the very forthcoming appointment of its Registrar.
Although the Eldoret Declaration was signed by all the factions involved in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, the majority of these factions continued to combat and import or receive arms.
The first recipient of weapons and ammunition from the Government of Ethiopia who was identified was Ali Mahdi.
According to British Customs officials in Nairobi and London, heroin is being smuggled into Somalia by vessels from South Asia to be transported to Africa and West.
Singapore
The political turbulence that marked its first year of power has completely destroyed the country in material terms.
The legislation in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and establish an effective system of protection so that United Nations and associated personnel can carry out their security missions.
Although it began its work only less than two years ago, it has already achieved tangible results.
The Friends of the fish consider that fisheries subsidies are detrimental to the environment and cause depletion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
In particular, it has served as a framework for developing common language for United Nations staff on the prevention of armed conflict through interaction and exchange of experience.
The actuary was also responsible for providing alternative funding for future after-service health insurance liabilities.
The management service contracts between UNDP and various donors were all implemented by the Office of Project Services (UNOPS).
Table 7
Table 8 provides a summary of the reserve accounts for field offices and accommodation.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of the 16 indictees for the culture of marijuana were women.
The Church is probably the most influential institution in Samoa's society.
In practice, the police have placed a woman police officer in situations where a victim of domestic violence or sexual abuse is being questioned.
The Overseas Financial Centre is headed by a Legal Officer and its staff include another Legal Officer.
Teenage pregnancies continue to be particularly prominent in rural areas, and there is generally concerted efforts to marry the girl child as soon as possible in fear that the situation may not recur, which would result in the punishment of the family involved by the village council, usually the girl child.
NGO - Non-Governmental Organization
Every effort should be made to relaunch this process without delay, while at all costs preserving the standard established 30 years ago and still relevant to biological weapons.
This legislation is of great importance to Armenia, as it creates an adequate legislative basis for the future strengthening of the country's export control system, one of the key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance are of particular importance to our time and an absolute imperative in building a world that will ensure the development of nations in universal harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation by Belgrade to the Mission to join in the search for a solution to the practical issues related to the opening of two new border crossing points in the part of Kosovo along the border of Serbia and Montenegro and Macedonia.
Therefore, the United Kingdom fully supports the “standards before status” policy.
I join the members of the Council in thanking Mr. Annabi for his briefing and for the information he has provided.
India will, if necessary, provide further details of its comments and will also participate in discussions to resolve the issues raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 269th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) as Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla (Cuba) and Mr. Ravan A. G. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) as Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta) as Rapporteur.
These included the further upgrading of the technical components of the system to ensure its continued presence on the Internet, including through the UNISPAL “Question of Palestine” interface on the United Nations home page under “Peace and security”, and the enhancement of its collection by adding new and old documents.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
But before giving them the floor, I would like to make some opening remarks as Japan takes the Chair of the Conference.
The Committee for Development Policy expected to take stock of the issue at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General will address this matter in a report to be submitted shortly to the General Assembly.
Ms. Gabr said that she would like to know more about France's vision for the future with regard to special measures.
The report covers the period since the submission of the first report of ISAF III, as well as the final assessment of ISAF III prior to the transfer of command to ISAF IV.
Comment.
(iii) The decision of the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not subject to appeal.
(6) The idea that a unilateral act is based in principle on a single State seems, prima facie, to be clear.
Mr. Raychev (Bulgaria): Like previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the delegations of the United States and the United Kingdom for their comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
Therefore, combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought through sustainable development policies is a major global challenge.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has so far focused on the legalization of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 It is expected that the objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat units located at the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support to the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and cooperate fully in the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive drug control strategy based on close cooperation between the parties concerned and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between the Guatemalan authorities and the Mexican authorities were defined in the Mexico-Guatemala Border Security Plan.
The countries of the region were studying all the implications of such a creation.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), noting that Armenia stated that it had implemented all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, asked what the Council's main demand was for the immediate and unconditional withdrawal of the armed forces of Armenia from the territory of azeri territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I called on the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and full implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the United Nations Information and Communication Technologies Task Force, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The determined commitment of the self-governing authorities in Kosovo is crucial to breaking the power of this crime, and it is through concrete results that we judge their ability to exercise the powers transferred to them.
If the situation is evolving towards a return to peace, UNRWA will face the demands of a transition from conflict to recovery and development, and will therefore launch a special appeal similar to that launched by UNRWA for its Peace Implementation Programme following the signing of the Oslo Accords.
(ii) A decrease of $300,000 in requirements for maintenance of premises owing to the non-replacement of the 2002-2003 budget;
1.79 Allocate health policy and service delivery standards to those of host authorities in order to maximize the use of resources and avoid duplication and priority conflicts.
Prevention and control of diseases
1.141 Increase in the rate of use of computers and automation of office automation.
Table 15 Operational and technical services: resource requirements by expenditure category
Improvement of the status of women in rural areas
- Retain the word “technical” after the word “support” in the first line and insert the word “and” before the word “technical”, to read “technical and effective”.
(d) To ensure that the different institutional actors take due account of the values of public service, in particular with regard to honesty of behaviour, sound management of resources, transparency of decisions, evaluation, accountability and commitment to providing services to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed by paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002);
Any initiative for indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
The canons have gone, and we are now seeking to put Côte d'Ivoire at work and to resume our activities, as in the past, together with all the countries neighbouring the subregion.
This would result in a significant increase in the credibility of the United Nations.
The Export Authority is requested, before validating a certificate, to require the exporter to submit a declaration that the exported rough diamonds are not conflict diamonds.
Other progress mentioned are:
(c) To examine the extent to which the recommendation of the United Nations Board of Auditors that the Registrar endeavour to reduce costs by appointing counsel residing in the vicinity of the seat of the Tribunal may be followed, taking into account the international character of the Tribunal, and make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the problem of late disclosure of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the weapons collection programme had experienced delays, and the process of weapons destruction was slowing.
It was also stated that the distinction between contractual and actual aspects in this regard was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the Committee's decision at its first session, a pre-sessional working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the views of the child
(f) To devote more resources, both financial and human, to specialized education, including vocational training and assistance to families of children with disabilities;
(a) To develop a set of measures to make children and parents aware of the implementation of the provisions of the Convention (including initiatives to reach those who are illiterate or have not benefited from formal education), civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including Shebiyya;
(d) Continuing difficulties in raising parents' awareness of their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective mechanisms for the periodic review of the treatment of the child and any other circumstances relating to his or her placement.
The question was, therefore, what approach was taken to strengthen and improve the elements of the enjoyment of human rights and its control relating to persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia addressed a letter to the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, denouncing the decision as “unlawful, unjust and irresponsible”, and rejecting the demarcation process.
Review of the progress made in the implementation of the Convention
Figure 10.
Reform of the United Nations as such should not be our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics prepared by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344) that technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the most commonly requested form of assistance.
I hope you will approve today the updated aide-mémoire as a tool to reflect the evolving protection priorities and that it will be useful for the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the protection needs and rights of civilians are reflected in the relevant resolutions and mandates of the Security Council.
In this regard, I would like to mention the very important resolution 1502 (2003) submitted by Mexico and adopted by the Council during the Syrian presidency of the Council in August on the protection of United Nations, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict zones.
Civilian populations must not be taken hostage by warring factions trying to deprive them of humanitarian access.
The Board's recommendations are verified by the Fund secretariat as to their compliance with the relevant United Nations rules and then submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken at the fourth session of the Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization on the review, through the Council on Trade-related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, of the links between the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights and the Convention on Biological Diversity and the protection of traditional knowledge;
Stressing the importance of effective action by the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission on issues of impunity and accountability and the promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council has repeatedly emphasized the importance it attaches to the smooth conduct of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Giraldo (Colombia), Mr. Vassilakis (Greece), Mr. Gopinathan (India), Mr. Zarif (Islamic Republic of Iran), Mr. Haraguchi (Japan), Mr. Kazykhanov (Kazakhstan), Mr. McIvor (New Zealand), Mr. Kolby (Norway), Mr.
At the outset, I would like to highlight three points concerning the drug situation in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for its generous and continuing role in leading the fight against drugs.
States cannot act in isolation against this problem.
(d) Effective risk management and internal control systems; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to speed up extradition proceedings and to simplify the evidentiary requirements relating to the offences to which this article applies.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, whereabouts or whereabouts of other persons concerned;
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that this article is not intended to require the prosecution of minor offences.
The requested State Party should consider discontinuing the request for a final judgement in cases where such a judgement cannot be obtained as a result of death, escape or absence or in other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit adopted a policy developed with the support of the Office of Programme Funding, which addressed the systematic review of the country office oversight mechanisms relating to fund-raising, the management of other resources contributions and the preparation of donor reports on the use of funds.
Each centre organizes three to five training courses per year, in collaboration with national authorities, various organizations and programmes of the United Nations system (including UN-Habitat, UNDP, UNEP, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank Institute and the Global Compact Office), international elected representatives' associations (such as the Inter-Parliamentary Union, the World Association of Local Authorities, the Latin American Federation of Cities and Municipalities, the International Federation of Municipalities).
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to state that the principle of self-determination has been maintained as a basic principle for negotiations.
“(f) The status of anti-personnel mines destruction programmes referred to in articles 4 and 5, including details of the methods to be used for destruction, the location of all places of destruction and the safety and protection of the environment.”
The Internet address is http://disarmament.un.org/MineBan.nsf.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “External debt crisis and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
Between September 2000 and April 2003, at least 12,737 Palestinians were demolished by the Israeli military forces, which invaded the cities with the support of tanks, armoured vehicles and helicopters, and destroyed homes with explosives while their inhabitants were still in their homes.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore absolutely essential in this struggle.
On the latter point, I will go into detail.
I thank you, Madam President, for convening this meeting, and I also thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), for his very comprehensive report and for his concrete proposals to improve the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) and the continued emphasis on the threat posed by Al-Qaida.
Lastly, she said that she would ensure that the Secretariat took into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain regarding the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (Programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications arising from the report of the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have provided examples of other official statistics producers, who develop and publish statistics in their own area of activity.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remained firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and the agreements reached at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences and called for the speedy and full implementation of the 13 practical steps agreed to at the 2000 Review Conference.
ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians of the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after the cessation of active hostilities, a time when civilian casualties are often high.
Chairperson's summary
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it had intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring the universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the consideration of human rights issues, as affirmed in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993,
The regrettable Depayin incident on 30 May 2003 influenced many conclusions of the interim report of the Special Rapporteur (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the emergency situation resulting from prolonged drought and the effects of long conflict.
Nepal therefore urged the High Commissioner to give further consideration to this issue.
CONTENTS (continued)
Rule 11
Article 3
When the debate is limited and a member or representative exceeds the time allotted, the Chairman shall call him or her to order without delay.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Rule 87
Rule 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
Reports, formal decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention shall be distributed by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and to interested States parties and, as decided by the Committee, to members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested recipients.
States Parties shall submit to the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on the measures they have taken to give effect to their commitments under this Convention within one year of the entry into force of the Convention for the State party concerned.
In carrying out their mandates, the rapporteurs may, with the consent of the Committee, undertake the necessary visits to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of his or her functions, the Chairperson shall remain under the authority of the Committee.
Rule 71
The systematic violence in the Mambasa-Komanda area was perpetrated during three different periods:
Towards 12 October, LAC soldiers entered the witness's house in Mambasa.
All respondents confirmed that there have been a large number of cases of rape of girls, some of whom were barely 10 years old.
It is on the basis of the Team's report that a new trial was opened against 27 suspects from the armed forces of CAL.
Global road safety crisis
Once the designation is established, this entity is subject to a set of sanctions prescribed under the Terrorism Suppression Act.
A working group of experts, including representatives from various countries and organizations in the Pacific and assisted by two writers (New Zealand and Australia), is currently drafting model provisions.
Expedited procedure for the review of reinstatement of eligibility to benefit from mechanisms
Their role should be clarified and their authority and responsibilities better defined.
Of the $42.8 million for the year ended 30 June 2002, only $28.4 million, or 66 per cent, had been disbursed at the end of the biennium.
OIOS recommended that the Office urgently establish appropriate mechanisms to address the increased number of applications received through the Galaxy system; promote mobility by ensuring improved conditions of service at various duty stations and the streamlining of administrative procedures; ensure that the e-PAS is linked to a system of tangible rewards and staff input to the implementation of organizational objectives; and ensure that the electronic system is aligned with the management of staff with the various organizational objectives.
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors conduct an evaluation of the professional capacity and skills required for the Office of Internal Oversight Services for internal audit of the administrative and investment activities of the Fund, in accordance with generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pension funds, and report thereon to the Board at its next audit for the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Investigation of the misuse of an office computer
Financial institutions are required to report any suspicious commercial transactions on a regular basis and to closely monitor any irregularities.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has considered the report carefully with the assistance of its experts and has written to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments.
This offence is committed by any person who intentionally organizes or facilitates the entry into the national territory of any person whom he or she knows or has reasonable grounds to assume, is a clandestine immigrant or intends to seek asylum.
The number of women in positions of official representatives at the national and local levels, as well as the level of participation of women, are shown in the preceding tables.
- The establishment of formal committees in institutions to assess and report on the situation of female academics.
13.3 The Government is committed to providing as wide a contributory pension as possible to as many different categories as possible, and is aware that persons who cease any work to assume family responsibilities may be disadvantaged in terms of social security.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Family Violence Act), which, inter alia, deals with restraining orders and protection orders and gives the Garda broad powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The forthcoming revision of the Charter will highlight the possibility of formally denying access to information services.
Stressing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, Newcolonialism, aggression, occupation and foreign domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is indispensable for the full enjoyment by men and women of their rights,
Rule 12
States Parties shall accord to men and women the same rights with regard to the law on the right of persons to freedom of movement and to choose their residence and domicile.
Workshops
It could also request Working Group I to cooperate closely with Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on aspects of procurement law relating to electronic commerce.
- Request for information under article 44 (1) of the Banking Act relating to the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against institutions in the United States (Rundschreiben_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Committee decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have affected GDP growth in the region, the uncertainty they have created has led to the loss of most of the region's fellowships, where the general trend in 2002 has been declining with some minor occasional occasions.
Such plans include improved forecasting, early warning systems and continuous communication between disaster-prone areas or communities and authorities.
UNESCO, ICSU and several affiliated organizations will promote biodiversity conservation activities in which remote sensing and GIS will be prominent.
Thematic discussions on the items were held, and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights on the prohibition of forced eviction,
Welcomes the continuing use by the Representative of the Secretary-General of the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement in his dialogue with Governments, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations and other relevant actors, and requests him to continue his efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on preparing for its deployment inside the country.
The remuneration of the other two judges is provided in the proposed budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Trial Section 1
The elections will be triennial, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No.
Bangladesh is largely governed by the civil and criminal procedure codes established during the United Kingdom regime.
It has published and disseminated throughout the country fascicles explaining the procedure to be followed and the need for birth and marriage registration in order to raise public awareness and to obtain active cooperation.
Response to Recommendation 460: In its development plans, the Government has taken a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the changing nature of requests for assistance as well as the growing need for certain types of specialized medium-term assistance to support and strengthen the capacity already available to the Government of the requesting country, in particular the capacity of national electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age for marriage was the same for men and women and whether it was at least 18 years of age.
UNDP intends to provide greater support to the national reconciliation process, social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of his report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257), and stressed that globalization did not give due consideration to the human dimension, the interdependence of economies did not take into account the right to employment.
His country continued to seek to improve cooperation with the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/....
At the close of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of the 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration provided for in article 14, paragraph 1.
Concluding observations
However, the periodic report refers in particular to the measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts where the Greek and Macedonian minorities are traditionally concentrated.
They claim that Denmark has violated article 2, paragraph 1 (d), and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
In support of this claim, the complainant alleges that, according to a decision of the Eastern High Court of 5 February 1999, an incident of racial discrimination does not in itself constitute a violation of the honour and reputation of a person under article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“Mr.
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno, Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and to Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted in the context of the proposed programme budget in the future.
A general and brief description of the activity will be provided in section B.3.1, with information on, for example, the effects of GHGs and the type and importance of the technology used (e.g., installed capacity, production).
Environmental, economic and socio-cultural impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica had joined in sponsoring draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above) could significantly address this problem.
Developing countries must be provided with the means to implement, in the form of new and additional financial resources, concessional technology transfer and capacity-building.
The third World Water Forum, held in Japan, developed a plan of action to identify a number of projects worldwide and to establish a network of web sites to accelerate water activities.
(See the annex to the present document for a breakdown of expenditures for these activities.
24.61 The amount of $2,995,200, reflecting an increase of $465,700, will provide for: (a) the continuation of 10 posts (4 Professional, 6 General Service (Other level)); (b) the delayed impact of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) established during the biennium 2002-2003; and (c) non-post requirements for the functioning of the Office.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system, as well as its unique capacity and practical experience in coordinating assistance in conflict and post-conflict situations, inter alia, in the protection of and respect for human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $458,000
Division
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, the final recommendations without a vote.
Rule 103 provides that elections shall be held by secret ballot unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of an election to a post subject to only one candidate.
(ii) One representative from an Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study, mitigate and minimize the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to it, at its fifty-eighth session, a report on the status and implementation of the Agreement for the Implementation of the Provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982 relating to the Conservation and Management of Straddling Fish Stocks and Highly Migratory Fish Stocks, and related instruments and the implications of its entry into force.
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under the items entitled “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the item every two years beginning at its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects3
World Solidarity Fund
Promotion of youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the further progress made in the work of the United Nations system on behalf of children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake a comprehensive assessment of the scope and effectiveness of the measures taken by the United Nations system, including recommendations to strengthen, scale up, integrate and continue such activities, and to submit its findings to the Assembly at its fifty-seventh session.
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility for the results and relevance of the General Assembly and other organs of the United Nations is the responsibility of Member States alone, and no reform can remedy this, as long as those in a position to decide seem determined to hamper the work that we are all supposed to have.
The Millennium Declaration, as well as the Monterrey conferences on financing for development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development, have given rise to great hope in the international community, particularly in the developing world, to see finally a stable, just and inclusive socio-economic order.
That goal can be achieved only through a multilateral and comprehensive approach and through the development of transparent strategies that would enable us to free the world of nuclear weapons.
- Sports competition for different types of national sports, support for schools, sections and sports circles for children and young people and acquisition of sports materials.
The outreach programme for Latin America and the Caribbean, which responds to the needs of particularly endangered poor communities, continued to focus on developing innovative information and education tools and forging partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy secretariat acting as Secretary.
Barriers to market access, including price increases and inflation, restrict developing country exports.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2001.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of the laws, regulations and/or procedures, which in your country enables the control of transfers of such funds or assets to the persons and entities identified, including:
It is also necessary for the Council to strengthen the political framework of the peace process — in a word, to re-energize the momentum of this peace process, which has, of course, progressed, as I said at the moment, but needs to be put back on track.
We believe that what is important to someone becomes equally urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of an Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, in which Brazil participates.
We will recall the Security Council meeting of 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region in the maintenance of peace and security, which culminated in the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy Executive Director United Nations Children's Fund
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “the Council has placed on Iraq the burden of fulfilling its obligations and disarming itself, not on the inspectors, of finding what Iraq has tried to conceal for so long.
It is normal that there is a wide range of information related to the organization and administration of these sites and not linked to the mandate of the inspection teams or to weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
Another constraint is the uneven situation with regard to potential counterparts, given the lack of skills that Timorese society inherited.
The majority of East Timorese continue to engage in subsistence agriculture with extremely basic means of production.
While our bilateral relations are flourishing at all levels, we urge the international community and the United Nations to support this process.
First, many observations were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Court of Appeal should therefore be sworn in later this week.
(b) The project database is divided into two sections - United Nations projects and projects of non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; it contains project descriptions and funding requirements;
(e) 1.17 “Performing party” means a person other than the carrier that performs materially [or undertakes to perform] [or does not perform any or all] of any of the obligations of the carrier under a contract of carriage for the purposes identified for the carriage, handling, custody or storage of the goods, to the extent that it acts, directly or indirectly, at the request of the carrier or under the supervision or control of the carrier.
The order of the definitions was modified in accordance with that suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of adding paragraph 1 bis to variant C, which would read “1 bis.
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is being implemented by more than one third of Member States, including some high-income countries, to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of contaminated needles.
Most police information systems that have registries under the Schengen Convention operate as a national database accessible through the Internet and are either fully operational or in the testing phase.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces at the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a donation agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist infected and affected people.
Like most countries in the region, Zimbabwe is largely dependent on donor support for its HIV/AIDS programmes, but this support has declined since 1999.
Therefore, the President of the Republic has enacted a law that defines the responsibility of the Chilean State for the prevention of AIDS and sets out the objective of promoting prevention and non-discrimination against persons living with HIV/AIDS.
Venezuela had benefited in recent years from the development of cooperation with UNIDO in areas such as mercury pollution control, agro-industries and timber industry, investment promotion, export and technology.
The practical implementation of projects under this overarching framework requires a determined effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that these financial implications, of €447,836, be included in the programme budget for 2004 under Major Programme 4, Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to guarantee to any person brought before a court or court under their jurisdiction the right to be present to his or her trial and to defend himself or herself or to have the assistance of a lawyer of his or her choice;
In 2001, a Ministry for Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, was established.
Given the contribution of women in the economic and social sector, policies should be adopted as soon as possible to address the social, economic and cultural problems they face.
The International Organization for Migration (IMO) has made trafficking one of its priorities and collaborates with various United Nations bodies and agencies in this area.
Pakistan welcomes the progress already made in this regard and calls for the implementation, in this regard, of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Basic Radiation Protection Standards procedures in the context of these principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) expressed disappointment at the outcome of the recent Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) held at Cancun, and regretted the lack of agreement on tariff cuts and agricultural subsidies, which would have generated US$ 500 billion in income for rich and poor countries and helped to lift some 144 million people out of poverty by 2015.
If nothing is done to address it, the injustice of economic globalization will overshadow the problems of the third world on the first, and poverty, terrorism and disease will also become global.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya had proposed to overcome problems that impeded its development, both in urban and rural areas and in the desert, but its task was complicated by the presence of mines on its territory.
The tragic plight of the Aral Sea is an example of the problems that arise.
Mr. Bueser (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly for the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action was a milestone on the way to the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hopes that international protection of the rights of migrant workers, particularly migrant workers, who are the most vulnerable to discrimination will be assured.
In order to provide a fair and rational way to know what can reasonably be presumed in relation to a description of the goods provided by the shipper, the instrument should be modified as proposed in paragraphs 153 and 154 of the commentary.
They often rely on assistance from other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence allowance for non-United Nations activities
(Cancelled)
Rule 207.18
(iv) Where the educational institution is too remote to allow a daily visit to the area where the staff member is stationed and, in the opinion of the Secretary-General, the amount of the grant shall be calculated at the same rates as those specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
His delegation could not support the proposal to consolidate the accounts of peacekeeping operations, which was incompatible with the current financial regulations and rules, and could reduce the oversight that the General Assembly could exercise on each mission.
She would like the Secretariat to indicate what it had done to recruit local staff for the Force in accordance with the relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO has participated in 66 mangrove projects in 35 countries.
Group 1
(d) It is important to review the implementation of past projects (outcome, possible follow-up, etc.) and to disseminate lessons learned.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraphs 26 and 27 above, the amount of 20,051,150 dollars, consisting of:
During the reporting period, a new Government was installed in Afghanistan, with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these obstacles is the common concern and much more active engagement is expected on the part of the international community.
This expansion of the work programme makes it difficult for UNCITRAL to coordinate with the parallel initiatives of various organizations in areas such as electronic commerce, dispute settlement, insolvency, transport law, security rights and privately financed infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supported further work on the two draft anti-terrorism conventions, which should be completed expeditiously.
The roster provides the following information:
Monitoring the implementation of this resolution must be conducted in a climate of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the submission of the second periodic report of Venezuela, due in August 1996, which was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) To adopt measures to improve the physical conditions of detention in prisons and to prevent both violence between co-detainees and the use of violence against prisoners by prison personnel.
2.4 At the same time, the Ljubo Radovic police officer was travelling to the Bozova Glaica district to tell his Roma inhabitants that they had to leave immediately.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to provide reparation and compensation to victims of an act within the meaning of that provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that at no time did the complainant give details of the torture he allegedly suffered.
He claims that his forcible return to Sri Lanka would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has ascertained, as required under article 22, paragraph 5 (a), of the Convention, that the same matter has not been and is not being examined under another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
2.2 Upon his arrest, the Spanish authorities first requested his extradition, but the request was subsequently withdrawn due to an error on the person.
(b) The contentious statement must be an essential part of the prosecution against the author of the communication;
5.4 In relation to the evidence to support the allegations that Mr. Azurmendi made his statements under torture, the complainant refers to a CPT report on the specific period during which the contentious statements took place and that:
The complainant's grandfather is the mother of Abdullah Öcalan.
1.3 By a note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its observations on the admissibility and merits of the complaint, and also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures, in accordance with rule 108, paragraph 7, of its rules of procedure.
By granting extradition to Spain, the Federal Office of Justice had accepted de facto evidence obtained through torture.
b There is no further clarification of these problems.
a Number of responding countries: 65.
In the meantime, it would be coincidental that too much could happen in this area, as there might be contradictions and inconsistencies with the various private international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
The framework for peacekeeping and the settlement of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, would, unfortunately, justify this change of attitude.
Observer status for the East African Community in the General Assembly (A/58/232 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division works closely with UNDP in the areas of indicator compilation and analysis, compliance with agreed definitions and standards and data requirements.
The first research has already produced strong results and produced specific proposals for research and development.
i.
Emphasizes the essential role that political leaders and political parties can and should play in strengthening democracy by combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2003/L.11/Add.4
Relevance means the extent to which an activity is consistent with or is consistent with national objectives.
Therefore, they will have the most to gain if the objectives are achieved, but they will also be the most disadvantaged if their interests are not taken into account at the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Board Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with ongoing political and legislative processes and new institutional arrangements in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint venture formed by the Kanak-controlled Société Minière du Sud-Pacific (SSP), and the Canadian company Falconbridge for the construction of a smelter in the North Province to process nickel from the Koniambo Mountains.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand dropped by 34 per cent and the number from Japan by 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea stated, inter alia, that if the goodwill of all concerned were to be ascertained, the question of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should be pursued.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would take approximately four weeks from the date on which a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by the aerial bombings in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action taken
In particular, the Working Group provided a detailed analytical commentary to the draft, which the Commission published as a working paper of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/SDTE/TLB/4).
The estimated requirements for civilian personnel for the 2003/04 period for 256 international staff, 282 national staff and 88 United Nations Volunteers amount to $28,314,900, reflecting a decrease of $4,938,300, or 14.9 per cent, compared to the apportionment for the period 2002/03.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing under the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance for the major diamond producing, selling or trading countries of participating in the Kimberley Process self-regulatory system,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
Thus, in the final analysis, the new proposals, although seemingly challenging, appear not only in practice to be unworkable owing to the level of coordination required, the wide range of actors that would necessarily be involved and the long duration of the reporting cycle, but may lead not to simplification of processes but to their complication by adding a new level of work, thus increasing the task of recipient countries and other actors.
It cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the bodies, sharing comments and observations at the request of various United Nations agencies, organizing conferences and seminars, publishing books and brochures on selected issues considered by the United Nations system and conducting outreach efforts.
Table 1 provides a comparison of the estimated requirements for the biennium 2004-2005 (at 2004-2005 rates), the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 57/293 of 20 December 2002 and the actual expenditures and income for the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report be produced, on an experimental basis, in time for submission to the General Assembly during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
One D-2, Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.).
Travel requirements for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,170,300 (before recosting), an increase of $74,800 over the appropriation for 2002-2003.
Section 26 Palestine refugees
In the future, the distribution of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and between the regular budget and extrabudgetary resources should be explained either in the programme narratives or in the supplementary guidance.
The procurement of firearms and explosives in the parallel market must be reported to the Prosecutor's Office, the head of violation of the Federal Firearms and Explosives Act, and punishable by imprisonment and fine, as well as confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Conspiration
The Committee also notes with appreciation the detailed written replies submitted by the State party to its list of issues (E/C.12/Q/ICE/2).
(l) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic in small arms and collecting them (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and the measures to enhance international cooperation to counter the world drug problem adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 12.
Additional information on UNCITRAL seminars was requested at both sessions.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author claims that his son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, because on the day of arrest and on other occasions before his trial he suffered serious ill-treatment and inhuman conditions in which he is detained.
3.1 The author claims that the continued existence of the Czech authorities, including the Czech Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that Act No. 143/1947 is a special discriminatory law and that it is as such null and void, constitutes a continuing arbitrary, discriminatory and unconstitutional violation of the author's right to the enjoyment of his inheritance and property, including his right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author further claims that there has been a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, in the sense that a violation of article 14, paragraphs 1 and 3, of the same article, which has the effect of depriving an accused of due process, also constitutes a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 With regard to the issue of exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the State party's arguments that initially claimed that the author's dispute was outside the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second instance, that under the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, an appeal could now be lodged with the courts.
The State party submits that the author's allegations are contradictory.
The Committee's reasoning in this decision was based on an interpretation of the Covenant that article 6, paragraph 1, was read in conjunction with article 6, paragraph 2, which does not prohibit the imposition of the death penalty for the most serious crimes.
On the same day, the author's counsel also filed an application for judicial review, which was rejected by the President of the Criminal Chamber of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Consequently, the author has failed to exhaust domestic remedies and this part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author claims that his rights were violated, as he was arrested and charged without any evidence of involvement in a criminal activity and was brutalized by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his statement of appeal, the author requested a review of the evaluation of the evidence that he considered to be distorted.
With regard to the applicability of the statute of limitations, both with regard to his application to the Constitutional Court and the criminal proceedings instituted, the author states that in both cases it was impossible under the anti-constitutional military regime at the time to prosecute the torturers of political dissidents within the prescribed time limit.
In view of the fact that the State party has not made a false claim, and has not provided any other relevant information on the manner in which capital punishment is being carried out, due weight must be given to the author's allegation.
4.16 Secondly, the State party submits that the author has failed to demonstrate how the actions of the public were interference with his family life.
6.2 With regard to the excessive length of the period prior to the trial, the Committee observes that the dates for determining, in the present case, the length of the delay occurred on the dates of the author's arrest and trial and not on the dates given by the author, namely the date of the alleged crime, the date of the murder, and the date of the commencement of the trial.
It is not required to use only the material before the original case and may take into account the material not known when the original decision was made.
It also considers that the State party is wrong to assert that it would not have been entitled to a pension under article 13 of the law on allowances for ex-combatants, and argues that none of the two bodies dealing with its claim has raised doubts as to its ability to meet the criteria set out in the various paragraphs of article 13.
5.2 As to the Committee's ratione temporis jurisdiction, the author considers that he and his family are the victims of a continuous violation of article 7, as they still ignore the whereabouts of the individual concerned.
Witnesses:
It submits that the Peruvian judges could have declared the unconstitutionality of this text if they had been seized with a complaint that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, this period does not begin on the basis of the notice of the judgement, but on the basis of the last notice.
The International Organization for Migration also assists in the voluntary return of detainees to those areas.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed its consideration of the application for trial.
The authors invoke the decision of HREC to the extent that it contains an assessment of the facts of the case, which reinforces their argument that the Commissioner made an erroneous decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to cancel the decisions of the Qualification Committees and to return them to the police.
The authors sued in the cases of Tamnes, Aturunden 1997 and Korssjofjell and the authors' requests for expropriation in the last two cases are pending, but they did not make an application for expropriation in the first of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner were relayed by the Western Fjord District Court, which found, in reference to the Supreme Court's judgement in the Valdimar case, that article 7, paragraph 2, of the Fisheries Management Act ran counter to articles 65 (right to equality) and 75 (employment ban) of the Constitution.
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, noted that such prohibitions “are fully compatible with the right to freedom of expression as provided in article 19, the exercise of which entails special responsibilities and duties”.
He immediately informed the judge that he intended to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that, mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be applied in the present case.
3.3 The author claims to have exhausted domestic remedies and states that the case has not been submitted to another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
In addition, the State Council emphasizes that a dual appeal may be lodged with the Permanent Representative or the Judicial College at first instance, and subsequently before the State Council on appeal, and that such proceedings may order an investigation.
Thus, by order of the Minister of the Interior of 16 March 2001, the author's 13-month military service was recognized as seniority during his promotion at the sixth step of the body of the main attachés of the prefecture.
In addition, the amount that the State was sentenced to pay for procedural costs was paid.
Canada, chapter XII, annual report A/48/40/ Vol. II.
6 See Caballero Delgado and Santana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (Annual report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/Ser.L/V III.33 Doc.4); id.
The State party refers to similar observations made by the State party in Pauger v. Austria (communication No. 415/1990), Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
France), decision of 3 April 1989.
Meetings
While some of the incumbents have actively opposed the new appointments, the Government's will is gradually needed.
Security is therefore of crucial importance, both in terms of the security of electoral personnel and the freedom to participate freely in the elections.
However, the Judicial Reform Commission has made progress in the areas of infrastructure rehabilitation and training.
The situation of women remains poor.
Recalls Economic and Social Council decision 2001/36 of 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, indigenous peoples' organizations, the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues and all existing mechanisms, procedures and programmes within the United Nations system, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, in paragraph 8 of its resolution 2000/22 as soon as possible, and in any case before the substantive session of the Council;
The proposed analysis identifies who can legitimately take place at the negotiating table and which items are to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of an interregional workshop to support the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in small island developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
To that end, two basic conditions must be met: the existence of a vacant post to which no Azerbaijani citizen has the necessary professional training or skills and the inability of the employment services to find a candidate from the local job applicants who meets the criteria set by the employer.
Rest and lunch breaks are not counted as working hours.
In 1997, amendments and additions were made to the Social Protection for Persons with Disabilities Act 1992, which became the Disability and Rehabilitation and Social Protection Act.
The same article also provides that children who cannot be integrated into formal preschools because of their physical or mental disabilities are accommodated in specialized pre-school institutions.
The results of the eight finalists have been communicated to WIPO to involve them in the international competition competition involving licensed and master students from 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) The national budget;
(d) Agriculture;
In other words, the challenge of good governance lies at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play an essential role in the field of arms proliferation.
This could lead to a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
The booklet contains guidelines and information on the various options available once compulsory education has been completed.
The implementation of a feminist curriculum at the University of Iceland is one of the Centre's priorities for the coming years.
The committee published a programme for equal rights policy for the Icelandic University for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall fix the salaries and allowances of officials of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, in accordance with the standards of the United Nations common system.
b “In Ghana, Hope Arrives via Satellite”, International Herald Tribune, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with IMF
(c) To continue to include in the agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee reiterates its recommendation that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that adopted children may not know the identity of their natural parents, even by their majority and even if it is found to be in their best interests.
(a) The enactment of new legislation and the adoption of several national strategies and programmes, including: decision No. 347/2002 on national programmes of interest in the field of child protection concerning street children and children in institutions; Law No. 678/2001 on trafficking in persons; Law No. 197/2000 on violence in the family and on children;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, the ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning Minimum Age for Admission to Employment and the ILO Convention (No. 182) concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour, ratified by the State party:
(a) To undertake information campaigns at all levels and in all regions, with a view to eliminating harmful attitudes towards Roma throughout society, in particular among authorities such as the police and professionals providing health, education and social services;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their reports on a regular and timely basis.
(b) To develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as the monitoring and collection of data on racist acts;
(d) Ensure that the Family Council has adequate resources to fulfil its mandate.
At the national level, there is growing recognition of the need to consider development goals and policies from a human rights perspective” (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical measures, to ensure progressively, by all means, and in particular through the adoption of legislative measures, the full enjoyment of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms the constitutional right, with regard to workers in the private sector and public enterprises, to establish, without prior authorization, the organizations they deem appropriate.
This period is considered to be actually worked for the purpose of paying the wage irrespective of the agreed remuneration system.
Information on the current standard of living of the population
Households who, while devoting their total income to meeting their food needs, are considered destitute, cannot adequately meet them.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of built units reached 1,076 843, an annual average of 107,684.
As a percentage of the population and housing stock, the figures for the year represented less than 4 per cent of the country's population and only 3 per cent of the housing stock.
State housing programmes
With regard to specific health sector activities, some researchers estimate that more than half of the decrease in child mortality is associated with the expansion and coverage of health services.
However, there are still very binding legal provisions and procedures for the media and journalists.
FIM: Mining Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Act No. 19070 of 1996.
However, it is important that the facts of the violent crimes against women be made public in a dignified and respectful manner in the privacy of the victim.
The conclusions of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be a matter of urgency.
Japan hopes that all States will make every effort to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and build on the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete action at the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms during the period between us and the Second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If none of the three options obtain the majority of votes, the one that has received the least votes will be eliminated and a new referendum will be held to allow voters to choose between the remaining two options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, determines who is eligible to vote.
• Women with higher levels of education want fewer children.
Kunst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure for the International Meeting to Review the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
xi.
In their final communiqué, the Tenth Islamic Summit Conference, held in Malaysia last month, called on the Security Council to endorse the road map for the establishment of peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for its timely implementation.
It is important to lay down the three main pillars of this goal here, as they demonstrate our determination to keep this theme in the long term.
However, according to the Israeli representative's assertions, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and Palestinian corruption.
Armenia has continued to implement, for nearly 10 years now, its policy of blockade of the Nagorny Karabakh Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan, thus inflicting enormous suffering on the civilian population of that part of the country.
Similarly, it is imperative that the Government and civil society work together to encourage the growth and development of our children.
Last year, United Nations Member States adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have free access to health care and education, which is compulsory.
At the same time, it has managed to reduce expenditures through energy-saving measures.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention for the Protection of the Intangible Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003;
“The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission to Guinea-Bissau, to be led by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, which will constitute the first part of a comprehensive mission to West Africa, and looks forward to its conclusions and recommendations.
The United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (the Guide to Insolvency Law)*
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
However, the informal translation of article 3 of this law can be provided, which sets out national measures for the implementation of international sanctions.
Annex
As a result, no person affected by such a measure may obtain entry visa from the Consulates of Lebanon or the Public Security.
The Czech Republic, Albania, Andorra, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Colombia, the Czech Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Estonia, Fiji, Georgia, Ghana, Guatemala, Honduras, Iceland, Latvia, the Marshall Islands, Malta, Kazakhstan, Kenya, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and the United Republic of Macedonia,
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To examine the question of the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider reviewing and, where appropriate, revising their immigration policies with a view to eliminating all unfair practices against migrants and members of their families, and to provide specialized training for officials responsible for policy development, law enforcement, immigration and other services, including with the assistance of non-governmental organizations and civil society, thus stressing the importance of creating conditions for the promotion of harmony;
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and that it is essential to ensure the full enjoyment of those rights and freedoms by persons with disabilities without discrimination,
Thus, not only the occupying Power has decided to physically reoccupy the areas under full Palestinian control under the terms of the agreements reached, but it appears that it has now decided to take control of civil affairs in those areas.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 by which the Governing Council of UN-Habitat approved the establishment of the Special Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian People and the Technical Cooperation Trust Fund with a budget of $5 million for an initial period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a comprehensive system of preferences, agreed upon at the second session of the Conference in 1968, will successfully reflect an innovative approach to the issue of developing countries' access to markets in industrialized countries.
International disciplines and commitments — essential for the establishment of a rule-based international economic regime — are beginning to extend to areas that in the past were the sole responsibility of national Governments.
Special and differential treatment can be useful in addressing economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing and developed countries.
What should be the role of government?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
There will be a meeting of the Joint Coordinating Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The above-mentioned Convention was adopted at the plenary meeting of the General Assembly on 31 October 2003 at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken special measures, although not limited to cases of kidnapping, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims appearing before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane as deputy to the Special Representative in Asmara.
After completing its 50-minute work, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at http://www.itu.int/wsis/documents.
We still do not have the answers we need at this time to critical questions about Iraq's past production of chemical and biological weapons, what remains of its current capabilities and its potential programmes.
Population density and distribution have influenced emissions from transport and habitat.
Some provide for a net increase in emissions from this sector despite the measures implemented, adopted and planned.
(c) Asile and refuge several delegations emphasized the need to link the obligation not to grant asylum or refuge to persons suspected of having participated in an enforced disappearance, with the obligation not to return such persons to a State where they may be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious violations of human rights.
Fifty-eighth session
However, further action might be necessary because, in their discussions, the specialized intergovernmental bodies generally focus on substantive issues and do not consider the role of the Secretariat, i.e., the activities envisaged in the programme of work.
(f) The format and timing of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
This is therefore particularly timely to speak to the non-permanent members of the Security Council, who, together with the permanent members, uphold the principles of the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
A discussion will therefore now begin to undertake a review of the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on the strengthening of legal and administrative measures and the mobilization of international cooperation and coordination to that end, my delegation, without wishing to divert attention from this effort, would like to highlight other aspects that could be considered, which are also mentioned in the report, particularly in the case of South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to know and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and associated individuals and entities could unify disparate groups of different ethnic and national backgrounds, using their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations3 and the United Nations funds and programmes4 for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations;2
31.35 The main purpose of the High-level Committee on Management is to guide the work of the United Nations system on administrative and management issues of system-wide concern, and to promote inter-agency cooperation and coordination on these matters on behalf of the Chief Executives Board.
My question is: What can be expected with regard to new contributions? Because, as previous speakers have said, this process will be long, and will require significant funding, including special coordination and cooperation from other countries with the lead country.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braun, who have made presentations that have given rise to so many relevant questions on Afghanistan, although some of these questions have been answered.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report to managers on a monthly basis on the differences identified and plans to consider options to improve the updating of regional inventories.
(b) Staff at Headquarters and in the field should be sufficient to cope with the volume of air operations, given the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces (UNPF)d
United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNOMSIL)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to promote the use of identification systems, including the application of the Object-ID standard, and to encourage links between these systems and existing databases, including that of the International Criminal Police Organization — Interpol, to enable the electronic transmission of information to reduce trafficking in cultural property, and encourages further cooperation between Member States;
The political process must therefore be broad and open enough to allow all Afghans who wish to participate in good faith in political life to do so and not to be left behind, which would increasingly encourage them to join the ranks of those who actively thwart the peace process.
I would now like to offer a more specific description of the situation by providing the Council with the latest information on specific developments in Afghanistan since last December's briefing.
My delegation also wishes to reiterate its deep conviction that security is one and indivisible and must benefit all.
It could be if we agreed to free old reflexes and abandon nuclear doctrine.
Given the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution will enjoy the broadest possible support from States parties and States not parties to the Convention.
In accordance with that view, at a ministerial meeting of the Quartet, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, introduced the initiative to adopt a special resolution of the Security Council that supports the road map.
The President: Does any other delegation wish to take the floor at this stage?
At the same time, no consensus has been reached on issues such as the abolition of unilateral measures (e.g. export bans imposed by producer countries and boycotts in consumer countries), since they are incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, several large timber companies are implementing environmental management systems designed to ensure that wood is from environmentally and socially safe sources.
It is involved in concession management, development of forest plantations and downstream processing of forest products.
(i) Urge countries and relevant organizations to continue improving systems for the timely collection and dissemination of information on the production, consumption, trade and prices of wood and non-wood forest products in order to promote market transparency.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former law, which are essentially binding, should be abolished in their entirety and replaced by more just and equitable legislation, which is more protective of the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group between 10 and 19, more men than women are employed because custom requires girls to stay at home later than boys to start work early.
The rights and obligations of marriage are the same for cohabitants; witnesses can attest that a couple has lived under the same roof for at least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501)]
In its resolution 42/11, the Assembly requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to utilize the expertise and experience gained in the implementation of its global technical assistance programmes, as well as the information gathered through various relevant questionnaires.
Item 8. Other trade and development issues:
UNCTAD collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa in the preparations for the Cancún Conference by participating in the High-level African Trade Negotiators Preparatory to the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference and the African Union Trade Ministers Meeting in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Cancún Conference.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries in participating in the Doha work programme in the area of trade and environment are continuing in close cooperation and coordination with the secretariats of WTO, UNEP and the United Nations regional commissions, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as with civil society.
He also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the Kennedy School of Government of Harvard University in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on 23 and 24 September 2002, where he presented the work of the Commission on Information and Communication Technology Development Indexes.
We also recognize that globalization, and indeed the increase in international trade, bring hope for growth for our peoples.
Last year, in addressing the General Assembly, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and promised to report on the progress made.
In addition, women participate in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women, which is part of a coordinated and integrated system of development activities that includes care for mothers and children, thus consolidating equality between men and women in a society that believes in family unity, places gender equality and respects family rights.
Developing countries face development challenges today, which can be met only through concerted international efforts and support for the necessary political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
I would like to address two specific criminal justice issues:
The United Nations must therefore continue to contribute to the process of restoring peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has endeavoured to implement the principles it proclaims with the utmost consistency.
Important changes in the global balance of global forces and goals have occurred since the establishment of the United Nations 58 years ago.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe in Thessaloniki, the European Union will continue to support the Secretary-General's efforts to achieve a comprehensive, just, viable and practical solution to the Cyprus problem, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each committee shall elect its Chairperson from among its members.
Persons arrested or detained shall be informed of the reasons for their arrest or detention and of their right to be assisted by a lawyer.
Its most recent publication was the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21st meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered section 28, Public information, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and other relevant human rights instruments,
Also regrets that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that the officials or active personnel or former officials or personnel of a contributing State not party to the Rome Statute shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of that State for any allegation of acts or omissions arising from or related to the multinational force or the formal stabilization force in Liberia;
Also requests the working group to study the information presented and to share its comments and recommendations with transnational corporations, other business enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other relevant sources of information;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, sponsored by Mr. Chen Shiqiu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Mbonu, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Dominicans of Justice and Peace
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could join a number of levels to ensure an exchange of information on user needs and achieve the broader goal of integrating GNSS and its augmentations into the basic infrastructure of developing countries.
Governments do not measure the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and disease control.
Expected outcome
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is developing a synthesis document, in which CPF members contribute, to assessing the relationship between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, subparagraph (f), provides: “Every person arrested or detained shall be formally charged and brought before the competent court within 48 hours” and “There shall be no pre-trial detention”.
(f) Support to the Peace and Security Council for the realization of humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Protocol on the Establishment of the Peace and Security Council of the African Union;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is an area that could benefit greatly from education and awareness-raising programmes.
Sources indicated that in a few areas, the principle of accountability was relatively well implemented, but that was primarily the responsibility of the officials concerned.
Decides to include the following items in the agenda of the third session of the Committee for the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
A statement was made by Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic.
The Development Committee intended to review this initiative, along with the issue of debt sustainability, at its autumn meeting.
This meeting will provide an opportunity for policymakers to address issues related to development cooperation.
Mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Office of Legal Affairs made several statements in explanation of the Council's rules of procedure.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
Thus, we are in a phase of launching our political tools, particularly those related to flexibility criteria.
The staff currently being recruited will require training beyond the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report provides us with an overview of the work of the Council over the past year in its area of responsibility, namely, the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) To assist in maximizing the relevance of the results of the work of the General Assembly and the Council and to ensure that arrangements are in place to monitor their effective implementation, including by linking the outcomes of the high-level segment of the Council to the deliberations of the General Assembly;
10.16 Expected accomplishments would include: (a) the enrichment of the knowledge base, know-how and management tools of the Government and relevant institutions, in order to better equip them to implement an environmental policy; (b) the development of innovative technical cooperation agreements for the establishment and use of appropriate and environmentally sound technologies; and (c) the establishment by Governments of institutional arrangements to better respond to environmental emergencies.
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary prevention of drug use among young people; diversification of treatment and rehabilitation services for drug users; policy and strategy development; training and capacity-building; and the identification and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 The conservation and sustainable management of the forest ecosystems of Central Africa
Strategy
(d) To promote the use of information and communication technology and space technology applications, including by facilitating adaptation to local conditions or the transfer of best practices.
Indicators of achievement would include: (a) the number of members and associate members who have received assistance from ESCAP and the further initiatives they have taken to improve their ICT policies and the institutional framework; (b) the number of national ICT training centres being upgraded and the number of technical cooperation activities among developing countries implemented with the assistance of ESCAP; and (c) the establishment of a mechanism for regional cooperation on space applications.
Strategy
The achievement of the targets will be determined by more rapid assistance to natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; more timely and coordinated responses to disaster-stricken countries; a higher rate of participation in training courses on disaster management; enhanced field and regional cooperation; and a greater donor response to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation to reduce the impact of the El Niño phenomenon
Programme 26 Least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and victory (Seoul, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Olamendi (Mexico) said that, in three years of power, the Government of Mr. Vicente Fox had laid the foundations for a full exercise of human rights.
In that connection, his delegation endorsed the recommendation of the Acting High Commissioner that efforts should be made to create a culture of tolerance and respect for others, not violence.
New laws were needed, but the most important challenge was not the adoption of laws, but their practical application.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their reduced mobility can prevent them from leaving even when water is contaminated, the land is mined and the sources of supply are cut off.
Such services should be expanded and a politically viable social contract formulated.
The declaration also aims at strengthening cooperation for better enforcement of laws, the provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and the special recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (FATF).
Ms. Knowles (Australia) said that about a year ago, 88 Australians had died and 202 were injured as a result of the Bali terrorist attack.
However, in exceptional cases where the organizations can be established, the relevant decisions must be binding and the establishment of the new institution stems from the functions of the organization that established it.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (on Second Committee matters)
BRF worked on specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in Fiji's financial system.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its response capacity from year to year.
The statement is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve or restore the encumbered assets, such as equipment repairors, have a security right in the encumbered assets, which generally takes precedence over security rights in the same assets in respect of other claims.
Unies and other non-lethal equipment
The terms of the ICAO-UNDP agreement and the corresponding project design document relating to the Interim Authority should be expanded as necessary (capacity and resources);
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies in supporting the economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Support to the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsor of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Commending the progress made in revitalizing the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
Among men, the decline is even more clear, as the proportion rose from 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, within the manufacturing sector itself, there has been a new distribution of production, which has deserted the production of footwear and clothing to electronics, engineering and health-related production.
Family therapy is offered to families in which the problem is related to substance abuse or play.
An important initiative has been the elimination of illegal ship discarded in Armi, which is being carried out jointly with the Land Department.
Land shall be returned to the owners or their heirs as if their acquisition by the State had never taken place, provided that the owners attached the land to the cadastral within three months of restitution.
In fact, the situation was perceived to be unfair to Maltese donors, and the 1995 amendments to the 1944 Housing Rent Order, the 1959 Housing Awards Ordinance and the 1931 Urban Property Rending Regulation make no application to the lease lease agreement entered into on 1 June 1995 or thereafter.
The programme consists of several integrated programmes, which include: pre-construction services for frequent miscarriages, genetic counselling services, prenatal clinics, difficult childbirth services, specialized infant care, periodic examinations of babies, free immunization, school medicine, child abuse centre and child development assessment service.
Municipal councils reconfigured and moved district clinics, while NGOs were particularly concerned with organizing special services for socially disadvantaged groups such as disabled and drug users.
The Catholic Church provides its own school buildings and facilities, but is also responsible for maintaining its settlements and financing its possible expansion.
Candidates for university studies must have successfully undergone the examination of the baccalaureate, which merely provides access to universities and must also meet the special requirements for admission to certain studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD covers virtually all aspects of the socio-economic and political structures of society, including development planning, sound economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, security, agriculture, health or education, among other fundamental elements of any indicator of progress.
However, the problem we face in this regard is that the forum mandated by the General Assembly to address the issue of Security Council reform — that is, the Open-ended Working Group on Council Reform — has not been able to make significant progress since it was established under General Assembly resolution 48/26 in 1993, and the Working Group remains more than ever in the impasse.
1.6 The CTC would be grateful to receive information on the conclusions reached by the Commission established by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Waqfs referred to at pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report concerning the harmonization of criminal law with international terrorist offences.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and potential use of the United Nations human rights instruments from a disability perspective” prepared by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Disability of the University of Galway, Ireland, at the request of OHCHR, analyses the provisions of the six United Nations human rights instruments from a disability perspective and examines the functioning of the United Nations system.
Measures taken by States 9 - 22 6
In this regard, OHCHR supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the proposed supplement thereto.
With regard to the withdrawal or modification of interpretative declarations, a simple interpretative declaration, contrary to a regular reservation, may be formulated at any time.
The question was also raised as to whether unilateral acts should be narrowly or extended to certain types of conduct of States that might produce legal effects.
But the 26 million Iraqis deserve it.
It is urgent to listen to the message of inspectors mandated by the Security Council and to provide the answers that are expected.
Inspections cannot continue indefinitely without prompt, active and effective cooperation from Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question
I think that the announcement made by President Bush last Friday that the Quartet will present the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible Prime Minister with sufficient powers is confirmed, is an important step on which we must build.
Accordingly, the proposals of the Secretary-General to reduce the additional requirements are limited to those indicated above and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the Commission's guidelines, the Special Rapporteur has paid particular attention to the issue of gender-based distinctions.
Applications for accreditation are recorded in a registry (CA).
The process of ratification of the Convention is nearing completion.
In expected accomplishment (a), replace the words “social problems” with the words “social development problems”.
Malawi would like all States to ensure the defence and promotion of the functions and the credibility of the Court and to consolidate its jurisdiction and independence: this requires vigilance and unequivocal commitment by all States; it also requires careful selection of officials of the Court, especially judges whose personal integrity and independence must be above any suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) — The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands notes that the courts of the Netherlands do not consider most economic and social rights directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members also have before them document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
It has been developed jointly by the United Nations and national organizations dealing with issues of interest to sustainable development of the oceans and the progress of the oceanography, under the primary responsibility of FAO and under the chairmanship of a steering committee and a technical committee, which have coordinated the work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism established for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
In order to meet the assessment needs of the Convention, the Global Assessment should include an assessment of biodiversity at the ecosystem, species and genoty levels.
Ad Hoc Group on Global Policy Review (guidance report)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: Environment and sustainable development)
She thanked the Managing Directors for the information provided on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in the Organization's human resources management.
Expert meeting on the definition of environmental goods and services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, however, the poor performance of private companies and social dissatisfaction are of concern.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of the draft resolution (A/C.3/58.L.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
But policy reforms and capacity-building in developing countries should also be introduced.
OHCHR has also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations Country Team, as well as with ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The Technology Transfer and Foreign Investment Act of 1992 liberalized FDI inflows and ensured the repatriation of profits and capital.
We expect that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and military actions faced by Palestinian civilians, the Government of Prime Minister Sharon will act in support of the peace process.
The Palestinians want to end the occupation with the certainty that they will have a truly viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, as set out in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without distinction of any kind, including of sex,
Most of the grants were used to provide intensive training to teachers, administrators and evaluators at the provincial level.
The group referred to various forms of education under article 6 and noted that there were several organized, formal and non-formal activities targeting children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Awareness (Chairperson: Ms. Višnja Gugasović, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauer, Switzerland)
Thus, article 139 of the Penal Code states that “the conspiracy to commit any of the offences referred to in this section carries the same penalties as those imposed on the effective commission of the act”.
Under article 148 as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001, anyone who knowingly manufactures, holds or transports any kind of explosive or inflammable material or any toxic, incendiary, infectious, bacteriological, chemical, radiological or similar substance, as well as any component of such material, to commit terrorist acts or to allow others to use them for that purpose.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening the role of the United Nations in enhancing the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and the promotion of democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of United Nations peacekeeping operations
The “E3” Panel found that Van Oord was entitled to compensation for some of its tangible property losses but recommended that no compensation be awarded for its other claims.
It is further noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its capacity to support the Counter-Terrorism Committee when necessary, the Department for Disarmament Affairs should draw public attention to the risk of the use of weapons of mass destruction in the context of terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership, and notes that much remains to be done to achieve the objectives and priorities set out therein;
(h) Closed-circuit television services;
It is proposed that the General Assembly:
They referred, inter alia, to agreements and institutions to improve the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems: the Convention for the Protection of the Marine and Coastal Environment of the South-East Pacific and its Plan of Action; the Convention for the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment of the Wider Caribbean Region and its Protocol for Specially Protected Areas and Wildlife; the Convention for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Baltic Sea Region;
Another proposal was that the major agencies that were to participate in the consideration of cluster topics should prepare joint reports to be submitted to the groups at the beginning of the meetings, as a follow-up to the discussions on the scope and nature of inter-agency coordination on the subject, in order to complement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea, which should continue for distribution before the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In operative paragraph 19, the word “education” should be replaced by the word “information”, and in line 5, the words “shall decide to provide any assistance available in this regard” should be replaced by the words “Welcomes the invitation to the Chairman of the Special Committee to attend the Constitutional Convention to be held in Tokelau in September 2003”.
In a presentation on the effects of the structural adjustment on human development made at a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki identified three major features of the structural adjustment and stabilization programmes: they are of a limited nature; they represent a keen part of capitalism and weaken the power of the State.
Any attempt to link the ban on future production and the issue of existing stocks would result in unnecessary prolongation of negotiations and would adversely affect nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament.
(a) In electing the additional members, the General Assembly shall respect the following distribution of seats:
According to the World Bank, housing costs increased by 12 per cent during the first 15 months of the second intifada.42, 43
PCDAR is an implementing agency that reports directly to the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority were given, the refugees in the camps replaced and altered their homes and added others.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea on the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union was equally committed to promoting gender equality and the empowerment of women and believed that the gender perspective should be integrated into development strategies and policies at all levels, including in the work of the United Nations.
There are currently two women district chiefs out of a total of 141.
The World Health Organization employs four women and six men.
Despite the compulsory nature of primary school as set out in the 1991 Constitution, the problems are acute at this level of education.
The success rate was 71 per cent and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the area of higher technical education, in 1997-98 the following main subjects were attendance:
Women dominate the trade sector, where the ratio of women to men is 2 to 1, textile and garment production, and the food industry other than rice mumps.
According to the study, only 37 per cent of women had already used a condom.
(ADB, 1996; Schenk-Sendbergen, etc.)
The village chief is assisted by a deputy, but out of a total of 12,491 deputies, only 101 are women.
Our work on small arms has many aspects, but the human dimension must remain our guide.
We also wish to ensure the success of the 2004 Review Conference to be held in Nairobi, Kenya, which will contribute to achieving that goal.
At the same time, it is important to control arms and impose restrictions in order to create an adequate balance between legitimate security needs and the unnecessary loss of innocent lives, which is the result of irresponsible policies on the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
She would also like to know whether there were any figures showing the number of men and women working in the private and public sectors.
Ms. Gonzalez asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Reproductive and Sexual Rights referred to in paragraph 420 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Service on Health and Reproductive and Sexual Rights referred to in paragraph 421 were two separate or silent institutions and whether they dealt with rights in themselves or only with health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to take into account, in the context of the negotiation process, the contributions of the United Nations system and relevant international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties will hold regular meetings in accordance with its rules of procedure.
The Chairman, however, hoped that each organization represented at the meeting would, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources, as appropriate, establish a mechanism for the exchange of information.
Other matters
“Welcomes the decision of the Government of Benin to host a regional preparatory conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of adopting effective measures, including, where appropriate, new financial mechanisms, to support the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, reduce poverty and strengthen their democratic systems, while reaffirming that each country has the primary responsibility for its own economic and social development and that national policies play a leading role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Belize, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Ecuador, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Russian Federation, Spain and United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
They are derived from the report of the Secretary-General on the improvement of the status of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, tables 1 to 4).
One woman was appointed to the temporary position of Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (as of 1 January 2003) and another was recently appointed Humanitarian Envoy of the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with effect from 10 January 2003).
Severe acute respiratory has shown that regional and international cooperation is essential to address the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives aimed at improving the efficiency and visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the riots in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country appeared to have gradually returned to normalcy.
It is necessary to ensure, through training courses and adequate support, that the standards being developed give rise to best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need to take this measure;
[(c) [In order to avoid any doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall have the competence, inter alia, to decide on all matters raised or relating to [subparagraph (b)] above];]
Mr. Nesser (Sweden) associated himself with the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/264);
Expressing its grave concern at the continuing Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, the relevant United Nations resolutions and the agreements reached between the parties, including the ongoing construction and expansion of the settlements in Jabal Abu Ghounaym and Ras al-Amoud in and around Occupied East Jerusalem,
International cooperation in the field of environmental protection should focus on the development and diffusion of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening of sustainable development institutions at the national, regional and local levels, as this would help developing countries to better address climate change issues.
Achieving environmental sustainability will require universal support for global environmental conventions.
Encourages Member States in the region to continue their efforts by adopting the laws or regulations necessary to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement a system such as Sédoc, due consideration must be given to the organization of the Secretariat, as set out in Secretary-General's bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5 of 12 September 1997, according to which (sect. 1) “The Secretariat, which is one of the principal organs of the United Nations, has its headquarters in New York.
Level 5 is allocated to delegates and allows access to documents for distribution to participants, such as conference room papers (CRP), in addition to documents available at level 4.
In reviewing the websites of organizations or agencies whose official documents are posted on ODS, it was found that some of them did not indicate that the documents in question could be accessed through the ODS.
The original system has responded to needs for almost 10 years, a lot if the speed of technological innovation is seen.
In some cases, the process of capturing these identifyingors must be manual; the task is cumbersome and time-consuming (from three to six months) and represents additional work when staff resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, on 5, 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some are even suspected of assisting others in acquiring weapons of mass destruction, while some are seeking to acquire such weapons, or are unable to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge posed by terrorism as a new and real threat on the international scene presents a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
The session was attended by representatives of 117 States, as well as observers for services of the United Nations Secretariat, United Nations bodies and research institutes, specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I am encouraged by the work of the Ad Hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa, the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three priority areas for ECLAC in the biennium 2004-2005, namely, policies for the promotion of equality and poverty eradication in the region; national policies to strengthen the links between economic and social development and ongoing globalization; and the integration of environmental perspectives into public policies in the region.
The first group to meet with the manager of the plant, to whom he asked questions about the materials produced by the plant, the problems encountered in production and the effects on production.
Expressing its appreciation to those countries that continue to host Afghan refugee populations and, at the same time, reiterating its call upon all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations with regard to the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons and to allow access by international agencies capable of assisting and protecting them,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Special agreements providing for annual or longer-term contributions to the budget by the Government of the country in which the Centre is located (hereinafter referred to as “the host Government”), by any other member of UNIDO or by any intergovernmental organization having relations with UNIDO pursuant to article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between the Governments or organizations concerned and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They pointed out that the Evaluation Office might disperse its efforts and might lose its effectiveness.
Type: Satellite
The following year, Nauru was placed even lower; the members of the Group included it on the list of “countermeasures”, not because of the inadequacy of our laws, but because the rules of the game had changed and we had no capacity to supervise the offshore banks registered in Nauru.
In addition to the struggle to proscribe weapons of mass destruction, there is an urgent need to address the problem of small arms that play a role in conflicts and insecurity in many of our countries.
Unfortunately, it would seem that for a very small number of Member States the issue is not a matter of formulation or terminology, but it involves other factors that, very frankly, we have difficulty fully seizing.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account the differences between States in the scope of criminal legislation relating, inter alia, to prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornographic material.
Corrigendum
In addition, some girls' schools are established and are used as a daytime meals to encourage their students not to leave school.
There is no data on the level of illiteracy among rural women.
To be held in closed session on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Notes the importance of the ongoing bilateral Middle East peace negotiations and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security in promoting mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiate a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks to human beings posed by the irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of the mandate contained in resolution 57/61, to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO welcomes the idea of working with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national action plans and shape the implementation programme.
To date, given the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the most recent meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes have been met, and many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on the way forward to the implementation of all previous commitments and further commitments towards the full implementation of the objectives of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomed the results of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development, which had significantly clarified the Commission's future methods and programme of work.
We would also like to commend all Member States that have participated in these difficult consultations in recent months and whose will and dedication have enabled the resolution to be adopted today.
The overall management of judicial reform and revision remains the responsibility of the National Transitional Government of Liberia, with the assistance of international expert organizations under the leadership of the United Nations through the knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[[In the case of afforestation or reforestation project activities under the CDM for which CERs are issued,] a designated operational entity shall periodically verify and certify that appropriate insurance is in progress during the reporting period.
Amphetamine continues to be manufactured mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should have a priority to ensure that all their services work together and pool their resources and knowledge to combat drug trafficking.
This management and use is also essential for the quality of extensive pastures and soil conservation.
Annex II
The State of Victoria (Australia) assists the Fijian police in the use of radar pistols and provides us with educational material on road safety.
While those who resort to traffickers deliberately do so, they are very vulnerable to abuse during their own lives, including extortion by corrupt representatives of immigration authorities or other law enforcement officials.
It was to be hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in the field of peace and security would renew the concept of cooperation of all countries for peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of General Assembly resolution 377 (V) of 1950.
The crew of the “Shenzou” name, which is to say “division spacecraft” in Chinese, has stolen space and has a healthy income except on the Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the recent killings, violence and other violations of human rights and atrocities in Bunia, as well as the attacks on the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and the internally displaced persons who have sought refuge in the Mission's premises, and reiterates that such acts will not go unpunished and that those responsible will be held accountable.
Appendix A
Under the operative paragraphs of the second draft resolution, entitled “Model legislative provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on privately financed infrastructure projects”, the General Assembly would welcome the completion by the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law of the preparation and adoption of the Model Legislative Provisions, request the Secretary-General to issue them and recommend that all States take duly into account the model legislative provisions and the Legislative Guide.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/515)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, Rwanda, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court handed down a six-year and six-month term of imprisonment for the head of tax fraud and violated the obligation to hold accounts.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Object of reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, Chair of the SBI, and Mr. Halldor Thorgeirsson, Chair of the SBSTA, presented the objectives of each workshop and reported on the expected results.
The workshop, which was aimed at officials from Asian countries responsible for preparing reports under article 18 of the Convention, focused primarily on those States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
As the economic situation had improved, the Government had adopted a two-pronged approach to gender equality, both to integrate a gender perspective into its strategies and to develop gender-sensitive policies and programmes, which enabled it to address gender discrimination more systematically.
The Committee also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns on the Convention be conducted for parliamentarians, including the judiciary and the legal profession.
In the light of all these elements, I would like to ask the Council once again to consider carefully the international measures necessary to ensure the security necessary for the progress of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I wish to reiterate the commitment of the Government of Kenya to the full implementation of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other relevant international instruments.
The Secretary-General estimates that the costs of the Institute for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including salaries for the nine posts (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service), would amount to $970,300.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has been effective in terms of time, effort and resources.
(b) Such guidelines will be incorporated into the programme presentations instructions for 2004 and will include, as recommended during the staff training audit, direct costs for the design, development and implementation of training activities funded from the administrative budget, and training projects managed by the Staff Development Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution as a whole (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document consists of three parts.
Compilation and synthesis of views on actions taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priority needs and on actions taken by Annex II Parties to implement decisions 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, within the limits of its verification mandate, UNMEE can ensure that the parties fulfil their security responsibilities vis-à-vis the employees of the contractors of the Boundary Commission working in the field and intervene in extreme situations to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs set out in the present document are purely indicative.
However, only eight countries, against the 19 target, reached their completion point by mid-2003.
On 22 October 2003, between midnight and 0015 hours, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea off Beirut (20 miles off the coast) towards Jounie and west of Chakka (11 miles from the coast).
At 2149 hours on the same day, an Israeli military boat fired a flare bomb in the aforementioned waters.
The Secretariat should comply strictly with the six-week rule for the issuance of documents, as well as all relevant General Assembly resolutions and regulations, in particular those which stipulate that the United Nations should refrain from publishing documents in hard copy or on its web site until they are available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation had never been more favourable to women than in 2003.
In the near future, Scotland will examine the possibility of extending the scope of these prohibitions.
The annual budget for childcare services for 2003-2004 will be more than three times that for 2000-2001 and these additional funds are mostly earmarked for the most disadvantaged areas.
As a priority for action for 2002-2003, the target of 72 per cent participation by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 has been set.
Goals had been set for reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies among teenage mothers, and measures were being taken to improve communication, promote education and provide women with user-friendly services.
Under the Scottish Health Plan adopted in December 2000, Our National Health: a plan for action a plan for change, NHS must ensure that health workers are able, professionally and culturally, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The Directors of all NHS organizations in Scotland also personally committed themselves to implementing the program by signing the Leadership Challenge of the Commission for Racial Equality (the Commission for Race Equality).
Concerted efforts have been made to improve services in rural areas, such as schools, police, childcare facilities and services.
The Court is developing a partnership project with advisory bodies, which could involve the electronic links of proposed business centres, courtrooms and the complainant.
A strategy is currently being developed, with two main objectives: to reach more women and children and to raise awareness of their security and protection choices; and to reduce social tolerance of such offences to ensure that they are no longer excused, tolerated or ignored.
In this context, we believe that, as stated at the last session of the Committee, 661, an emergency plan is needed to accelerate this process of renegotiation of the financial amendments to these contracts.
We hope that all the issues highlighted by the head of the Office of the Iraq Programme in his report to the Council on 29 September, as still unresolved or not agreed, can be fully resolved so that the transfer can proceed in the best and timely manner.
It may be useful to anticipate the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as already attempted to do so by Mr. Philip Alston, as independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the bleak facts and serious challenges that must be overcome and overcome if we are to achieve lasting peace and development in accordance with the Millennium Declaration.
Table 2 Multi-year pledges to UNFPA regular resources, 2000-2003, by region (as at 28 February 2003)
In a democracy, the majority of Canadians have the responsibility to choose the rules to which they wish to adhere and, in recent years, the majority of Canadians have shown that they want fewer violence, both in real life and in the media.
Research shows that, in relation to crime issues, it is necessary, albeit for financial reasons, to re-examine and focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided that the term of office of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November following the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted by consensus resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of the present report).
The proposed budget of the Court is based on its primary purpose of conducting fair public trials within a reasonable time.
A second technician maintains the Office of the Prosecutor's database and provides all necessary technical support for the daily use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, which is consistent with the same functional approach as that used for other major programmes, aims to maximize the efficiency of the Registry through the establishment of a common service package available to both the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions involve the establishment of three separate subgroups within the Victims Participation and Compensation Unit in 2004, namely, the Participation Sub-group, the Compensation subgroup and the Victims Trust Fund subgroup.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and Documentation Section
Performance indicators
• Travel (including those of security officers for the Prosecutor, the President, judges and deputies travelling to high-risk areas): €952,691
He/she would also act as adviser on internal legal issues relating to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Deputy Executive Director explained that the amount of the contribution was only one aspect of the calculation: if the other two criteria - cash and thematic funding - were met, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
He also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the rule of law and would like to have more details on it.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not the modification of an existing reservation, but the formulation of a fully new reservation.
The Office has prepared a comprehensive document on legal and judicial reform, which provides an update on the progress achieved over the past 10 years, in preparation for the midterm meeting of the Donor Advisory Group to be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also stress the need for more intensive use of peaceful settlement of disputes, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
In reviewing peacekeeping mandates, the Council must be advised on how to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society militant groups; the new measures have been the subject of relatively strong consensus within the governmental coalition and it is hoped that the regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28 to 31 January and 29 and 30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are crucial to the sustainability of the human species and the environment; our traditional knowledge systems must be respected, encouraged and protected; our collective intellectual property rights must be recognized and guaranteed; without the free, prior and informed consent of the holders of traditional knowledge, these knowledge must not become public, and cultural and intellectual property is protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further clarification and proposals regarding the structure during the intersessional period.
It may be aggravated by 5 to 10 years and the fine of 50,000 to 1,000 CFA francs if it is established that the perpetrator has engaged in this activity.
- 1 Under-Secretary-General;
The Civil Code, which regulates family relations, proclaims in Articles 78 and 80, that the human person is entitled to a right from birth and to death and has the enjoyment and exercise of all private rights unless otherwise provided.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been established to ensure the effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of entry by land, permission to enter the border can be obtained from immigration and border delegations.
Annex
Such differences are not found between men and women in other diplomatic ranks.
The recognition of values and potential for assistance by non-governmental organizations to governmental institutions is reflected in the cooperation programme of the Government of Croatia with the non-governmental non-market sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Belize) said that the exclusion of Taiwan from the United Nations violated the principles of universality and self-determination enshrined in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
Concern was also expressed that the inclusion of the “or undertaking to fulfil” phase member might make the definition too broad.
However, concern was expressed that alternative B did not expressly refer to the carrier's liability and that paragraph 1 of Variant B stated that the carrier was “injured of its liability” without first defining that liability.
The Working Group as a whole approved the substance of the paragraph.
* “Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, India, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Swaziland, Thailand, Togo, Uganda, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play an equally vital role in other situations of tension, such as, in particular, the question of Palestine.
The Iraqi regime has always had to avoid war.
I would like to highlight the very useful contributions of many speakers before me, who greatly enriched our debate on this very important issue.
My delegation listened carefully to the statements made by the States Members of the United Nations during this debate.
A starting point could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that he believes should inspire our decisions in the future of Iraq.
The Security Council bears and will continue to bear the primary responsibility for global peace and international security.
My Government has fully committed — and will continue to do so — to the fight against international terrorism.
We must be aware of the fact that there are still peoples living under foreign occupation who, under international law, are entitled to resist such occupation.
We are also taking other measures to develop cooperation in this area with other Central Asian States.
It states:
Special allocations for the “Resident Coordinator Support Line” of programming arrangements will continue to be used to support coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3, the Administrator shall make separate provisions in its budget proposals for the funding of funds administered by UNDP, which shall be subject to separate approval by the Executive Board.
It will transmit to its partners lessons learned and confirmed practices to ensure that their policies and programmes respond to the concerns of poor women, women affected and infected with HIV/AIDS, women in conflict and post-conflict situations and those otherwise excluded from participation in decisions affecting their lives and choices.
Therefore, this proposal is still not intended to reduce the collection rate to reflect interest income, which currently stands at approximately 2 per cent.
The maximum support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 was $7.3 million.
In order to allow a comparison with the changes in the volume of activities approved for the current budget period, the increase or decrease is expressed using the same coefficients used for the approval of appropriations.
Urban Secretariat
Burkina Faso reported that it had begun the ratification process.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter of 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report from Indonesia submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of items of which the Security Council is seized is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
Reforestation and afforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization resulted in a decline in State revenues as a result of a decline in tariffs and taxes, resulting in a reduction in public expenditure, especially in the social sector.
Clarification was sought on the joint Commission on Human Rights/WTO panel proposed by the independent expert; some delegations, stressing the need for human rights issues, including the right to development, to be discussed in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, expressed their support for the proposal.
At the same time, the above-mentioned delegations called for enhanced South-South cooperation, trade and regional integration.
One speaker expressed the view that the working group itself was already a follow-up mechanism and that there was a need to continue to review national studies and experiences and monitor the implementation of the outcomes of United Nations conferences.
In this context, the working group was of the view that States should, inter alia, endeavour to remove protectionist barriers to developing countries' exports and remove in some economic sectors subsidies that adversely affected their exports.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate this work, including by making recommendations, as appropriate.
The group asked the project manager on water treatment methodology, quantities of chlorine consumed annually, quantities of chlorine containing water, number of employees and entities providing chlorine.
It also stresses the importance of effective, responsible and predictable collaboration in this area.
Case studies
Once again, the use of the veto on 14 October prevented the adoption of a resolution that was considered by all to be balanced — a resolution that only called on Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by force and to consider the separation wall to be illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its one-year rolling leadership development programmes, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, has promoted leadership at the country level in a number of countries — Cambodia, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal, South Africa and Swaziland — as well as in the Caribbean region.
List of tables 10
Analysis and valuation 287 84
The written response of Iraq to this claim may be summarized as follows:
These include the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons Tests in the Atmosphere, Outer Space and Water (the Treaty on the Partial Test Ban on Nuclear Weapons), the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies (the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons), and the Treaty on the Prohibition of the Emplacement of Nuclear Weapons and on the Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies (NPT).
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and entered into force on 23 June 1961, established the first demilitarized zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had been unable to join the consensus on the draft resolution.
Iraq subsequently recognized that it had not paid attention to those changes.
I think that if we are honest, we have to admit that the end of the innocence has come, no one needs to go to them.
The final part presents the conclusions.
General implications: Development and poverty reduction can be achieved only if productivity gaps within and among countries are reduced through the mobilization of skills, know-how, technology and information in developing countries, resulting in equitable and sustainable development.
Therefore, institutional capacity-building, skills development and entrepreneurship promotion are also critical to the success and impact of UNIDO's technical cooperation programmes; in this context, a new approach is proposed for UNIDO's technical cooperation activities, which should enable a more focused and efficient use of the experience and know-how of UNIDO services provided under the eight modules.
The German-German Treaty on the Establishment of a Monetary, Economic and Social Union entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German-German Agreement on the preparation and organization throughout Germany of the first election to the Bundestag on 3 September 1990.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights are binding at the national level, as a result of the ratification of these instruments, but also because, under article 25 of the Basic Law, they have a superior authority to ordinary laws and directly create rights and obligations for inhabitants of the federal territory, to the extent that they may be interpreted as general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties have devoted a separate chapter to the issue of public participation (Australia, the Czech Republic, New Zealand, Sweden), but many have addressed the issue in another way, in relation to the participation of NGOs and policymakers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) or as a general principle (Italy).
Others consider participation to be public participation in the development of climate change plans, programmes and policies (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict, it is essential to maintain a minimum level of environmental cooperation to safeguard natural resources and prevent the health of people from being threatened and the environment from deteriorating on a sustainable basis.
In considering the construction of new sewage treatment facilities, the reuse of these waters should be provided.
The quality of waste dumped in the oreds, rivers and the Mediterranean in Gaza must conform to the most recent international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo II Agreement, the settlement in Ramat Hovav in Israel should be used.
Second performance report
Mr. Barriga (Liechtenstein) said that the past year had been a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including by improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as by introducing multilingualism and teaching of indigenous languages and cultures to promote better understanding among cultures.
Following the receipt of additional information and clarification, the Committee considered the matter at several formal and informal meetings, and a number of proposals were submitted by the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland respectively.
First, all individuals have a duty to help the public power, depending on their capacity, fully fulfil its fundamental role.
Rule 12
(g) It is important to ask special rapporteurs and representatives to carry out their mandated functions and not to address subjects beyond their competence.
The Committee is of the view that the special information programme on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has greatly contributed to informing the media and public opinion of the situation.
The Arabs have sought to achieve a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, which, as indicated in the Secretary-General's report, will remain a fundamental element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the cost of this first review conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by the States parties and States not parties to the Convention participating in it, in accordance with the appropriate United Nations scale.
(a) Recognized with concern the high proportion of General Service staff in the regional commissions in comparison with staff in the Professional and higher categories and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, as appropriate;
(c) The ratio of General Service staff to non-secretariat/professional and higher-level posts for all such offices, and hence the need for support capacity, is dependent on the local situation and the state of infrastructure and commercial development in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children died.
It is probably the first time since the missile crisis in Cuba that the peoples of the world take the measure of the two possible options for a crisis of this gravity; that is, a diplomatic settlement, thus peaceful, or a war, with its aftermath, the grave consequences for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
It is in the interests of the Iraqi people.
Thus, in two months of field work, it should be noted that, thanks to the cooperation of the Iraqi authorities, the inspectors had easy access to more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private residences.
Indigenous peoples and communities are not deprived of their means of subsistence or are driven from the lands they occupy, in violation of Convention No. 169.
They shall not take disciplinary or other measures against workers or other persons who have filed a complaint or claim that the company is not complying with the standards;
Thirdly, he stressed the need to be prepared to change his positions and to explore every possibility of finding a fair compromise.
Introduction
Greece Mr.
and
In accordance with the Instructions for the Registry (art.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Central African Republic, Algeria, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Chile, China, Comoros, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Djibouti, Egypt, Guyana, Gabon, Ghana, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Ukraine, Uganda, United Arab Emirates, Uzbekistan, Uzbekistan, Uzbekistan, Uzbekistan, Uzbekistan, Uzbekistan, Uzbekistan, Uzbekistan, Uzbekistan, Uzbekistan, Uzbekistan, Uzbekistan, Viet Nam, Uzbekistan, Cuba, Cuba, Democratic People's.
What Syria asks us — or anyone in this Hall — to listen to the voice of wisdom is a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
His delegation wished to know why the establishment of a Senior Management Service was a key element in the progress of major organizational reforms aimed at strengthening the international civil service (A/57/30, para.
The European Union supported the recommendation made by the Commission in its report (A/57/30) on the maximum admissible educational expenses and education grant in the countries and the monetary areas listed in paragraphs 141 (a) and (b) and the recommendation on the lump-sum reimbursement and additional reimbursement of boarding costs (para. 141) (c)).
All parties attended weekly meetings and responded promptly to the incidents.
The total bank deposits have increased steadily, increasing by 6 per cent over the past six months.
This time of history requires reflection, introduction and action.
Mexico believes that genuine reform must be based on five very specific guidelines.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration of developing countries and least developed countries in all regions has been gradually expanded to services.
Purpose and Objectives
However, where this amount is too high, it may act as a disincentive to the purpose of easy, economical and expeditious access to insolvency proceedings.
Excluding the estate the encumbered assets may generally increase the availability of credit, as secured creditors would be assured that their actual rights would not be affected by the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The assets of the debtor during that period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The desirability of measures to protect the value of the encumbered asset may have to be weighed against their potential complexity and costs, and the need for the court to be able to make difficult commercial decisions with respect to that protection.
Automatic termination clauses
In order to enhance the transparency of the insolvency regime, it is desirable that the limitations on the powers of the insolvency representative with respect to the types of contract discussed in this section be clearly stated in the law.
However, even if this approach is adopted, the insolvency representative may have to commence proceedings to recover assets or their equivalent value from the counterparty when the counterparty fails to return them.
As noted above, however, a total desalination may disrupt the enterprise and hamper its continued operation at a critical stage of its survival.
The following list is not intended to be exhaustive and, in some cases, functions will overlap or not be relevant due to the provisions of the insolvency law.
As a general rule, the committee will act on behalf of creditors: its functions will therefore be directly related to the general functions assigned to creditors, as mentioned above.
When a creditor committee is formed (and recruits professionals), this obligation can be fulfilled by requiring its members (and professionals) to sign confidentiality agreements.
Some of them provide general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan must give all parties sufficiently clear and precise notice of the financial position of the debtor and the changes in certain rights, or set minimum requirements, such as that the plan must provide for the payment of certain preferential claims.
In practice, this period may range from 10 to 45 days (see chap.
The recommendations concerning notification of commencement provide for the protection of the debtor by requiring notification of the application for commencement and by giving it an opportunity to rebut the presumption
For example, the ILO Convention on the Protection of Workers' Receivables in Insolvency of their Employers, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the setbacks in this area.
The programme is responsible for supporting the Economic and Social Council and the interaction between the Council and the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination.
On 6 December, the Chair circulated a draft presidential statement welcoming the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, the Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, Hédi Annabi, presented, in a private meeting with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force during the preceding six months (S/2002/1328).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained the required majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that it appoint Mr. Collen Vixen Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Narcisse Ahounou (Côte d'Ivoire) as members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in order.
Together Foundation is proud to provide effective electronic communication services that enable the G-77 to meet its growing information and communication needs.
It is a permanent forum in which institutions of higher education and their leaders can discuss important issues and problems in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002), seminar organized in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (approximately 100 participants);
Private sector fund-raising strategies
The social fabric shapes women and girls from vulnerable prey for sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, adult ex-combatants were the only people to be the focus of our attention.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations is disseminating a comprehensive training manual on gender and peacekeeping to peacekeeping missions and Member States.
More needs to be done in post-conflict and reconstruction situations.
The international community should take appropriate measures to provide relief and compensation.
Web sites President of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
For 12 years, Saddam Hussein has defied Security Council resolutions.
We are now in a rapid growth phase, supported by a strong research and development programme, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the relevant resolutions adopted by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the latest of which is resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
It is estimated that the one-week reduction in the duration of the annual sessions will result in a savings of $228,300 at full cost for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include guaranteeing the right to water without discrimination of any kind and require that measures to ensure its effective realization be systematic, concrete and targeted.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties and the Regional Bureau may, if necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information.
Add a new subparagraph (f) to read as follows:
“(a) Aerosolation falls under division 2.1 if the contents contain more than 85 per cent of the substance, of flammable components and if the chemical heat of combustion equals or exceeds 30 kJ/g;
“For UN 3175, the ethic test is not required when the liquid is fully absorbed into a solid itself contained in a sealed bag.
P903 Add the following paragraph after “Emps satisfactory at the test level of packing group II.
4.1.9.2.1 Replace "Indicators of type 1 (type IP-1)" with "Indicators of type 2 (type IP-2)" and "Indicators of type 3 (type IP-3)" with "P-1 type IP-1", "P-2" and "P-3 type IPC-3".
Paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.7.6 become 6.1.4.6 to 6.1.4.6 and 6.1.4.8 and 6.1.4.8.1 become 6.1.4.7 and 6.1.4.7.1, respectively.
6.2.2.6.3.3.3 Quality management
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kuenyehia pointed out that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women who were victims of trafficking were immediately deported from Switzerland and as a result, were no longer in Switzerland, they could not testify against the perpetrators.
By committing, with the support of the international community, to peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to establish NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without wishing to support the related evils of patrimonism, we can argue that it has been successfully used to ensure development and stability in other countries and regions.
While there has been a rise over the past two years, the amount remains far below the level of the 1990s.
The firm commitment of the international community, moving from words to action, and Africa's continued and responsible leadership, working in a sustained manner towards sustainable development on the continent, will help to ensure the full success of NEPAD.
It is the first legally binding international treaty on the trade in biotechnology products.
• Grounds for releases of organic pollutants and nutrients by ad hoc sources
Table 6
As indicated in the Secretary-General's latest report, in his 1999 review of the cooperation activities of the White Helmets Commission, the implementation of the White Helmets formula and the experience gained in that regard were noted.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the Chairman (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, becomes A/AC.268/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a member of the United Nations civilian staff who died in the service of peace, excluding those who died from natural causes or accidents, after the effective date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, trafficking by sea, law enforcement cooperation and training);
Rule 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that the officers of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs shall remain in office until their successors are elected and shall be eligible for re-election.
(c) The COP should conduct research on cooperative models in order to demonstrate how best it works and can be used in innovative ways, and how best to share best practices and experiences.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that had been prepared by the previous coordinator at the end of others expressed their preference for the proposal made by the member States of the Organization of the Islamic Conferenceb (OIC). All delegations took note of the important concessions already made on this subject.
Thus, there is the risk of duplication and overlap.
The family, which is the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for the flourishing and well-being of all its members, must be protected and receive the necessary assistance to enable it to assume all its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; killing, abduction, destruction and detention are the lot of these children who lack access to education and medical care.
Their current situation in the context of the Israeli occupation is far from a “world fit for children”.
We hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its wide range of activities will help to achieve the objectives of this draft resolution.
(a) To pay particular attention to the protection of refugee children, especially minors, and internally displaced children at risk of being abducted or forced to participate in armed conflicts;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
Child protection problems, especially sexual abuse and exploitation, were the major obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West and Central Africa reported that several countries in the region were in the process of drafting legislation that provided for more severe penalties for convicted traffickers.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (NGOs) has already been established.
UNICEF is developing two HIV/AIDS strategies.
Resources for this type of activity have already been included in the programme budget for the current biennium and under section 24, Human rights, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
The provision would cover the costs of 12 military advisers and liaison officers ($488,200); 8 civilian police advisers ($325,400); 1,159 international staff ($279,143 national staff and 737 local staff), reflecting an overall increase of 12 posts resulting from a net decrease of 27 international and 21 national staff travel and an increase of 60,000 local staff).
Review of the programme of work: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I should like to draw the attention of the members of the Council to the following documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letters dated 2 June and 24 July 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General; and S/2003/685 and S/2003/698, letters dated 2 July 2003 and 9 July 2003 respectively, from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations.
“I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Group of the States of the Islamic Conference at the United Nations, to request the Security Council to invite Mr. Ahmad Hajihosseini, Deputy Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, Chargé d'affaires a.i., to make a statement to the Council under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure during the Council's consideration of the item.”
But the effect is the same: annexation.
Fear is still very bad and is an artificial solution to the problems faced by Israel.
The Norwegian Foreign Minister will reiterate that unequivocal condemnation in his meeting with President Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of the Israeli security forces in the occupied territories and the excessive use of force against the innocent Palestinians are also causing them to despair.
However, the Commission also took note of the various views expressed in the Working Group regarding the form and scope of the instrument, its fundamental principles and some of its main characteristics.
The Working Group agreed to recommend to the Secretariat that it follow up on suggestions to broaden the scope of the study by also addressing the obstacles to electronic commerce that might arise from other instruments proposed for inclusion by other organizations, and that it consider with those organizations the modalities for carrying out the necessary studies, taking into account the constraints that the Secretariat might impose on its current workload.
Companies engaged in legitimate commercial activities should not fear disclosing their identity or place of business.
(i) To undertake a further reduction of non-strategic nuclear weapons that is transparent, verifiable and irreversible, based on unilateral initiatives and in the process of nuclear arms reduction and disarmament;
The international community must redouble its efforts to achieve universal adherence to the Non-Proliferation Treaty and ban any measures that would undermine its firm commitment to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The deputies of the State Duma state that when considering for ratification the documents to be submitted to them concerning Latvia's participation in the Agreement on Partnership and Cooperation between the Russian Federation, on the one hand, and the European and its member States, on the other, they will determine whether ratification is warranted as Latvia fulfils its obligations with regard to human rights and national minorities.
She would also like to know whether the Government was encouraging the formation of women's organizations.
Science and technology as the basis for sustainable forest management
Secondly, the knowledge gained from the case studies should be used to develop indicators for different stress factors that are both specific and scientifically sound.
Date and venue
The Chairman: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 have expressed the wish that the text be adopted by the Committee without a vote.
This simplified interface allows access not only to the database but also to other information available on the web site.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Policy coordination
Recognizing the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and in the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
Pilot projects had been approved for two of the Territories, and their implementation would be carefully studied to determine whether they could be implemented elsewhere.
The Supreme Council of the Judiciary shall elect, in addition to the candidates listed in article 3, paragraph 5, between two candidates whose names are also communicated to it by the Secretary-General, who shall serve as an international investigating judge and the alternate judge.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
KUFEC's claim for the Sidi El Kilani's development time 56 - 95 22
KAFCO valued Jet A-1 fuel at its replacement cost in May 1991, based on the average price of the quantities purchased.
The production profile used after that date is based on the annual production rate estimated in 1994, although actual production figures are now available.
Ms. Pham Thi Nga (Viet Nam) said, in explanation of her delegation's position, that the draft resolution lacked objectivity and did not reflect the progress made in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is strangely silent on the request of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the international community to establish an international criminal tribunal for its country with a view to ending violence and impunity.
Last November, Esther Gia, a mother of seven children, was shot dead during a terrorist attack in the same neighbourhood.
They are essential for a comprehensive settlement.
Since the international community has endorsed the road map agreed upon by the Israeli and Palestinian sides, its implementation requires genuine political will to achieve the final goal, namely, the two-State solution envisaged by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive signs that have recently indicated a revival of the political process, Israeli settlement policies and the continued construction of the separation wall run counter to all peace efforts.
The United Nations Charter reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while at the same time hurting terrorists on all sides, we must admit that one of the sources of this tragedy lies in the despair of some peoples, who are victims of the frustrations and intolerable injustices that are slow to be treated.
On the other hand, Iran has no nuclear weapons programme and does not intend to have it.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral use of military force, in violation of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage individual countries to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, the States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI, committed themselves to the Treaty.
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion strategy of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of these indictees may have died and others may never be arrested.
Moreover, following a October 2001 amendment, article 41 of the Constitution now defines the family as an entity based on equality of spouses.
The plan provides for the formation of village development committees that have at least one woman among their members and are responsible for the implementation of the project at the village level.
We are ready to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal to ensure that these trials take place.
With regard to the question posed by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and rapid transfer would allow cases to be completed in a timely manner, as the President said, the judicial process was not easily predictable.
Subregional level
Therefore, the solutions to prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes require the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, first and foremost nuclear weapons.
In the area of export competition, it was proposed to reduce export subsidies and credits, but without a specific target or time frame.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment by the Community of the Women's Business Network, which aims to empower women, including by facilitating their access to credit and to commercial and technical training;
Such a project is under way in the mountains of Central Asia.
Identification
Contents
Some participants stressed the need to explore the possibility of establishing an international stabilization fund that would play the role of an insurance mechanism to assist in dealing with losses arising from the application of response measures.
Recognizing the importance of collaboration among the sponsoring agencies of the Global Climate Observing System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty be abolished from the criminal sanctions legislation of both Republics and explicitly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish an open-ended working group to consider ways to improve the predictability of funding.
In particular, reference was made to the proposed provision on the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions would cause considerable material and financial damage to third States.
It would be desirable to temporarily suspend sanctions in the event of extraordinary or force majeure (natural disasters, threats of famine, widespread disturbances leading to disruption of the administration of the country), in order to prevent a humanitarian disaster.
Accordingly, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered on a case-by-case basis.
The sponsor delegation, in turn, proposed the following wording: “Temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergency situations and in cases of force majeure in order to prevent a humanitarian disaster, and should be decided on a case-by-case basis.” With regard to this suggestion, the view was expressed that it did not adequately address the idea that such a provision might not be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already provided for in the sanctions regime.
It was further noted that the last principle (section 5 above) raised an important issue of codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the International Law Commission to consider it and for the Sixth Committee to discuss it.
Transparency will remain the feature of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
As a result, despite the slight change recommended by the Group of Governmental Experts this year, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States have remained unchanged; they believe that the scope of the Register should be expanded, particularly since the experience of past years has shown that the Register, which is limited to seven categories of conventional arms, will not attract universal participation.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help strengthen our gains in the rule of law.
My delegation believes that this is a historic opportunity, as this is the first time that the Republic of San Marino is addressing the Security Council.
Further decides that the Bureau of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee shall consist of five representatives of Member States elected on the basis of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors raised several points concerning the liquidation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1n), para.
Please indicate, if any, how your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and conclusion
Source: Hague Conference, Convention No. 2 (available at www.hcch.net/f/conventions/text02e.html).
The obstacles to women's full participation in political life are rather rooted in traditional attitudes in society; there is indeed some resistance on the part of men to women's role in decision-making.
The trial of another Kosovo Serb accused of being the instigator of the April riots in Mitrovica began on 22 November.
Research activities using rocket-propellant rockets, as well as ESA space missions, are designed and carried out in Esrange by the research teams in the fields of plasma physics, astronomy, atmospheric chemistry and materials science.
UNCTAD's work in the area of trade and development was not intended to duplicate the work of other organizations, but to examine the relationship between trade and development in an objective and integrated manner from a development perspective, in order to facilitate and strengthen ongoing processes and negotiations in other forums.
The pilot phase had already enhanced the capacity of the Somali disarmament, demobilization and reintegration institutions.
Target audience: All reviewers.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the Council at its seventh session on the action taken to implement this decision.
“ Villagers”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those unable to protect is your responsibility.
The Commission on Human Rights must play a key role in the process of improving the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other relevant entities, both public and private, as well as multilateral agencies, to continue to contribute, on a voluntary basis or as appropriate in accordance with their mandates, to activities related to the formulation and implementation of action programmes to combat desertification in all affected regions;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that resolving the matter at a meeting of the expanded bureau seemed to be a solution, since the views expressed by the expanded bureau, meeting informally, would not necessarily reflect those of the Committee as a whole.
(iv) All known and projected expenditures relating to the representative duly authorized by the Secretary-General to serve on the International Advisory and Monitoring Board for the six-month period defined above, after which such costs will be borne by the United Nations;
Its action against terrorism using weapons of mass destruction will also be in line with the three-step programme framework of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee, which will result in the establishment of the necessary legal framework for counter-terrorism, followed by the strengthening of the executive machinery for law enforcement and the further development of international counter-terrorism cooperation.
Its production base remains narrow and diverse.
Despite the glimmer of hope for a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been the scene of armed clashes in other phases and periods that have had profound implications and repercussions for the peace efforts that Egypt has made with objectivity and clear determination, seizing every opportunity to achieve a just and comprehensive peace for the countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also encourages States to take all appropriate measures to protect the cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the lack of effective flag State control exposes the maritime sector to offenders engaged in arms smuggling and trafficking in drugs and diamonds, etc.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
In time of war, by the territorial courts of the armed forces and by military courts to the armed forces.”
Participants were 115 in 59 countries, including representatives of government agencies, international organizations, consumer organizations, and trade and industry.
The TEMPORARY PRESIDENT said that he had been honoured to chair the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Board, which had coincided with a period where, after four years of reform, the Organization enjoyed greater stability.
Ghana, despite financial constraints, has undertaken to meet its financial obligations to the Organization.
Venue of regular sessions
If the President ceases to be a representative of a member of the Governing Council or is unable to perform his or her functions, or if the member State of which he or she is a representative ceases to be a member of the Governing Council, the Bureau shall designate one of the Vice-Presidents as Acting President until a new President has been elected by the Governing Council.
The role of poverty and its impact on the population as a whole were highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
Appreciation was expressed for the abolition of 57 outputs and the streamlining of publications.
The Committee recommended the dissolution of the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus, as long ago it cannot agree on how to implement its programme of work and is unable to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that UNHCR's proposed programme budget was presented as a grant to simplify the link between OHCHR and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35 (Development Account) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The strategy of subprogramme 2 should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and the related conclusions be presented to the Commission on the Status of Women for its consideration and possible action.
The documents before the Working Group are listed in annex II.
A minority representative recommended autonomy for the Ogoni people in a specific area of Nigerian territory, explaining that this would promote socio-economic development and the full participation of the Ogonis in resource control.
The term “new minorities” has not been accepted by all, and its use requires more in-depth discussion and reflection.
Training courses for minorities to learn to benefit from human rights mechanisms and the development agenda should be encouraged.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
There seems to be a need for a new consensus on the issue of the role of the public sector in the field of energy for sustainable development (for example, setting the objectives of public policies, setting priorities and guiding markets), bearing in mind that market forces alone will not suffice to address the energy poverty of developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
At present, the approach could be described as “process”: some provisions of the Convention have been transformed into specific laws.
(c) The two C-160, Turkish military aircraft coming from the FIR of Ankara entered the Nicosia FIR, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the occupied area of Cape Apostolos Andreas before exiting towards the east, from where they returned in the opposite direction.
Long-term developments and political will must be seen.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and most recently Liberia, demonstrate the full success of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes in emergency situations, of increasingly complex peace operations, involving multiple partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Moreno Ocampo, came to our Geneva office to discuss possible areas of collaboration with us.
These words are the best tribute to the work of MONUC.
Mr. Pujalte (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): At the outset, I would like to thank your delegation for having included such an important issue as human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the Council's agenda.
An ecosystem approach involves expanding the functions and processes involved in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
Intergovernmental Panel on Forests process
(iii) Possible actions to reduce risks, particularly political risks, faced by investors engaged in sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
Nor did the United States do so when it offered money to Iranian nationals after United States missiles shot down an Iranian commercial aircraft over Iran.
Attracting students to knowledge management, particularly those relating to accounting
(b) Systems analysis and design techniques (This item, which covers computer-related issues, is addressed in module 3.6.
The Israeli Government is headed by a notorious terrorist, Ariel Sharon, who, according to two officers who participated in the Kafr Qassem massacre in 1956, ordered the burning of Palestinian children to their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General, in preparing the budget for conference services, to ensure that the overall requirements for temporary assistance are met on the basis of current experience;
Paragraph 2 would be very close to the current paragraph of model provision 32 and would therefore read as follows: “Any expropriation of land that may be required for the execution of the project shall be carried out in accordance with ...”; it would be followed by language currently in square brackets in paragraph 2 of model provision 32, possibly with reference to regulatory easements.
Perhaps a second term could be added to the French version.
Model provision 33, as amended, is approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY] Annex II
(f) That, as proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of their liberty shall be released in a manner that allows for valid verification that they have actually been released and, moreover, that they have been released under conditions that guarantee their physical integrity and the opportunity to assert their rights;
The study revealed that the way in which the Secretariat's administrative services operate does not make full use of the opportunities offered by technology or to adopt the most modern practices like other organizations.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to the request contained in resolution 57/110 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General for Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, with a view to conducting a transition to a civilian regime, and to ensure that both have full and free access to Myanmar and that all persons cooperating with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are not subjected to any form of intimidation, harassment or repression;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/... of ... April 2003, endorses the decision of the Commission to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur, as set out in Commission resolution 1992/58 of 3 March 1992, for a further year, and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session and to report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.”
• Serious consideration should be given to dismantling large State-owned mining companies such as Gécamines and MIBA (MAM).
Expresses its appreciation to those Governments that have made additional contributions to establish and strengthen national human rights institutions;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;1
The unutilized balance was attributable mainly to the decision not to buy new major generators, as the generators available were repaired through reserve spare parts and were sufficient to supply electricity.
Recalling that the relevant United Nations human rights instruments and global plans and programmes of action call for the widest possible protection and assistance to the family, and that the family is diverse in different cultural, political and social systems,
The Voorburg Group addressed the issues of the identification of suppliers and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its leading role in the budgetary process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, by which, inter alia, it advises the Programme for the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and the management of the resources of the Programme on the basis of priorities established by Member States;
Capacity developed through: support to organizational and planning entities (public and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support to legislative formulation and implementation; inter-ministerial coordination; research and training capacity on development issues, etc.
Specific discussions were held on those items, and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its six-hour mission and returned to the Qasr Ninawa Hotel in Mosul.
The National Monitoring Directorate informed him of the appointment and encouraged him to attend the meeting.
The importance of broadband services as an engine for economic and social development should be recognized;
]
(b) The solicitation or acceptance, directly or indirectly, of an undue advantage, for any person who directs or works for any private sector entity, in order to perform or abstain from performing any act and thereby breach its duties [in relation to an economic, financial or commercial transaction, which causes damage to the private sector].
[(j) Identifying, freezing and tracing funds of illicit origin derived from acts of corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties shall prepare a questionnaire for the purpose of collecting information on the implementation of the Convention.
Those delegations were of the view that it would also be important to ensure that the Convention-based system took into account existing regional mechanisms and sought to avoid unnecessary duplication.
Text taken from the proposal submitted by Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (7 out of 32) presented a “without action” projection.
For this year, a projection is provided for agriculture but not for energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases in their degree of difficulty by allocating more resources to the most complex cases;
Agenda item 84
At the same time, thematic meetings of treaty bodies should be encouraged, which contribute to improving and making more transparent the protection of human rights in a specific area.
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate it to the Third Committee.
In the face of the resolve of the non-nuclear-weapon States, the nuclear-weapon States must show that they are making tangible progress towards nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that planted forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and adversely affect the rights and livelihoods of local populations (a practice strongly discouraged at the Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General of 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations contained therein, endorses the proposal of the Secretary-General that an electoral unit be established within UNAMA, and encourages Member States to support United Nations electoral activities in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter of 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report from Spain submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It promotes TCDC in policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador has five women ambassadors, compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Montalvo (Ecuador) said that the most important legislative amendment had been the revision of the Family Code, which had passed to Congress on first reading and was awaiting a second reading.
Resolution 1456 (2003)
Executive Order No. 336, reconstitution the National Commission of Action against Air Piracy and Terrorism as the National Civil Aviation Security Council.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The fruitful exchange of views followed enabled delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
AFUR African Utilities Regulators
MMA Mauritius Marine Authority
However, it may be necessary in some cases to take into account various factors, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of an agreement governing its relations with the State concerned.
OHCHR looks forward to the generosity of donors, particularly donor Governments, to meet these needs.
The essential task remains to correct the effects of past violence and to remedy current violations while developing national capacities to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Statistical capacity-building;
The first results of the Community's work point to a rich potential for cooperation between the Community and the Universal International Organization, based on the principles of partnership, participation and complementarity of efforts.
29B.24 Programme planning and budget preparation are the responsibility of the Programme Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in that regard.
Based on these contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the INSTRAW Trust Fund as at 31 December 2003 would amount to $735,600.
Request for hearing
Alternative A
The definition of “electronic signature” corresponds to the definition of the same term in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valenta1-603; tel. 1 (212) 963 9684 or 963-9196).
With the exception of sales publications and public information material, hyperlinked official documents listed hereunder may be accessed through the Official Document System of the United Nations in the electronic version of the present Journal.
Ltd. (Sudan); LXO = Luxor Air (Egypt); NL = LoneStar Airways (affirmed by the Government of Liberia); Relief = Relief Services Ltd (United Kingdom).
Smuggling still accounts for more than 50 per cent of trade.
Illegal looting and withdrawals by the starving security forces, extortion and other bribes undermine any prospect of economic stabilization and can only discourage capital inflows by foreign private investors.
The United Nations should play a more active role in the negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearance of gendarmes would, according to the testimonies collected, be pure desertion.
The prevalence of HIV/AIDS is increasing and children account for 7 per cent of the infected population.
However, there is a need for country offices to make better the lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction - goals and objectives
Press conferences
The status of ratification of the conventions and the information received on the implementation of the action programmes were among the key indicators of progress in the fight against slavery and slavery-like practices.
The observer for UNICEF outlined the work of UNICEF in the area of child protection.
Calls upon United Nations bodies and agencies to develop and implement codes of conduct prohibiting all forms of sexual exploitation by United Nations personnel, service providers and humanitarian workers, and invites non-governmental organizations to do likewise in their field of competence;
Invites States and relevant non-governmental organizations to undertake research to increase understanding of the diversion of certain ritual practices with a view to intimidating trafficked women and girls;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African Ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the 1990 session on the improvement and efficiency of its operation (CD/1036), the Conference invited the following non-member States to participate in its work: Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Costa Rica, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Georgia, Ghana, Greece, Jordan, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malta, Monaco, Nepal, Oman, Philippines, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Sudan, South Africa, Sudan, Sudan, Sudan, Sudan, Thailand, Sudan, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Sudan, Sudan, Sudan, Thailand, Sudan, Sudan, Sudan, Syrian Arab Jamahiriya, Syrian Arab Jamahiriya, Syrian Arab Jamahiriya, Sudan, Sudan, Thailand, Thailand, Sudan, Sudan, Sudan, Thailand, Sudan, Sudan, Sudan, Sudan, Sudan, Thailand, Thailand, Sudan, Sudan, Thailand, Sudan, Sudan, Sudan, Thailand, Thailand, Sudan, Sudan, Sudan, Syrian Arab Jamahiriya, Sudan, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic
I hope that the Ministers will call for accelerated action on all these vital security issues.
There is growing concern about the possible links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.5, A/58/375, A/57/786, A/58/600 and A/58/610)); 120 and 121 (Programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005: administrative costs of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (A/58/214 and Corr.1);
Encourages countries to submit, on a voluntary basis, national reports to the review session of the Commission, in particular, highlighting concrete progress in the implementation, including achievements, challenges and opportunities;
(d) To strive for a better and more balanced representation of major groups in all regions in the Commission;
The issue of trade-distorting agricultural subsidies was raised and considered to be a serious obstacle to achieving the goals of sustainable development.
(b) In 2004-2005, the additional activities to be undertaken include an assessment, assessment and analysis of progress made in achieving the objectives; the identification of problems and obstacles encountered, as well as opportunities, the use of lessons learned, including the coordination of information received from various sources and capacity-building activities during the sessions of the Commission; the establishment and management of a transparent information and communication system; and a summary of information provided to the Commission.
This assistance has resulted in the development of training materials, the training of trainers and senior officials, and technical and financial support for the organization of training sessions by Cambodian trainers.
The total net amount - excluding the amount of USD 251,432.04 for interest and the amount of USD 172,784.51 for claim preparation costs - claimed for the 380 claims in part one of the sixteenth instalment to which the Panel has decided amounted to USD 479,190,427.82.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and implemented within the framework of international cooperation, will aim to ensure that regional initiatives by various agencies or groups of agencies produce a synergistic effect.
The Fifth Committee, having considered the statement of programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General3 and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,4 decides to inform the General Assembly that, should it adopt draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.1/Rev.1, the appropriation of $1,375,600, as indicated below, would be required for the biennium 2004-2005 under section 2, Central affairs of the General Assembly and section 1, Disarmament
As part of its shelter programme, the Government immediately provides shelter, food aid and language services for all returnees, both men and women, and tries to find work, thus making a number of services available to this vulnerable group.
Within the framework of international cooperation, the Government is undertaking a comprehensive overhaul of its statistics and census centre with the aim of improving the data collected and updated and allowing for disaggregation by sex.
There is a growing literature on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and more and more practical examples of this contribution.
See for example Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraph 5, and CESCR General Comment No. 14, paragraph 3.
Are there any need to reduce duplication in the work of the Committee and those of international organizations?
Local Governments, which are responsible under the Local Government Act, annex II, for addressing the issue of vulnerable children, need to develop their potential more pragmatic;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of trends in net resource transfers to and from developing countries.
It was important to continue the dialogue that had begun in Johannesburg on the issue of debt swaps for environmental investment and sustainable development.
There have been cases in the past where meetings of States parties have been considerably delayed or cancelled due to a lack of quorum.
On Human Rights Day, the New York Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organizes several activities to celebrate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the Vienna World Conference on Human Rights and the award of human rights prizes.
The view was expressed that efforts should be made to avoid this problem when the provisions of chapter 8 were considered in the light of existing instruments on electronic commerce.
He reiterated that P&I Clubs supported the application of the instrument to door-to-door transport and stated that, while difficulties could arise both with a limited network system and with a uniform system, it should be noted that the transport industry had, to a large extent, adopted a network system for multimodal transport, including in the UNCTAD/ITC Rules and the COMBICON transport letter.
In response to a question as to why the draft instrument should apply a default rule in the case of “non-localized damage”, it was reiterated that the bulk of the question was to ensure that the liability regime for such damage was predictable and secure.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
There will be a briefing on the Secretary-General's Youth Employment Network, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Youth Employment Network Secretariat, the World Bank and ILO, today, 30 September 2003, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
Compared to the posts approved as at 30 June 2003, the staffing of 223 international staff (1 ASG, 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-4, 74 P-3, 13 P-2/1, 29 Field Service and 74 General Service (Other level)), 537 national staff, including 25 Professional staff, and 207 United Nations Volunteers.
The Secretary would be assisted by a secretary (General Service (Other level)) and a driver (national staff).
Ms. Shin questioned the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission on Women's Issues, the Federal Bureau for Equality between Women and Men and the Swiss Conference of Gender Equality Delegates, and expressed concern at the relative lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Bureau.
3, let.
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint programme of work with the IAEA to develop a standard by applying the IAEA's safety standard development process with the appropriate participation of experts from the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with IAEA and the Committee's reporting procedures and mechanisms.
Option 3
To our great regret, the United Nations Secretariat has taken no steps to redeploy United Nations observers to the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait so that they can carry out the tasks assigned to them by Security Council resolutions.
Primary health care is also tragically inappropriate in many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations have suffered setbacks.
Among them, the National Women's Forum provides a forum for continuous, multi-stakeholder and representative dialogue and dialogue, enabling women's organizations to participate in the formulation, negotiation and guidance of national policies for the full development of women, in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat has established guidelines for the legalization of such groups, the training of their members in social organization and the strengthening of leadership, self-esteem and human rights in the departments of Chiquimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
Women's Health Week.
Such collaboration could begin with the holding of an international symposium to study the different aspects of commercial fraud and where different interested parties could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the following non-governmental organization requesting consultative status with UNIDO: World Federation of Free Zones (GEFZA).
The letter also expressed the hope that the authorities would seriously consider the adoption of such measures and shed light on the microphone incident.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the action teams that might be taken into account in preparing the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to circulate to the chairpersons of the action teams a model for their contribution to the report of the Committee.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They further noted that the African Union was born of the shared vision of a united and strong Africa that would enable the African continent to meet the multiple challenges that the continent and its populations must face in the light of the social, economic and political transformations taking place throughout the world.
They stressed that these institutions must resist the efforts of some countries that use such conditionalities to defend their own interests.
They called upon donor countries to increase their contributions to appeals for humanitarian assistance commensurate with the needs of affected populations, without being influenced by the level of media interest, or by the geographical position of the location of the emergency that requires the provision of humanitarian assistance.
The investigations carried out so far in Tunisia indicate that no Tunisian banking institution or trading operator has any funds, financial assets or resources belonging to individuals or entities listed above.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordinating body should be designated within the United Nations system to provide support in this area, and the United Nations regional commissions should include specific activities,
Convinced that responsibility for road safety rests with local, municipal and national governments,
Thematic discussion (theme to be decided on the basis of consultations conducted by the Bureau of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The proposed amendment to the Money-Laundering Act, which makes terrorist acts punishable by the Criminal Code as offences under the Act, will enable the Anti-Money-Laundering Office to freeze without delay the funds or financial assets of persons or organizations accused of terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is reviewed periodically on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations to the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization Dalate County Reclamation and the Ushen County Reforestation Section will host the seminar.
It should ultimately contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations for sustainable land management and eventually lead to qualitative and quantitative improvements in arable land and increased agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and plans of action and in their educational and cultural policies the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, indigenous customs and ceremonies, their histories, cosmos vision, philosophy and values.
The mentality of the cold war and the role of nuclear weapons in the doctrines of the nuclear-weapon States, the current impasse in the Conference on Disarmament, the lack of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and especially the increased risk of the use of nuclear weapons, have created a precarious situation that makes non-nuclear-weapon States absolutely in need of negative security assurances.
Participated in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Women Judges, Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Therefore, they must be secured by a number of provisions, namely:
- Imposition to intellectual property rights;
We cannot afford to leave the inactive Conference or allow it to be engulfed because of the obstacles that must be overcome or because our feeling of helplessness gives us a chance to get down.
In developing the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team engaged in a dialogue with local leaders and military units throughout the country.
These officers have effectively ensured the integration of the rights and protection of children in peacekeeping missions.
However, if a staff member is reappointed by an organization applying the United Nations common system less than 12 months after separation from service, any amount to which he or she may be entitled at the end of his or her re-recruitment under the termination of the termination indemnity, repatriation grant or payment of accrued annual leave shall be adjusted so that the number of months, weeks or salary days of such payment shall not exceed the number of months, weeks or days paid.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council in particular, must act together at this critical juncture to prevent a humanitarian disaster in Iraq.
Therefore, only claims for instalments completed on or after 2 May 1990 fall within the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only the amounts relating to the compensable period may be compensated.
The “E2” Panel has defined the scope of military operations and the concept of the threat of military action for the different locations and dates of the losses reported in the claims before it, in order to delimit the compensable area and the compensable period (“compensable area”).
Canada accepted the Presidency for a period of one year beginning on 1 January 2004, after the end of South Africa's mandate on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will take stock of best practices from recent planning activities and lessons learned to determine whether they could be applied to future operations.
Should a new operation be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be able to deploy it more rapidly than in the past, through the strengthening of the United Nations Logistics Base and the new arrangements for civilian support staff on standby (as described in sub-items 3 and 4 below).
The maximum deployment period for the rapid deployment team will be 90 days, after which they will return to their original duty stations.
An interactive training CD-ROM entitled “D Stress Management” was recently completed and distributed to field missions on an experimental basis in December 2002.
Mission training has been strengthened through the establishment of training cells in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET, as well as the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply conscious of the need for a single code of conduct for all personnel assigned to peacekeeping missions, whether military, civilian or civilian, although the disciplinary procedures vary according to the categories of personnel.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and the Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, the former Yugoslavia.
Commitment and cooperation are required at the national and international levels to address them.
The lessons learned from the ongoing pilot projects show that it is crucial to identify productive activities for which there is a potential demand, with low start-up costs and which require skills that persons with disabilities may acquire.
Thus, there is a growing tension between vulnerability on the one hand and independence on the other — when a previously independent person is facing the new need to receive care and depend on others.
After considering informative and interesting case studies, one participant stressed the need to strike a balance between self-regulation and public regulation in order to promote genuine transparency.
The search for a structure in which developed and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered necessary by several participants and it was noted that ISAR could play this role.
New York University Stern School of Business
University of Strathclyde
United Nations Decade of Education for Sustainable Development
In accordance with article 15, the deficiencies identified were reported to the claimants to address them.
In the case of a claim, the Panel has ascertained that the goods were delivered in Iraq by the claimant, but was unable to determine precisely whether the goods were delivered shortly before or after the date on which the trade embargo imposed by Security Council resolution 661 (1990) became effective on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries paid between August 1990 and April 1991 to employees reduced to inactivity as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur appreciated the support provided by a number of United Nations agencies in the preparation of the study.
Similly, only 4 to 7 per cent of these enterprises are headed by women.
- Leaders and officials of businesses, institutions and organizations, and all other persons involved in terrorist activities, in particular by financing terrorists or terrorist groups or organizations, by providing or pooling funds for the commission of terrorist or related offences or by conducting transactions involving funds or other financial assets;
- It signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified it on 12 September 2002, stating that it exercises jurisdiction over the offences set forth in article 2 of the Convention in the cases provided for in article 7 (2) of the Convention;
This law, which is not retrospective, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Internal Revenue Code in effect as at 31 December 2000.
The CF and its members play a central role, individually and collectively, in assisting the GM in fulfilling its mandate, as defined in Article 21, paragraph 4, of the Convention, but the prevailing feeling among the stakeholders consulted, including the members of the CF, is that the GM has not yet fully discharged its role, having so far adopted a wait-and-see approach.
Finding a niche for the Global Mechanism
The curfews continue, but are not as stringent as in 2002.
The Bishkek meeting, held on 9 and 10 July 1998, brought together experts from the nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention are guaranteed in a constitution or other laws and, if so, to what extent; or, if not, whether these provisions may be invoked before and whether the courts, tribunals and administrative authorities can give effect to them;
(a) Seven members selected by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Control from among the candidates nominated by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, with due regard to the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded from voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution must be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the African Group, and on behalf of the other sponsors, to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti”, which provides an overview of the continuing special economic assistance needs of that country.
With regard to the proportion of vacancies, it was true that it should not improve significantly in view of the gradual reduction of activities.
The billing system for defence counsel services is another source of abuse.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its 2002 session;
This figure is significantly lower than in 2001, partly due to the increase in security concerns arising from the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001, which led some major resettlement countries to temporarily restrict admission to their territory.
In 1998, many evidence was submitted to FBI on this case.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures resulting from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;6
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical investigation — the Government's assessment that an investigation was necessary to obtain a clear picture of the situation before taking the necessary measures — assesses the level of awareness of the issue in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group by providing information or clarification.
For example, Brazilian law enforcement officers had been trained at the Regional Intelligence Training School for Drug Control in the Andean Community in Lima.
(9) The proposed regulations also impose restrictions on listed equipment services and brokering activities.
To this end, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries of equipment and products that could be used for torture or to inflict capital punishment or other cruel, degrading or inhuman treatment.
With regard to the specific cases mentioned in the report, it was reported that imposing the wearing of wers for long periods of time, either in the case of transfer from a prison or as a sanction, constitutes a violation of the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (rules 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The texts of the laws cited in this extract are available on the website at: http://www.admin.ch/ch/f/rs/rs.html (23 October 2002).
Under this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of evidence provided by a member of the Garda Síochána with at least rank of commissioner, that a person holds or controls funds that are or may be used to commit a terrorist offence or to finance terrorism, or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, it shall order an application unless the defendant or any other person has established to its satisfaction that the funds were used.
The “terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Decision, i.e., the structured association of more than two persons, established over time and acting in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
European economic space, Swiss nationals and their dependants
Following a request submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom in October 2002, for the Overseas Territories of the Caribbean to provide detailed information on all their owners of savings accounts by 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, Caribbean States members of the Organization of American States decided to consolidate the training of specialized social workers, particularly in drug abuse.
The Caribbean small island developing States have been somewhat armed to cope with both phenomena and climate variability.
• Identify multinational biological resources and define land and marine protected areas
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory from being used to plan, organize, execute or participate in terrorist crimes, prevent terrorist elements, whether individually or in groups, infiltrate or establish themselves in its territory and must not harbour, harbour, finance or allow them to travel to other States.
Some regions north and south of the African malaria belt, as well as some mountain regions in many countries, are threatened by a malaria epidemic.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors for their valuable support to the library.
(b) Developing the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt-rich crusts, including applicable standards for the protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Recognizing that at the dawn of the twenty-first century the world is experiencing historic and far-reaching transformations in which forces of aggressive nationalism and religious and ethnic extremism continue to pose new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of the functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the International Labour Organization Administrative Tribunal should continue, since the current disparities make it easier for some international staff to bring cases before an administrative tribunal.
For its part, the administration should respond to requests for review by the organs of the administration of justice, an obligation that is often lacking.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Goicochea (Cuba) said that it was to avoid breaking the consensus that her delegation had accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouheddou (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years later, adopted in Rome on 13 June 2002,
This summary was prepared after consultation with other members of the Council.
Aid and guiding principles
It continued to welcome the development of democracy in the Republic of China on Taiwan and hoped that the Chinese people, both sides of the Taiwan Strait, would resolve their differences peacefully.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that item 167 should be included in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
d November 2002 exchange rate.
That supported the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at increasing awareness among policy makers and the general public of the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development by building on the achievements of space research; enhancing the use of space-related systems and services by the United Nations system and the private sector; and improving the management of the Earth's natural resources.
Viet Nam is committed to building a strong nation and a prosperous, equitable and democratic society, placing the human being at the centre of its economic and social policies.
After plundering the wealth of developing countries, the former colonial Powers are now responsible for the deaths of 10 children every 7 seconds.
Unfortunately, the occupation authorities have prohibited the Turkish Cypriots from benefiting from these benefits while limiting the freedom of expression of the supporters of a reunified Cyprus, issued by the occupying forces.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are enshrined in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Round table on microcredit
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power in most forest workers severely hampers the impact of retreating the most disadvantaged workers.
These activities are expected to speed up the discovery of new drugs and vaccines.
For several years now, the Conference on Disarmament has not done any substantive work.
From the perspective of refugee protection, which is part of a whole, to be important, the first challenge is to address the concerns of States in order to take account of refugee protection.
National asylum legislation and decision-making bodies that implement these obligations in a fair and effective manner are the following steps.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with appreciation the work done, under the guidance of Member States, by the 12 action teams established by the Committee at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and urged Member States to fully support the action teams in the conduct of their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, it should be noted that the Organization of American States has proposed that the follow-up meeting at the 6 March meeting be held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully subscribes to the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
The more we are doing it, the more we see that we have yet to do so.
Does this not mean terrorism by definition?
(a) The replacement of one or more officials responsible;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and as elaborated in the major human rights instruments (International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Convention on the Rights of the Child, and Convention against Torture).
A vote was taken by show of hands.
First, emphasis is placed on the quality and availability of health services.
There are 28,523 women (9.3%) out of 143 teachers.
Some reproductive health goals included in the Ninth Plan and the Second Long-term Health Plan are presented below (table 8).
Therefore, the population is informed and educated up to the level of families on women's health in order to encourage the use of health services through information, education and communication programmes (IEC), with the assistance of the media, women's voluntary health workers and health workers.
All formal credit institutions require tangible guarantees for lending.
SAARC summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity in all its history has never faced such a challenge.
Liechtenstein welcomes this development and participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking in persons and smuggling of migrants.
In Cambodia, the joint efforts of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including people living with HIV/AIDS, have attracted attention and have been recognized by the international community as a result of their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, production, acquisition, transfer, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, in order to justify their opposition to the elaboration of a remote sensing convention, suggest that resolution 41/65 is still a useful instrument, since it emphasizes two principles that they consider to be priority:
Rape has been used with impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terrorize the enemy population.
Ten years ago, violence against women was a completely neglected issue.
States should implement General Assembly resolution 57/179 on measures to eliminate crimes against women committed in the name of honour and on the intensification of efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes through legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur encourages the establishment of a post of mediator or other monitoring and discipline mechanism in all peace support operations.
This chapter outlines the obligations that international human rights law confers on transnational corporations in respect of the right to food.
These are clear violations of the right to food, as well as the deliberate destruction of schools and health facilities in many regions, constitute a clear violation of the rights to education and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 2003)1
While the situation in the Georgian economy had improved somewhat in recent years, it remained extremely concerned, with a heavy external debt and a real unemployment rate of over 12 per cent (official figure).
Accordingly, they doubted that Georgia's non-payment of the amount required under Article 19 and even less its non-compliance with its obligations under the three previous payment plans was due to circumstances beyond its control.
The Global Programme against Money-Laundering participated in an assessment of offshore financial activities in the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 12 to 22 November 2002.
Actions planned for 2003 and beyond include: improving national capacities for health and family life planning, strategic planning and support for the adolescent and youth component of the national HIV/AIDS strategy and promoting a rights-based approach to support orphans;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and took note with appreciation of the report of the Working Group on the work of its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This is the result of your abilities and effectiveness — qualities you have displayed throughout your diplomatic career, both at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and here at the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has endeavoured over the years to increase the focus on TCDC in its programme of work by using both its regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Brunei Police Force, in close cooperation and coordination with other national law enforcement agencies, works with States in the region where the exchange of information and other operations can be conducted under similar conditions.
Since the negotiations on this international instrument were concluded at the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, my delegation has the honour to request that item 108 of the agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “Crime prevention and criminal justice”, be also considered in plenary meeting, and only for the adoption of the draft United Nations Convention against Corruption at the appropriate time.
to the Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Renewing the United Nations: a programme for reform”;
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125]8.
Progressive development of the principles and norms of international law relating to the new international economic order [D.150].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group had resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002, and had again addressed general issues concerning the scope of the draft convention (see A/CN.9/527, para.
Paragraph (2)
Norway broadly supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
The clarity with which they are part of the efforts of African countries and the support of the international community and the United Nations system make it easier to understand the gravity of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is essential and urgent.
This would also be consistent with the interests of the majority of Member States, which lack adequate staffing resources to review all the activities of the United Nations in detail.
The first biennial consolidated report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16) informed the Commission on Narcotic Drugs of the decline in global opium production, from about 20,000 tons per year in the early twentieth century to less than one third of that volume in 2000.
Africa provided 24 replies (21.4 per cent), the Americas 20 (17.9 per cent), Asia 32 (28.6 per cent), Europe 34 (30 per cent) and Oceania 2 (1.8 per cent).
Financing of alternative development and eradication programmes for illicit drug production and mobilizing resources for that purpose
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
This is indeed a situation where everyone is losing. In his report, the Secretary-General explains why, in his opinion, this opportunity has been missed, so I will not dwell on it.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory has 14 public primary schools and four public secondary schools.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative of section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries rely mainly on PRSPs.
The border is therefore already determined, further reinforced by Security Council resolution 1507 (2003), which calls on both parties to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The positions reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal structures of Lipljan (Pristina region) remained vacant, with no qualified candidates present.
The representatives of the Kosovo Serbs in five municipalities, namely Kosovo Polje, Lipljan and Obilic (in the Pristina region), Novo Brdo (Gnjilane region) and Zvecan (Mitrovica region), complained about difficulties in accessing judicial institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) economic stability at the national level and at the decision-making level; (b) commitment and commitment by Governments to address environmental management issues and promote the prevention and mitigation of environmental damage through the advice and assistance of UNEP; and (c) voluntary contributions to the programme of work of UNEP.
(iii) Technical material: a database and an electronic forum on best practices on the social and environmental responsibility of Internet-based companies (1); advisory services (information exchange centres) on persistent organic pollutants, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); online database on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction (1); information exchange centre and web site of the Global Energy for Sustainable Development (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive programme for the socio-economic and political development of the continent, and it must also be addressed from a comprehensive perspective.
Interdependence of democracy and human rights 143
Recognizing the important role of women in the reconciliation process and the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and exercised without discrimination of any kind;
Recommends the following draft decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Stressing the importance of the full implementation of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS “Global Crisis — Global Action”, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001 at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and noting the report of the Secretary-General on the progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note of:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, with a view to improving its efficiency and effectiveness and in order to facilitate her access to the information necessary for the fulfilment of her functions, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their possible mechanisms for the promotion of the human rights of women;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, United Nations organs, programmes and specialized agencies, as well as international and non-governmental organizations, to indicate the measures they have taken to promote and implement, as appropriate, the guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights as well as the present resolution, and to submit an interim report to the General Assembly, in consultation with interested parties, for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Urges States to pay particular attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account that girls and boys may be exposed to different types of risks;
Welcomes the affirmation by the General Assembly that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous people is one of the major objectives of the Decade, and calls for the early completion of the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee on derogations from the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights during a state of emergency,
Staff of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the rule of law, including by collaborating with international donors in the training of law enforcement officials, who are committed to protecting and defending human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take steps to improve access to justice, as well as to implement penitentiary reform measures to bring it into conformity with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43, paragraph 2, of the Convention, which brings the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child from 18 to 18, expressing the hope that this amendment will enable the Committee to fulfil effectively the new tasks related to the follow-up to the two Optional Protocols to the Convention, and also hoping that the Committee will finish its work late,
(g) To afford one another the greatest measure of mutual assistance in connection with any investigation, criminal or extradition proceedings relating to the offences referred to in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including in obtaining evidence at their disposal necessary for the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
Also at the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally introduced the proposed amendments (E/CN.4/2003/L.77) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.2, by inserting two new paragraphs before paragraph 1, reading:
Discrimination in the criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the proposed amendment (E/CN.4/2003/L.103) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.66, sponsored by Cuba.
Subsequently, Eritrea and Malaysia joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised operative paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women are more numerous than men, the age gap, and that the status of older women worldwide must be a priority,
It was understood that, should the reimbursement be based on a standard rate, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for the costs of their participation in a United Nations peacekeeping force.
The Committee held discussions with the Secretariat to ensure that, in future, detailed information corresponding to the simplified approach would be provided in due course.
The additional information provided to the Committee indicated that the Mission had provided for 46 aircraft for 2002/03: 22 helicopters and 24,680 flying hours and 24 fixed-wing and 39,700 flying hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened at 10 a.m. on 3 February 2003 by Mr. David Anderson, President of the Governing Council at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chaskalson announced that, at the request of UNEP, a judges advisory committee had been established to deepen cooperation between UNEP and the judiciary.
By a note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted Member States and received the following proposals in writing:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures are one of the major obstacles to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
Replace Gg CO2 equivalent with Gg
Often, the “grice Churches” are involved in maintaining this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore unable to report on the fate or whereabouts of the persons concerned.
The Working Group has clarified 391 cases, of which 318 were clarified on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 on the basis of information provided by the source.
A small number of cases concerned persons who were reportedly arrested at checkpoints by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000, or abducted by Hizbullah and transferred to the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted twice updated cases on the basis of new information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our appreciation and thanks to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Bartheemy, who, through their dedication and availability, are honoured to the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $766,000 provides for meetings of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender statistics, other measurable aspects of socio-economic life and the application of information technology;
During the raid, two Palestinians, including a 15-year-old boy, Mohammed Rabie Saber, died.
Developments in the peace process
However, between July and September 2002, certain absolutely condemnable acts committed by the regular armed forces caused the deaths of a considerable number of civilians, including the elderly, women and children whose responsibility for the conflict was far from being proved.
One member from Eastern European States;
Noting that, in view of the delay or non-reporting of notifications by some Parties and the delay in conducting in-depth reviews, the assessment of implementation has been hampered,
It is expected that their implementation will continue to raise problems in the future, as it will take time to change the financial management culture and focus on outputs and achievements rather than inputs and planning.
It was regrettable that the goals set in the Programme of Action were not generally achieved, leaving the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance to affect the lives of millions of people throughout the world.
They may do so in writing at any time.
Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee is concerned that the rights set forth in the Covenant are not sufficiently protected with regard to a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party seek international assistance for the effective functioning of the Public Defender's Office.
The Committee also commends the efforts of the State party to make public the results of its interaction with the United Nations human rights treaty bodies, including through the provision of access to their reports on the web site of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the translation into Estonian of the concluding observations of those bodies.
With regard to the general comment, he said that the emphasis should be on equality between men and women.
Individuals and groups should have full and equal access to information available to public authorities or third parties on water, water and environment.
The operation “A package for a peacekeeper” provided peacekeepers on mission to Bosnia and Lebanon with 15,000 packages at the end of the year.
Reiterates its call upon the parties to intensify their efforts to take confidence-building measures and contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Rwanda, Tonga, Uganda, Uzbekistan.
In particular, a set of documents should be prepared:
A collective approach and spirit have emerged.
We will achieve these goals only by facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, by raising awareness of the dangers posed by mines, destroying stockpiled mines, assisting victims, facilitating their social reintegration and by convincing new States to formally accede to the Convention and comply with its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political necessity of the Ottawa Convention, which is a means of significantly improving the lives of people in many countries who are seriously vulnerable to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also provided an overview of the evolving role of the Special Unit for TCDC and described some of the resulting adjustments in its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) Is the accomplice of a person who commits or attempts to commit any of these acts.
“1 bis.
If the homicide is committed by the author while he is driving a vehicle in a state of quarrying, with the use of drugs or medicines that interfere with his personality or in a situation that undermines or diminishes his mental, sensational or physical capacity, the term of imprisonment shall be twice the term applied to him in the absence of such circumstances.
Each case being reviewed and the case heard, the Chairman addressed the procurement recommendations for approval by the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) The nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee, held in Brazzaville from 14 to 17 May 2003;
Convinced of the need to make every effort to contribute in an effective and coordinated manner to meeting the challenge of removing anti-personnel mines placed throughout the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition, the social security courses provided in the LOSS are intended for young people entering the labour market without having completed their training.
Social Security Branch included in the Spanish system
The beneficiaries of this pension are survivors and spouses separated or divorced, or whose marriage has been declared invalid.
For this reason, the facilitation of access to decent housing is thus defined as a principle that must inspire public action.
(c) Management and resolution of personalized economic assistance packages for protected housing and protection measures for rehabilitation;
In these agreements, central and autonomous public administrations retain their respective normative competence, exercised in a concerted manner in order to achieve the cultural purpose of the conventions, which is financed by proportion or amount granted.
Perhaps a solution is to provide culturally appropriate and gender-sensitive education to children from early age, in order to promote a new culture that promotes joint action against HIV/AIDS and improved the economic and social situation of all.
The rule set out in Barcelona Traction derives from the general principles of corporate law recognized by civilized nations rather than customary international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule set out in Barcelona Traction led States to resort to bilateral investment treaties, which allow investors to settle their disputes with the host State before resorting to ad hoc arbitration tribunals or the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes established by the Convention on the Settlement of Investment Disputes between States and Nationals of Other States.
Barcelona Traction Authority
In the Delagoa Bay case, the United Kingdom and the United States strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when they intervened to protect their nationals who were shareholders of a Portuguese company to which Portugal itself had caused injury, but the arbitral tribunal seized the dispute had jurisdiction only to determine the amount of reparation to be awarded.
A corporation may therefore not change its nationality for the purposes of diplomatic protection by changing its social siege, domicile or place of control.
Ibid., p. 1.
“The Court notes from the outset that the complainants do not complain of a violation of their rights as shareholders of the brasserie Fix, such as the representative of the General Assembly and to vote.
The widest possible measure of mutual legal assistance shall be accorded, as far as the relevant laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the requested State Party permit, in investigations, prosecutions and judicial proceedings in respect of offences for which a legal person may be held liable in the requesting State Party, in accordance with article [...] [Responsibility of legal persons] of this Convention.
(c) The full or partial allocation of the value of such proceeds or property or of funds from their sale to the reduction of the multilateral debt of the requesting State Party.
]
Addition proposed by Ukraine.
The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon are as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural youth worldwide, FAO also stresses, in its programmes, projects and activities, the importance of close family ties and the protection of major family values.
Although the situation of these persons has changed somewhat following the recent conflict, some families have been able to return home, the resettlement of displaced persons remains a major humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional arrangements in the field of human rights continues to facilitate efforts on both sides in this field and that there are possibilities for enhanced cooperation,
Education and diplomas
Publications
- Aspects of the rights of contingent soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Concern was expressed about so many external factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/OC.263) from Inocencio Arias, Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a follow-up interim report pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) submitted by the Government of San Marino on 8 July 2002.
In this sense, I would like to repeat it, the capacity of the Secretariat should be strengthened and the lessons learned from the success of the expert groups should be learned.
It goes without saying that my delegation fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcello Spatafora, who spoke so eloquently on behalf of the European Union.
As I also represent the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan in today's debate, I would like to stress the decisive and stimulating role played by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: Senior Political Science Studies at the University of the Sacré-Corus of Milan
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers arriving without permission on Christmas Island, the Cocos Islands and Ashmore Islands have been returned to Nauru and the Isle of Manus in Papua New Guinea, where they would be housed in detention centres until their asylum applications were adjudicated;
Because of the signs in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we are confident that the preparatory process will be completed, but also the conference.
As we have repeatedly stated, we fully support the regional approach to issues relating to the Great Lakes region, hence the importance of appropriate preparations for this international conference.
While some progress has been made by the Committee on Treaty Issues, including a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, a number of policy issues have made any real progress more difficult.
In earlier negotiations under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denktash, as part of a comprehensive package, had agreed that the area of the Turkish Cypriot State was within that range.
The concrete results in the area of gender equality did not appear to be consistent with the number of measures taken or the political will of the Government of Canada; she therefore wished to know whether the Government had new ideas to move forward.
More detailed information should be provided on the services to which these women have access, the financing of women's organizations and policies on behalf of women, the persons or bodies responsible for these efforts and the measures taken in cooperation.
OIOS rightly points out that the centres in the latter must be managed differently from those in the former, where Internet access and libraries are not problematic.
Ms. Afifi (Morocco) said that it was very important for the Organization to have internal oversight mechanisms to detect irregularities and recommend solutions.
The importance is to detect these transgressions as soon as possible and to prevent their proliferation.
The proposed items will be added to the list contained in the report of the Third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.4.2 The vapor aerosols shall be classified as flammable, extremely flammable or inflammable according to the following criteria:
The indigenous youth movement has emphasized the revitalization of indigenous languages.
He does not obey any rule and appears committed to fulfilling his stated intentions despite international condemnation.
We have also noted that it continues, in defiance of the will of the international community, the construction of an expansionist wall, usurping Palestinian land and preventing the Palestinians from living normally.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the authority to undertake this essential task.
Emphasizing the importance of education in the promotion of tolerance, which involves the acceptance and respect of diversity, and that education, in particular in schools, should make a useful contribution to promoting tolerance and the elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 calling for the necessary mechanisms to enable its associate members, including the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories, to participate, subject to the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, in the special sessions of the Assembly to be devoted to the review and appraisal of the implementation of the action plans of the United Nations world conferences in which those States participated,
The value of a deposit guarantee indicator is easily attributable to the public's view that banks are not enterprises like others.
One such step was the establishment of a system for the collection of information on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization agrees to accept the statute of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Néstor Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
There is a need to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system, as well as to strengthen the role of our international Organization as coordinator of the efforts of the international community in support of the affected countries, taking into account the priorities set by the authorities of those States themselves.
Legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities for disaster preparedness and management, including the transfer of responsibility for disaster management from military to civilian control.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and of UNFPA for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters in New York from 20 to 23 January.
He stressed that full cost recovery was a fundamental need for the UNOPS business model.
They wished him a happy retirement.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and curfews in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would enable the programme to move beyond its objectives.
It urges them not to recruit children as soldiers or as auxiliaries or even to interfere with them in the armed conflict.
Notes with appreciation the success of the pilot project on the development of international radio broadcasting capacity for the United Nations, and endorses the proposal of the Secretary-General that the pilot project be an integral part of the activities of the Department;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide free public access to the United Nations Official Document System through the United Nations web site, to be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Suppl.
On a more encouraging note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all the official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group and stressed the need for that to continue.
It was noted that much could be learned from existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Basel Convention website (www.basis.int).
At its 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on this agenda item on the basis of the draft contained in the relevant conference room paper, as orally amended.
(a) Undertaking and supervising concrete activities of the project on priority areas, in particular the production, movement and environmentally sound management of wastes, as well as the active promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, France, Gabon, Germany, Guatemala, India, Ireland, Japan, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Republic of Korea, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Sudan, Sweden, Syrian Arab Republic, Uganda, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Zimbabwe.
The French version of the UNGEGN information package had been published.
The Conference began its consideration of agenda item 21 (Adoption of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before it can proceed and adopt the final text of its draft report.
Noting also the essential role of this United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and the sessions of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Rule 14
During his meeting with local NGOs, the expert's attention was again drawn to the need to provide uniforms and training for police officers.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on forest products production, consumption and trade (1); database on forest resources (1); database on assistance to countries with economies in transition in the forest sector (1); maintenance of a web site providing documentation on meetings, excerpts of publications and information on activities related to the timber subprogramme (1);
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information on child trafficking and child prostitution from, inter alia, the Children's Challenges, Government ministries, the police, including the Central Bureau for the Suppression of Human Trafficking and the Brigade for the Protection of Minors, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For meetings of the governing bodies and for other intergovernmental meetings, the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly adhered to, unless otherwise decided by the participants; if the secretariats are unable to provide pre-session documents in all the languages prescribed for reasons beyond their control, they should, on an exceptional basis, submit them provisionally in the form of abbreviated or summary summaries in the relevant languages, within the established time limits;
Although the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that it did not use the term “official languages”, [signatories] [it should be emphasized] that when the General Assembly of WIPO considered a report entitled “Use of Portuguese as the working language of WIPO” (WO/GA/26/1), it recalled the decision taken by the WIPO governing bodies in 1979 to “use Portuguese Language”.
Such an exercise could be conducted as part of an inventory of the language knowledge of staff, which should itself be an integral part of the periodic data provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or on human resources management.
In other words, the translation deadlines are additional to the normal implementation deadlines.
For example, the peer review process of the Development Assistance Committee of the Economic Development Cooperation Organization could be expanded to include trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed in the Human Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement comprehensive programmes of study, including on human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention with a view to changing stereotypical attitudes about the roles of men and women, in particular to accept the idea that the education of children is a social responsibility of both mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators for school dropouts and teenage pregnancies in national fertility surveys had been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that it had expressed following its consideration of the third periodic report concerning the law on the 300-day waiting period imposed on a widow or divorced woman before remarrying.
The Committee recommends that the State party take further measures to facilitate the reconciliation of family and professional responsibilities and to promote equitable sharing of domestic and family tasks between men and women.
The Committee is concerned at the lack of systematic data collection on violence against women, including domestic violence.
According to the Banking Act (No.
(b) A fine of $500,000, if it is a legal person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press release on the exchange of correspondence relating to the visits of Argentina to South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, in which they stated, inter alia, that:
The facts and background of the contracts relating to this project were discussed in paragraphs 304 to 312.
This amount consists of (a) USD 2,300,392 for works performed and materials allegedly delivered at the site of the project and (b) USD 1,457,674 for the retention monies.
The evidence indicates that the work to which the final payments were made (from 47 to 61) was performed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the MIE Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation of the departure of its employees from Iraq, for which the assets of the projects were left unsupervised.
No further deduction was made after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the remaining portion of the fines (IQD 348,000) was never cancelled by the Iraqi Customs authorities.
In short, the Committee intends to shorten these reports and recommendations, wherever possible, thereby reducing the cost of their translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
Furthermore, with regard to the follow-up to the major United Nations conferences and summits, the Council must play a central role in monitoring progress towards the various goals established by those conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which Heads of State and Government pledged to make every effort to ensure the entry into force of the Kyoto Protocol and to begin implementing the mandated reductions in greenhouse gas emissions,
That suggestion was not accepted, but it was to be hoped that the authors would wish to consider whether a less frequent review would be sufficient in the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of the Interior and Spatial Planning of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed in the Executive Council to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
The aim was therefore to provide the Committee with the necessary resources to carry out its tasks.
It cannot be justified in any way that this smuggling is tolerated, the repercussions of which are still severe.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to promoting the equitable use of ocean resources and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to the follow-up to the Millennium Summit, mention should be made of the observation made by the Secretary-General in his report that the goals could be achieved if, by 2015, we maintain and boost the momentum of the past three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, there can be no more important or noble goal than poverty eradication.
A death on suspicious conditions that have not been clarified was recorded in the Mape detention camp, where Liberian combatants seeking refuge in Sierra Leone are located.
The recovery of heavy weapons began in Mazar-e-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration will start only in early January to allow sufficient time to verify the four divisions in the area and the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers who are supposed to participate in the operation, twice as much as during the pilot phases of Kunduz and Gardez.
However, these capabilities should not be available until early summer 2004, when five provincial reconstruction teams in the north of the country are expected to move under ISAF command.
Activities for which larger core resources should be released include:
UNIFEM strategies
Ten-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on women, peace and security (S/2002/1154); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Experts Assessment on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Role in Peace-Building (UNIFEM, 2002); Not a minute to lose in ending violence against women (UNIFEM, 2003).
The Panel finds that these illicit imports of Serbian weapons have significantly increased the fire power of the Government of Liberia in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations agencies are currently establishing five regional offices in Saclepea (Nimba County), Voinjama ( Lofa County), Gbarnga-Pebe (Bong County), Harper ( Maryland County) and Zwedru (Grand Gedeh County), from which they provide humanitarian assistance inside the country.
Charles Taylor exercised control over all high-profit, lawful or illicit industries in Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral agencies
The weakening of Islamic groups would have to be due to the improvement of the economic situation, the opportunities offered by power, social resistance, especially those of elites seeking freedom and democracy, but also to the actions of the law enforcement agencies, both so long as the mesis appear to have lost the attractiveness of many young people.
There are now, according to the Ministry of Religious Affairs, 11,941 mosques in operation, of which 1,840 are being completed and 1,079 are under way.
The working papers prepared by major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report to the Commission on the work of the Energy Committee at its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) ESCWA member States will support efforts to promote the use of information and communication technologies to improve competitiveness and productivity; and (b) there will be sufficient information technology infrastructure and applications to promote networking and connectivity among member States.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam was a religion of tolerance; Shari'a was fully compatible with human rights.
In particular, it was intended to define effective filtering algorithms and runways of the firing window, as the combination of the problem is high.
In collaboration with the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (United States) and the Imperial College in London, the Natural History Muséum continued to evaluate in situ analytical techniques of particulate particles caught in a nitrogen oxide.
The major development challenges should be linked to the seizure equipment, its attitude and orbit correction system and its guidance, navigation and control elements necessary for the secure approach to uncontrolled and unpredictable objects.
At least two break-ins (a Ekran satellite and a Tacan rocket) occurred in the geostationary orbit, but the corresponding fragments were not identified, meaning that their orbits were unknown.
Item 3.
“The Security Council supports the commitment of the Interim Administration of Afghanistan to eradicate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement the decrees prohibiting the cultivation, production and transformation of opium poppy, including illicit drug trafficking and drug abuse.
The list of these issues was presented by the author during the 2002 UNCTAD meeting in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not contradictory but rather complementary and interdependent.
• Regional security
Minimum requirements for medically assisted treatment of drug users
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9, 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered the quadrennial reports deferred from previous sessions under agenda item 4.
The secretariat would prepare a draft letter-holder for distribution to members of the working group.
In terms of content development, emphasis is placed on the design of products and services in languages, media and presentations that allow for optimal dissemination and use by broadcasters and users.
• In order to expand its outreach, the regional information centre will work closely with the resident coordinator offices in the countries where it exists and can develop partnerships with national institutions and organizations, such as United Nations Associations.
Phase 2 ended on 4 February 2002 with the introduction of the new multilingual system, which fully utilizes the multilingual capacities of the Lotus Notes environment, allowing users to choose from the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity as to the law and practice governing police custody, the length of police custody and access to a lawyer during police custody.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Consultative Commission on Human Rights to function in accordance with the Principles relating to the Status of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (“the Paris Principles”), as set out in General Assembly resolution 48/134.
Information on the measures taken by the authorities to prosecute traffickers, as well as more specific information on the number of victims and the number of children who have benefited from protection, repatriation and reintegration measures, should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements and the biennial support budget are fully aligned with the four-year clarification period.
Ms. Shin wished to commend Mexico for having organized the first world conference on women in 1975 and ratified the Convention and the Optional Protocol early.
The equality of men and women is of particular importance in economic and social development.
Therefore, the main objectives of UNISPACE III were:
The Ministry of Justice received requests for registration from over 100 parties.
Examples of initiatives to strengthen the capacity of LDCs to implement the principles of good governance include the funding by the United Kingdom Department for International Development of a programme for local governance reforms in the United Republic of Tanzania; the support of the G-8 in the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which includes 34 LDCs; and the participation of Italy in the African Regional Assistance Forum;
A number of donors, such as Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, have announced additional debt relief and, in view of the shortfall in the HIPC Trust Fund, some have decided to increase their contributions to the Fund, and the Government of Morocco has announced the cancellation of the debt of African LDCs and the open admission of their exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his latest report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), as well as the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
Relations with Jakarta have normalized; militia members based in West Timor seem, in our view, largely demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I wish to emphasize that, as the Secretary-General has rightly said, the lasting stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of the Timorese leadership to the rule of law and its continued efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism has been installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
The general debate will be broadcast live on the Web and archived for viewing on request at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity referred to by the Turkish representative is only one — and here I use the terminology of the European Code of Human Rights and subordinate administration, local of Turkey.
The European Anti-racist Football Network also organizes an annual event in Montecchio, Italy, the Anti-racist World Cup, a cultural and sporting event that brings together non-professional artists and football traverses from European communities of migrants.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Panel discussion on “Reducing the risks posed by biological weapons”
Article 34
(b) If both spouses are staff members of the Secretariat, one of the couple's members may benefit dependent children under subparagraphs (a) (i) and (ii) above, then the other may avail itself of the provisions of subparagraph (a) (iii) if otherwise eligible;
The consideration of this issue has led to a discussion of measures to increase transparency in the field of small arms and light weapons.
Given the importance of partnership in implementing sustainable development programmes, the meeting called for more such initiatives and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II to the Staff Regulations — education grant and special education grant
Annex III
Matters relating to registries under Article 7, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions on the Middle East of the 2000 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons;
Seriously concerned at discrimination against and violations of the rights of the girl child, which often result in fewer girls than boys having access to education, adequate food and physical and mental health care, less than their enjoyment of the rights, opportunities and benefits of childhood and adolescence, and often suffer from various forms of cultural, social, sexual and economic exploitation,
Emphasizing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child must constitute the standard in the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, and conscious of the importance of the Optional Protocols to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing and ratifying or acceding to the Optional Protocols to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography,3 and urges them to implement them fully;
Convinced that collective action is yielding better results, it believes that all nations in a position to do so should contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
These are data management and mine action standards.
I do not intend to prejudge the intentions of the high-level panel of eminent personalities on United Nations reform, but, in my view, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is included in peacekeeping mandates and, if necessary, included in them.
See generally Best Practices in Poverty Reduction: An Analytical Framework, Ellse Øyer (ed.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, at the earliest possible date of the closure of the session of the Commission, chapter II of the report of the Commission containing summaries of the work of the session, chapter III containing the points on which the observations of States would be particularly relevant to the Commission, and the draft articles adopted by the General Assembly on first or second reading;
During the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers, under the Charter, committed themselves to ensuring that the Territories under their administration reached an appropriate level of self-government.
The Chairman: If no other delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will proceed to take action on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee shall hold, in 2003, within existing resources, at least one session for a duration of 10 working days prior to the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
One of the outcomes of the meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation policies and legislation.
A 7), chap. I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia today is in the urgent need of assistance and support from the international community.
Saint Lucia, presiding over this Assembly, is establishing a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the competent support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What will be the outcome of this on the cruel and emerging industries of poor countries?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that what happened in Iraq — yesterday's atrocities, reconstruction today — is a tragic historic event and that the international community must promote this reconstruction and be with us at this time.
Mr. Hu paid tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that, although China had not signed it, that had not prevented it from having exchanges and cooperating with the signatory countries.
Of the 250,000 people who have died in war-related circumstances since 1989, at least half of them are civilian non-combatants.
(f) To facilitate the free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and goods throughout Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In the event of any infringement of the rights of women of any kind in employment, the person concerned has the right to apply to the court in accordance with the Code of Civil Procedure.
There are several non-governmental organizations operating on family planning issues in Latvia.
Despite these efforts, the Group has been disabled in its work by a number of factors, including its low staffing level, a small operating budget and the division of the country, as well as by the alignment of many media outlets with the positions of either side and the fragmented nature of information infrastructure outside the capital.
However, the Assembly still faces difficulties in refuting the prosecution's failure to fulfil its mandate under the Charter of the United Nations.
It is therefore encouraging — given the commitment to complete phase II of the weapons disposal plan by 24 December 2002, as envisaged — that the plan of action for the successful collection of arms was adopted at the Buka meeting on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key to progress in the peace process in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998 on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 57/291 of 20 December 2002,
In this case, it is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by an international organization, within its competence and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
Of course, this must be done under the supervision of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): Let me begin by thanking you, Sir, for convening this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that we must act with caution.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal stands ready to help the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, to the best of their capabilities, by providing troops and other resources.
The Committee's recommendations complement the efforts of intergovernmental bodies and processes, including the high-level summits and conferences held since the last report was submitted in 2001, such as the World Summit on Sustainable Development, held in Johannesburg in September 2002, and the International Conference on Financing for Development, held in Monterrey in March 2002.
Because of their geographical and economic isolation and marginalization, they are often more vulnerable to violence, particularly domestic violence and trafficking.
Africa II Division
Fourteen countries received assistance equal to or more than $4 million.
The members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was essential, and that Angola should strive to solve specific humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea): Thank you, Sir, for convening this meeting.
I believe that, beginning at the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly well placed to develop and strengthen Bougainville's technical and other capabilities.
With the support of the Yugoslav People's Army, Serbian forces have taken control of parts of Western Slavonia and Eastern Slavonia, finally bringing these territories into one State, the “Republika Krajina”.
Combating desertification is an important element of sustainable development in addition to being an environmental problem.
Such cooperation links individuals and enterprises in developing countries and helps attract domestic and foreign investment for the purpose of building and upgrading productive capacities, thus increasing the competitive position of the manufacturing sector in developing countries.
For our part, Jordan rejects all evil lies and sinister campaigns aimed at denigrating Arabs and Muslims by labelling them as terrorists.
There is an acute malaise in the distribution of power on the international scene that emerged after the cold war.
Suicide attacks targeting innocent civilians must end, and the occupation of Arab lands must cease.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly regain its primacy at the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council be more visible and relevant to ordinary people.
Stresses the need to establish a transitional administration in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations and governed by the Organization, in order to ensure stability and create the conditions necessary for lasting peace and respect for human rights.
As to the follow-up to paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future courses would be attended by more participants should be commended.
The review process was not intended to renegotiate the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that policy indicators, both at the national and international levels, were more difficult to define than indicators for achieving concrete results, such as certain types of technical assistance.
In developing new mechanisms, the issue of stable flows should receive adequate attention.
Such errors noted in the report, which might seem superficial, were in fact serious and fundamental if they were placed in a political context.
He wished to warn the representative that, whatever the historical references he chose to make, he should be careful to compare the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews were exterminated, with the current political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
H. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and admission of observers 29 - 30 7
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, effective 1 January 2004:
Assistance to developing countries in their multilateral trade negotiations on services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in that area had been recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General hereby transmits to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization in response to Economic and Social Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998 and 53/200 of 15 December 1998.
It also participated in several ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of major industrial associations and non-governmental groups.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions have been made with or by natural or legal persons residing in countries that do not cooperate with the International Financial Action Task Force (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, established the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa at Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and at the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, environmentally sound social and economic policies, democratic institutions responsive to the needs of people, supremacy of law, anti-corruption measures, gender equality and an environment conducive to investment are the basis for sustainable development and are essential for the provision of adequate housing as a component of the right;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is attributable to the gradual downsizing of the civilian police force from 3,055 in July 2004 to 2,195 in June 2005.
The report concludes that the combination of evaluation based on diverse assessments and a multisectoral approach is fruitful.
Emphasizes that all future and existing peacekeeping missions shall be given equal and non-discriminatory treatment in respect of financial and administrative arrangements;
The members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (Oman), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Malevich (Belarus), Vice-Chairperson-cum-Rapporteur.
Insolvency law
I would also like to express our appreciation to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his extremely useful comments on the contribution of the Economic and Social Council to the peace process.
Model provision 51 is approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations of the recently held nineteenth session of the Programme and Budget Committee, the Director-General entrusted the Director-General to the Director-General of the Programme Development and Technical Cooperation Division with the task of further strengthening evaluation and developing appropriate performance indicators.
Prior to replicating it in other integrated programmes and adopting this combined approach as UNIDO's standard methodology, the indicator framework is being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions to be adopted by the Council
Annex II
The Hydril claim consists of six contracts with INOC for the sale of items for use in oil fields in Iraq.
Although the basis for such comparisons was not ideal, as had already been mentioned, the evidence that UNIDO bore a disproportionate responsibility for managing all VIC buildings was sufficiently convincing.
NEPAD promotes subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations was clearly a matter of late formulation of a reservation, and therefore the restrictions adopted in the latter case (Guidelines 2.3.1 to 2.3.3) should be transposed to cases of appreciation of the scope of reservations, which reflected current practice, including current practice.
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposed a definition of objections taking into account theoretical considerations and the study of practice.
When the landfills are properly sealed, the risk of oil infiltration into the underlying waters is minimal.
Please describe any legislative and/or administrative measures taken to implement this travel ban.
The procedures for the import and export of arms are the subject of answers to questions 22 and 23, and any activity other than those provided by these procedures is considered an offence under the relevant criminal law.
Space:
Table 1 contains a list of space systems devoted to sustainable development.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): For 11 years, the General Assembly of the United Nations has adopted annually resolutions calling on all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and to comply with the principles contained in international legal instruments, repealing or invalidating all laws and measures with extraterritorial effects, thereby affecting the sovereignty of other States, the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction.
Castro remains stubbornly opposed to any political opening and continues to deny the Cuban people the most basic rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Property Disposal Unit would need to evolve with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council
After reaching 9.10 a.m., the inspectors met with the Director of the warehouses and asked whether vaccines had been imported and distributed and whether changes had occurred during the past four years.
A ceiling of 24 per cent and a floor rate of 0.01 per cent will be used for the preparation of the scale of assessments for the budget of the Tribunal for States Parties (see para.
At the Twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was agreed that the Tribunal should continue to proceed in accordance with its current practice with respect to staff assessment pending a decision based on a detailed proposal to be submitted by the Tribunal to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the above-mentioned law provides for separate protection for persons who organize or participate in the strike, provided that the movement is organized in accordance with the law.
Equal access to public higher education enables students who wish to continue their education to motivate them to achieve good results at the secondary level.
As a result, phenomena such as soil erosion and the extinction of plant and animal species in some quarters (forests, rivers and lakes) could hamper the harmonious development of Montenegro, which, on the other hand, means that the current level of poverty may continue.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 concerning Social Security (Minimum Standards), insured persons who have contributed for less than 20 years acquire the right to retire at the age of 65 for men and 60 for women after 15 years of contribution.
See table 18 attached.
The European Union stresses the importance of the rapid deployment of the interposition force/international stabilization force.
Have you encountered any implementation problems related to the submission of names and the identification information currently on the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly*
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Non-Applicability of Statutory Limitations to War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity of 26 November 1968 should be able, in this case, to apply fully as justified the principles of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have internationally defined safeguards for the protection of children, but they remain unimplemented.
This attitude should be repudiated by the Security Council, because it is cynical, anachronistic and constitutes an act of violation of the agreed ceasefire and truce.
Concerned at the fate of many Kuwaiti and third-country nationals missing since 2 August 1990,
(We hope that the principle of gender equality will be implemented.
Geneva, 27-28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly,
The discussion of this theme today is therefore an absolute necessity and is very relevant.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement in explanation of position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear any objection, I shall put the draft resolution to the vote now.
Under item 117 (b):
The Panel also reviewed several claims for business losses alleged by the claimants as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
b Exclusive of the amount of USD 2,174,379,83 relating to business losses suffered by Kuwaiti companies for review by the “E4” Panels pursuant to Governing Council decision 123.
Stresses the need to combat for wider acceptance, operationalization and realization of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to formulate the necessary actions and to establish the measures required for the implementation of the right to development as a fundamental human right;
Developments in the human rights situation since the signing of the Peace Accords
Therefore, the next Government must urgently build on the successes of police, judges, prosecutors and human rights activists whose dedication and courage are the basis for reform.
There is still no comprehensive global definition of universal human rights obligations that correspond to the right to education.
The truth about the events in Khodjali
This reference to international organizations has led to the inclusion in article 2, paragraph 1 (i), of the following definition for the purposes of the Convention:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Introduction)).
In order to address the new priorities, the identification of outdated activities was a prerequisite.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections were held in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly, which established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of 1983, which currently governs the institutional life of the nation.
Decisions concerning the next meeting of the Committee on Budget and Finance, including dates and venue.
Improvement and modernization of the conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi to enable it to host major meetings and conferences in a timely manner
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance, for the effective guarantee and observance of human rights, of the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and embodied in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “National research on space debris, the safety of space objects with nuclear power sources and problems relating to their collision with space debris” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on “Perspects for the Use of Nuclear Power Sources in Outer Space” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.265/Add.1).
Function of the space object: The satellite is used for commercial and defence telecommunications purposes.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also encourages all Member States that have not yet done so to require financial institutions to implement fully, as appropriate, precautionary and vigilant programmes to promote transparency and prevent the diversion of illicitly acquired funds;
We highly appreciate the initiative of the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global assessment mechanism for the marine environment, based on a previous General Assembly resolution, resolution 57/141, and the report of the Secretary-General this year, which is now reflected in draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest that the General Assembly establish a transparent and regular inter-agency cooperation and coordination mechanism within the United Nations system to fill the gap left by the abolition of the Subcommittee on Oceans and Coastal Areas.
By ratifying the Convention, we affirmed our belief in the application of the rule of law to the world's oceans.
The results of the project, including the specific recommendations on minimizing the risks to biodiversity resulting from mining activities to the oceans, will be forwarded by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the increase in the base/floor salary scale, the Commission noted that the issue of any changes to the staff assessment rates to address imbalances in the Tax Equalization Fund had been discussed with the United Nations Secretariat, which had indicated that no immediate changes were required.
On 20 September, the arbitrary arrest of members of a humanitarian commission consisting of NGOs, food plants and the Office of the Ombudsman of Valle del Cauca was reportedly carried out in Cali to support the march of the Cauca peasants.
It should be noted that Act No. 747 of 2002, which, inter alia, criminalizes trafficking in persons.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda*
Such support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute in the long term to poverty reduction.
The experience of the United Nations itself shows that in most cases the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is shaped and structured by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of the conflict resolution.
In addition, disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes for ex-combatants must be implemented, arms trafficking, especially small arms and light weapons, the return of refugees and internally displaced persons and the promotion of human rights.
However, at this stage of our debate, I would like to make a few remarks, first of all a comment on the evolution of the Council's work.
It is enough to examine some of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from one post-conflict to another.
Before turning to the role of the United Nations in post-conflict situations, I would like to make a comment on these conflicts themselves.
We firmly believe that in order to be credible and effective, the Council must enjoy the full confidence and support of the international community.
He also emphasized that the Charter must be the basis for the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network has shown how various partners in the international community can work together to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines to lead countries of the Youth Employment Network*
Opening of the session
The travaux préparatoires shall indicate, in relation to paragraph 2 (a) of this article, that a State Party may choose to establish procedures either to recognize and enforce a foreign freezing or seizure decision or to rely on such a decision to seek a freezing or seizure decision from its own authorities.
Governments have used security legislation to justify censorship of certain human rights information and to retaliate against defenders.
Impact estimate: Several Parties provided an estimate of the effects of different transport sector policies (Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Estonia, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and United Kingdom).
Policies and measures with broader objectives than climate change alone: The most commonly reported policies in agriculture fall under this category.
Policies and measures to combat CH4 emissions from entranium fermentation from animal origin are focused on reducing the number of livestock warheads by reducing the number of national livestock and intensification of farming practices combined with higher yields per head, reduction of pork from France (Belgium), reduction of livestock (Slovakia) and research programmes specifically designed to study the means by which to reduce the yield per head of livestock).
The 2003 special session on the UNICEF Executive Board budget will be held on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth renewable energy network is expected to be established before the end of 2003.
Such networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
The contemporary vocabulary offers terms such as “real time” or “Internet scatter”, as if any delay in transmission and processing of information would deprive any reality, or in any case seriously devaluation.
All countries that perform certain economic functions share a common emphasis on whether the function is located within the enterprise or is performed by several enterprises.
Many of the measures that have been taken over the past few years would have been impossible without the progress made in terms of concepts and definitions by the OECD Working Group on Indicators for the Information Society.
Lastly, the Secretariat should indicate the share of the extrabudgetary resources allocated to each of the sections under consideration during the previous four bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi) with the following:
In Ghana, the prevalence of HIV/AIDS of 3.4 per cent has not declined over the past two years, although it is lower than in other countries in the West African region, where rates range from 5 per cent to 11 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific in terms of commitments and expenditures.
In this context, it is gratifying to recall the directions we have set in Tunisia since the change of 7 November 1987, which have identified, among the priorities, the recognition of human rights, in their various dimensions and in their holistic approach, including the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The hegemonic ambitions imposed a disproportionate obligation on the smaller countries of the region to commit high military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, Iraqis are beginning to recover with the help of their allies and friends, and they look forward to the assistance of the international community, under the auspices of the United Nations.
If the table does not indicate a conservativeness factor for a particular source category, a factor should be used for a category with similar characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 to read as follows:
Urges all States to promote and respect the human rights of all persons in all their situations;
Decides to continue its consideration of the question at its sixtieth session under the item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms in any part of the world”.
We also welcome the appointment of Mr. Jacques Klein as Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
From this standpoint, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the level of economic and social development, but also political, that would enable it to consider the issue of final status in an immediate future.
In particular, the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Kosovo Assembly is a good sign.
Such a transfer is of crucial importance.
In Kosovo, therefore, much work remains to be done.
The continuation of the Kosovo Protection Corps in that form could destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the post structure in the United Nations Secretariat
Endorses, in principle, the scenario proposed by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by the United Nations under a hire-purchase agreement upon the expiration of which it would become the owner of the building and the land on which it would be constructed;
Decides to consider further the conference and support services to be provided to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003 in the light of the Security Council's review of the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
Businesses are increasingly being urged to report on the impact they can have on society and how they manage them.
The text of its statement on the remaining five reports, covering the entire system, will be made available to delegations in due course.
One of the areas of activity that have evolved significantly in recent years is the issue of documentation for ship crews.
Section III of the Criminal Code, entitled “Criminal offences against individual freedom”, provides, in article 151, that anyone who deprives others of their liberty by unlawful means shall be liable to a term of six months to three years' imprisonment; if the act includes the use of the threat, abuse or grievance, or if committed by way of revenge or by way of profit, or if the offence is serious for health or injury.
Various regulations and laws apply to each component of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, to the extent possible, the names of persons or entities associated with Usama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida whose name is not included in the list, unless the disclosure of such information undermines investigations or enforcement measures.
The main strategic engagement of South Africa in the Middle East conflict, as clearly demonstrated by the presidential Peace Seminar in Spier, concerns the strengthening of peace camps in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of South Africa's experience with a wide range of civil society and the Governments of Israel and Palestine; the contribution to the reform process in Palestine and support for international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the military component of UNAMIR was completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative staff also had to leave the Mission area on that date, in accordance with the wish expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources contacted, approximately 60 per cent of Liberian territory was under rebel control;
Table 4
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community pledged to share the responsibility for reducing the social and environmental vulnerability of the region (primarily); to rebuild and transform Central America in accordance with the integrated principles of transparency and good governance; to consolidate democracy and good governance; to strengthen the decentralization process, with the active participation of civil society; to promote respect for human rights (ethnic goal) with special attention to gender equality.
During the period under review, the Council considered many issues of major concern to the maintenance of international peace and security in Europe, Asia, particularly the Middle East, Oceania and particularly Africa.
In the area of security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that sporadic fighting in the north, south-east and to a lesser extent in the western part of the country posed threats.
They called for the expansion of the membership of the Security Council so that it can regain its legitimacy, be more representative of the state of global geopolitical and better reflect it.
I have the honour to refer to your letter addressed to President Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 concerning the request of Judge Navanethem Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to extend his mandate to the Tribunal until the so-called “Media case”, which should not exceed the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention paid to the situation of women and girls and the integration of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of the major conferences, special sessions and summits, as well as in the follow-up thereto, and reiterating its commitment to build on the progress achieved,
In accordance with the rotation established by the Commission, the Chairman of the Commission at its twelfth session will have to come from the Group of Eastern European States and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee recommends against this post for the reasons set out in the general report.
Ms. Acar said that the Committee's concern about raising the age of marriage for family reunification was a necessary consequence of its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether any special measures, such as childcare and separate classes, had been taken to encourage immigrant women to attend Danish courses.
Over the past two decades, governance has become a concern for both developed and developing countries, especially as they all face the same types of problems at the beginning of the century, although at different levels: corruption, constitutional crisis, economic stagnation, ethnic conflicts, and growing crime.
Organization of the work of the session
Requests the administering Power to cooperate in establishing programmes specifically aimed at promoting the development of sustainable economic activities and enterprises, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
THE SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE CONFERENCE
Stresses the importance of simplifying and harmonizing requests for reports of the United Nations system to Member States, and urges the relevant agencies and bodies of the United Nations system, in consultation with Member States, to adopt simplified and harmonized methodologies and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and upon request, in the preparation of reports based on national data and statistics;
“The Government of India had previously instructed the State of Karnataka to leave the country in abeyance with Father François Marie Godest.
Technology had a role to play in expanding access to information, in particular geographic information systems, which, in the form of software databases and tools, could improve access to information for planning, logistics (e.g., evacuation routes) and other purposes, enable understanding and forecasting of phenomena and solve problems in geographical space, and facilitate public participation.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now have the pleasure to deliver the words I am convinced that we all want to hear: we have now completed our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I have been conducting a number of bilateral, group or open-ended consultations in Geneva and New York since December.
The view was expressed that liberal policies against cannabis abuse posed not only a threat to public health but also ran counter to the efforts of developing countries, which were making considerable efforts and resources to reduce cannabis cultivation in their territories.
In collaboration with the National Women's Commission, the Office has undertaken several public discussions and consultations on legislative reforms relating to the status of women in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 girls have benefited from the fund.
The first class of 116 teacher students is expected to graduate in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector are the increase in life expectancy for all Guyanese citizens, the reduction of disparities between social groups, improved access to care and quality of care, and the provision of affordable health services.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations on legal remedies, including a draft law providing for the accountability of lawyers to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary measures to promote and expand cooperation and coordination among the secretariats of the two organizations in order to enhance their capacity to achieve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, participants highlighted in particular the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
The distance learning programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations are collaborating with the staff of various ministries and departments involved in the fight against AIDS, and lessons learned are then disseminated at the country level.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that the Group associated itself with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department suggests that the problem could be solved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 to 57/128 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) Sharing information between law enforcement agencies in sensitive areas or disputed border areas; joint border control and customs control activities;
This form of integration was highlighted in the commitments made by the Copenhagen Summit and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme State Control Board oversees the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of State funds by central and local government bodies, as well as the economic activities of legal persons whose State has more than half of the shares or shares (Constitution, arts.
Having also considered the attached letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council of 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia addressed to the President of the Security Council,
If necessary, it would also follow up on operational, financial and personnel matters relating to MINUGUA.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Missiles”.
Those who have ordered and perpetrated these crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nicanor Duarte Frutos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan reported that it had concluded bilateral extradition treaties with 27 States, including on terrorist acts defined as extraditable offences, and reported that more than 450 suspected terrorists had been extradited under those treaties.
Such activities are being carried out with the Commonwealth Secretariat on the drafting of legislative guides, with the Organization of American States in support of the Office's activities in Haiti, and with OSCE.
Thematic communications campaigns
A senior staff member of the Department visited Brussels in June to review the preliminary arrangements with competent officials of the Belgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed site for the hub.
The meeting provided a useful opportunity to exchange views among staff of the Department of Public Information at Headquarters and their colleagues in the field, as well as several external guests, on how to manage the transition from regionalization to its implementation.
The official position of the United Nations on matters that make the titles is communicated by the Office of the Spokesperson through the press, official statements, interviews and briefings.
Any person who flies grazing or other presumptions reserved for livestock, without the permission of its owners, or grasses, who are close to forests that supply water villages, even belonging to individuals, shall be punished by 6 to 18 months' imprisonment.
The average vacancy rates for staff in the Professional and higher categories in several budget sections (56, 19 and 22) were higher than the budgeted rates, including delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, separations and temporary assignments at higher levels (A/58/558, para.
Under the Penal Code, “recruitment” means requesting a third party to perform an act, which is not itself punishable by law.
There are numerous criminal standards in Swiss law applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (annex 1 to Switzerland's first report of 19 December 2001 contains a list of such offences).
On 1 January 2002, the Act to improve the protection of civil courts in cases of unwanted sexual violence and cross-borrowing, as well as to facilitate the award of marital housing in case of separation (Gesetz zur Verbeserung des zivilichnichen Schutzes Bei Gewaltten und Nachstellungen sowie zur Erleichterung
This applies only if the person was insured in the Federal Employment Service before receiving maternity benefits or before starting to raise children, or in cases where unemployment or unemployment benefit has ceased to be paid.
The balanced participation of women and men in the political system has not yet been achieved.
• In addition, in view of the increasing number of divorces, women are no longer entitled to survivors' pensions;
Part II contains a description of the measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this area, the Federal Government's plan of action provides for a series of measures to improve the data situation by reorganizing the criminal statistics of the police and conducting a representative survey of violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children, held in Yokohama in December 2001, it became clear that there was greater awareness of the problems of sexual exploitation of children and that many measures had been taken.
This decision aims to prevent and combat the production, processing, distribution and possession of child pornography on the Internet.
- Offenders - differentiated rather than widespread”;
6.4 Judicial proceedings against Germans for sexual abuse abroad
The earlier regulations on the right to custody and the right to visit did not provide for the right to custody of unmarried parents.
- Handbook for municipal equality activities in Saxe, prepared by the Ministry of State for Equality of Women and Men (Saxis);
- Obligation for all Land and Local Authorities, as well as for all other legal persons subject to the supervision of the Sax State under the Act, to work for the equal participation of women and men (Section 15 of the Saxe on the Advancement of Women (SächsFG) Act of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of Saxe (SächsGVBI), p. 15).
Social assistance, civil engagement
Gleichberechtigungskonzet “ Konzept für die Förderung der gleichberechtigen Betiligung von Frauen und Männner am Entwicklungsprozess”
The only solution to the Middle East crisis, which has become increasingly serious, in recent times, is the implementation of the road map developed by the Quartet, as has been said, in the statement made by the Quartet at its last meeting in New York.
The issue before us highlights the fragility of the situation and the importance of a more comprehensive peace agreement for the entire Middle East region.
Article 8
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as in the past two years, the debate, instead of focusing on the annual theme, would focus on the High Commissioner's opening statement.
Programme, administrative and financial matters
Since 1997 Member of the International Association of Prosecutors.
Such measures should enable the tracing and control of firearms owners.
Women and the girl child who are victims of trafficking are subjected to violence and have their human rights seriously violated.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibn Chambas Executive Secretary
Moreover, since the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular personnel from the scope of the study, the logic of excluding staff members of international organizations.
Administrative and financial matters 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not lose, and that we will have the political will to move forward, as called for by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/227, entitled “Further measures for the restructuring and revitalization of the United Nations in the economic, social and related fields”.
We also join previous speakers in thanking the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields” (A/58/359).
The National Malaria Policy and Strategy Plan was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to involve local governments, civil society and the private sector in the development and implementation of road safety policies.
It could also consider the possibility of implementing the Secretary-General's proposals, contained in his report on the Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and establishing an ad hoc informal working group, subsidiary body or informal technical mechanism to discuss measures for the peaceful settlement of disputes that might be implemented in the case of conflicts already brought to the attention of the Council or which will be implemented in a timely manner.
When the Security Council is able to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, in ending wars and promoting peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of regional peace and security, the international community will surely be able to invest greater hopes in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
That balance, we must say, places the main responsibility on the parties themselves, even if they can resort to external intervention to help them resolve their differences.
We must forcefully reaffirm our commitment to the rule of law in relations between States and thus to the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of jurisdictional channels.
(a) To take measures to protect students from violence, injury or abuse, including sexual violence and intimidation in schools, to establish complaint mechanisms that are accessible to children, and to investigate thoroughly all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit, by 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), which would include:
At the same time, the Council is reviewing the system of allocation of responsibilities, which has served as a mechanism for inter-agency coordination following the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-Chairman, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem closely linked to other global issues at the heart of the Organization's mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, as well as each party to an armed conflict, shall mark and clear, remove or destroy ERW in the affected territories under its control.
Welcoming the continued cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and other organizations active in the field of competition law and policy, and in particular the commitment made at the Fourth Ministerial Conference of the WTO, in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Awais
The deployment of MINUCI is well under way, with a first group of 26 liaison officers arriving in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new communications strategy is being developed in preparation for the World Summit on the Information Society, to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The involvement of the United Nations system in East Timor represented a particularly valuable and valuable experience to be learned if it is to confirm its positive results and to avoid a repetition of the malfunctions in the future.
The work began in May 2000 and the document was circulated in the following November; the general framework had been prepared and approved by UNTAET.
Albania*, Algeria, Andorra*, Angola*, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh*, Belarus*, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina*, Brazil, Bulgaria*, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus*, Czech Republic, Denmark*, Ecuador*, Finland*, France, Georgia*, Germany, Greece*, Guatemala, Hungary*, Iceland*, Italy*, Japan, Liechtenstein*, Luxembourg*, Malta*, Mexico, Morocco*, Nicaragua*, New Zealand*, Norway*,
In the preamble to this instrument, States parties state that they “decided to stop the suffering and loss of life caused by anti-personnel mines that kill or maim hundreds of people every week, mostly innocent and defenceless civilians, particularly children, obstruct economic development and reconstruction, prevent the repatriation of refugees and displaced persons to the territory, and have other grave consequences for years after their establishment”.
Allow me to thank all delegations for encouraging me in my efforts and consultations, and I would also like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and all members of the secretariat for their effective assistance.
It was in this context that the close links between man-portable air defence systems and small arms were examined.
We call on coalition forces to achieve this essential objective and to intensify coordination with relevant international bodies and institutions to enable the country to return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of an international fund for Iraqi higher education to provide immediate and long-term assistance for the rehabilitation of higher education in Iraq.
We have taken note of the Secretary-General's call for an institutional overhaul by 2005.
The success of our work on this theme will depend, in fact, on the degree of objectivity of our approach and the realism of the proposed measures.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has decreased, their role in national strategies in some countries has not been drastically reduced.
I firmly believe that for all countries in East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and we are all of the view that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interests of any country in East Asia.
Mr. PETÖCZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Eastern European Group, said that the Group supported that idea.
First, the analysis of Security Council resolutions, unilateral declarations of the nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones shows that security assurances are generally subject to reservations by the nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDERS (Netherlands): Mr. President, although this meeting is the last President, I believe that this is the first time that I have taken the floor since you assumed this function.
Stresses the importance of developing the human and institutional capacities of indigenous people to find solutions to their problems by themselves;
The Board shall review and approve the financial statements and audit reports transmitted to it by the Committee on Budget and Finance, together with such observations as it deems appropriate.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial provisions.
It is also important to stress that the current level of assistance is insufficient.
In our view, it is important at this stage that national demining strategies be put in place to ensure an effective decision-making process on short-, medium- and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has established the Lebanese National Demining Office, with the assistance of the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, the Mine Action Coordination Centre of South Lebanon.
We can achieve this through a protocol annexed to the Convention that would take into account the security interests of countries while helping us to eliminate old mines, which, like new ones, destroy lives and property and hinder efforts to end desertification, achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In June 2003, pledges to the Fund amounted to only $4.7 billion, while the estimated overall expenditure reached approximately $10.5 billion per year to effectively implement prevention, treatment, care and support programmes.
Country offices
Credit line - Definition similar to those contained in the Financial Regulations of UNDP, UNFPA and UNICEF
In addressing items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of the child), 115 (Elimination of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will include a dialogue between its members and the special rapporteurs and representatives to report on their activities.
The world today has some 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
While the human rights conventions were essential instruments, it was also necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Panel endorses this decision and fixed the date of loss for category “C” Palestinian late claims as at 2 August 1990.
Recognizing that domestic violence against women undermines human rights,
Due to their separate legal structures, the role of technical cooperation specialized agencies has not been addressed.
This simplicity has a price, namely, a certain degree of arbitrariness and the damage to details.
Why are so many agencies involved in technical cooperation?
The Secretary-General took the lead in supporting the coordination of gender issues.
(b) Its resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992, entitled “An Agenda for Peace: Preventive Diplomacy and Related Matters”, its resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1993, entitled “An Agenda for Peace”, in particular section IV, entitled “Special economic challenges arising from the implementation of preventive or enforcement measures”, and its resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997, entitled “Supplement to the Agenda for Peace”, in particular annex II, entitled “Question of sanctions imposed by the United Nations”,
The building and development of democracy, as well as the approach taken by the United Nations system on this issue, must take into account the fact that there is in fact no single recipe for achieving democracy.
In his statement, the Secretary-General affirmed the considerable importance of the culture of peace, and the attention to be given to this universal Organization, not just one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the commemoration of the International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World, 2001-2010 is more than an altruistic aspiration of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the goals set in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the World Food Summit Plan of Action, as well as in the World Food Summit Outcome: five years later, in which the commitment to eradicate hunger is renewed,
Emphasizing the need for the industrial transformation of commodity production in developing countries, in particular in Africa and the least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and stabilize and increase their export earnings, thereby promoting their sustainable economic growth and integration into the world economy,
Accordingly, I have appointed Mr. Parker as a permanent judge of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia from 4 December 2003 for the remainder of Mr. David Hunt's term of office until 16 November 2005.
This Programme of Action remains a year of progress in the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations would like to point out that, in the view of the Government of Colombia, operative paragraph 2 of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requested the Conference on Disarmament to consider the identification of principles that could serve as a framework for regional agreements on conventional arms control, could enable the Conference to resume part of its activities and break the deadlock in its three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on Territorial Asylum of the Organization of American States, OAS Convention on Diplomatic Asylum, United Nations Declaration on Territorial Asylum.
Its effects go far beyond borders, and international cooperation is therefore absolutely indispensable.
It is up to the Third Committee, which is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that the programme is well understood and translated into practice.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to enter into commitments for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003 in an amount not exceeding 12 million dollars to be met from the cumulative balance of the Special Committee for the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission;
The Special Rapporteur intends to submit a final report in 2004 to consider both issues, so that the first reading can be completed at the same session.
The Equal Opportunities Commission and the Equal Opportunities Fund have been established with the aim of establishing cooperation with the private sector on all matters relating to women's employment.
The use of these targeted summaries would be flexible, voluntary and based on available data.
In its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it a note by the secretariat on information exchange: establishment of an electronic clearing house (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In this context, future workshops could also consider exchanges among restricted groups of participants from industrialized countries, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
He also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission supported, including the INFOAP network, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on national profiles.
Items on the provisional agenda of regular meetings
Quorum for subsidiary bodies of limited membership
The submission may include suggestions on the solutions that the Party considers most appropriate in the particular case;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims corrections
Norway urges all countries to agree on a modus operandi for the relief and protection of victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to strengthen their national efforts along with international efforts.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that while, in terms of principles, her country believed, like the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression (A/CONF.189/PC.2/24), the Internet was a unique tool for promoting human rights, it must be recognized that in practice the Internet had no new impact.
The best way to reach consensus on the guiding principles is to hold consultations with Governments.
Mr. Paul Krugman, School of Public and International Affairs (Princeton University); Mr. Jagdish Bhagwati, Professor of Economics and Head of the Chaire Arthur Lehman (Columbia University); Mr. Manuel Orozco, Project Director of Central America for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Ouedraogo, Consumers of Burkina Faso, will make presentations.
Information on workshops and training courses on combating international terrorism-related crime
Moreover, it is not clear how the macroeconomic and structural reforms required in the process of poverty reduction strategies affect poverty and social conditions.
For this reason, new approaches continue to be considered to rapidly increase international liquidity where necessary, by various means, including the temporary allocation of special drawing rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, His Majesty no longer chairs the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, who meets every year on a rotating basis, is now the Head of Government and, in fact, the Prime Minister.
Government agencies in Bhutan have an obligation to recognize that women constitute a significant part of the population to which they are directed and must therefore design, implement and continue to service the specific needs of women and men.
This is mainly due to the expansion of primary education and the improved retention of students in schools.
Multi-sectoral task forces have been established to address the growing threat of HIV/AIDS at the national level.
Many men welcome the larger number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another limited study on women's participation in financial decision-making, 27 per cent of women surveyed stated that they were only involved in decisions relating to obtaining financial loans, while 14 per cent took joint decisions with their husbands.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has taken initiatives to improve the capacity of public sector staff in a number of countries by providing advice, upon request, on public service reform.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established Iraq's liability for losses arising from Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
The Panel finds this rate also applicable to claims for loss of use of funds, which have similar aspects.
See also the decisions of the Panel contained in paragraph 79 of the E2(7); E2(11 report, paragraph 71; and E2(13) report, paragraph 89.
E2(3) report, paras.
Report of the United Kingdom on the achievement of the goals and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East
Pursuant to article 8, paragraph 1, of the Extradition Act, persons who have committed terrorist acts, even if they are considered political crimes, may be extradited.
What are our goals?
The Secretary-General's report reminds us that the situation in Iraq is fraught with challenges that are real challenges and that challenge us all here and now with the international community.
The establishment of a robust civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like, on behalf of my Government, to reiterate its deep appreciation to the Council's mission and to the Council as a whole for its willingness to find answers to complex issues facing our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other United Nations system coordination mechanisms.
Support for associations and organizations working to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The 10-month programme, including five months of theoretical education in Madrid and four and a half months of practical education in organizations in developing countries, is also planned for an evaluation phase in Madrid.
These groups are young people between 16 and 30 years of age, women employed in occupations deemed to be male, over 45 years of age, persons registered as unemployed for 6 months or more, and workers who, at the time of the conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same enterprise under an indefinite or fixed-term contract of 31 December 2003, including for training contracts.
It is in the 25-29 age group that women's daily tobacco consumption is the most important.
This improvement is, however, less marked among women (37,5% of long-term unemployed women) than among men (55.36%).
Members of Permanent Missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress achieved through the establishment and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic fact remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflicts, in the most cynical and cruel manner, everywhere.
This meeting is the first public meeting of the Security Council in 2003, a year of great challenges that I am convinced that the Council will be ready to meet.
We will resolutely join all efforts to ensure compliance with international agreements in this area.
These are often areas of lawlessness.
Activities in response to the request
- More than 150,000 houses or apartments (total, approximately 23,570,000 square kilometres) were looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the accounts of the United Nations were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The Computer Model for Feasibility Analysis and Assessment (COMFAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programme framework and the strategic directions of the Organization for South-South cooperation, as well as the thematic initiatives of the Organization, including trade facilitation, the use of rural energy for productive purposes and the rehabilitation and reconstruction of the industry in post-crisis situations,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that the rapidly changing socio-economic situation, cultural, individual and social factors, as well as the supply of illicit drugs, have aggravated the problem of the use of psychoactive substances at the global level,
In view of the ambiguity in the title of the topic, the Commission decided to continue to take as a working hypothesis that the topic concerned “activities” and to defer any formal modification of the title.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the heading “United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace resource requirements (before recosting): $30,500 with resource requirements (before recosting): $364,200
The Committee asked the Government to indicate whether it was considering amending the relevant provisions of the above-mentioned laws to include the principle referred to in the Convention.
These decisions were made in consultation with Iraqi observers, including the participants in the weekly economic and high-level meetings of Iraqi public institutions, and the initial budget proposals were prepared by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are indeed enormous benefits to the Iraqi people.
The percentage of Afghan women employed by UNHCR increased from almost zero in early 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme, and 36 per cent of all national protection staff.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers of Defence and Security in September should finalize the formation of the Government of National Reconciliation and thus remove an important obstacle to the peace process.
Nevertheless, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution stipulates that the President of the Republic may delegate some of his powers to members of the Government.
Beyond what divides us, we have a collective responsibility, in the face of these threats, to regain the unity of the international community.
We have started consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the current oil-for-food programme that would ensure the continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicine in Iraq.
The programme of work continues to be studied by my authorities, and we reserve the right to give our views on the programme immediately after its completion.
If a Party considered that it needed assistance to stop methyl bromide consumption to stabilize the date, it could remind the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming that it works by consensus,
(i) 68.0 ODP-tonnes in 2004;
All unloading operations should take place at designated duty stations exclusively for authorized personnel.
The financial mechanism has been established in accordance with Article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to ensure financial and technical cooperation for Parties operating under paragraph 1 of Article 5 to enable them to comply with the control measures provided for in Articles 2A to 2E and 2I or any other regulatory measures under Articles 2F to 2H pursuant to Article 5 bis of the Protocol.
Law enforcement officials also participated in training programmes abroad.
Some States reported having also served the telephone, telex and postal services.
(3) The party seeking to enforce an interim measure of protection shall promptly inform the court of any termination, suspension or modification of the interim measure.
Suggestions to improve the wording of the bracketed text were made, including that the court could suspend the enforcement proceedings until the parties had an opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all the parties had been duly notified.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be accorded a more visible and important role in support of the management of international affairs and in the implementation of the economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of appropriate information, communication and transport technologies should also be supported by technical cooperation and investment required to strengthen the capacity of local service providers, or create such capacities, may require donor support or funding from international financial institutions.
A similar consequence is provided in the United Kingdom, where the consumer is entitled to cancel the contract unless a court competent to deal with disputes relating to the contract in question decides otherwise at the request of the service provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme reached its maximum point towards the end of 2002.
Procedure
The estimate is based on the exchange rate of 0.89 euros to the United States dollar.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, if necessary, at subsequent sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward reported on the results of those consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Harvard Law School (Winter 2003): Visiting Professor Robert F. Kennedy, in association with Professor Philip Heyman, a course entitled “Bring power to justice” analysing the different functions of prosecutors in common law and civil law countries and examining the different national and international approaches used to try State actors who have found themselves guilty of violations of the law; also organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption: establishing the primacy of development in law”.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
1 November 2002
1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as an operating entity of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its climate change focal point and the Special Climate Change Fund for the implementation of activities identified in the framework for meaningful and effective actions to enhance the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention,
Welcoming the initial progress made in the implementation of the framework for meaningful and effective actions to enhance the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, annexed to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial performance, 2002-2003
The Committee also noted with appreciation the financial and other assistance provided to the Programme by the Government of Austria, the authorities of Styria and the city of Graz, Austria, the Department of Physical Geography of Stockholm University, Metria, the Swedish National Land Survey and the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, it is believed that many of the people infected with the virus do not know it.
The project targeted the PANEK Steering Committee, as well as high school and high school students.
Recommends that consideration be given to the holding of a joint informal debate that could enrich the work of each Commission; better use could be made of the debate of the General Assembly in plenary on the items considered by the two Committees;
This important work has been possible thanks, inter alia, to the Committee's skill and perseverance, through its subcommittees and experts.
In the event of the dissolution of marriage after the consumption of the marriage, the woman shall be entitled, in addition to her maintenance during the period of the waiting period, to an indemnity not exceeding one year of maintenance, in accordance with the means of the ex-husband, and shall be paid in monthly instalments from the end of the waiting period, unless otherwise agreed between the two parties regarding the amount and the terms of payment of the allowance.
The following table illustrates the evolution of the education budget during the 1993/94 to 1997/98 school years:
The nurseries are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which conducts regular inspections to verify compliance with the relevant regulations.
The State of Kuwait wishes to recall in this regard that its Constitution, in many of its provisions, makes equality one of the pillars of Kuwaiti society, first in the preamble and then in article 7, and then in article 29, which covers various aspects of this principle by linking it to the dignity of human beings, rights and duties.
Effective management will also improve recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
National Coordinator of the World March against Child Labour, 1998
Adviser for the Development of a Course on Social Justice, Department of Demographic Studies, University of Tribhuvan, 1999
Each State Party shall provide to the Conference of the States Parties, as required, information on its programmes, plans and practices and on its legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
If the status quo denies any prospect, freedom and the development of those who are hungry and living in despair, the temptation of anarchy and extremism, as a means of making change, becomes much more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to appoint Ambassador Tzanev of Bulgaria as President of the Annual Conference of the States Parties to be held in 2003 and the representatives of China, South Africa and Switzerland as Vice-Presidents.
Declarations and reservations
Rapporteur: Ishtiaq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and should strengthen universal human rights standards, as set out in international human rights instruments, and contribute to their protection,
(c) In the event of a special debate, its theme should be relevant to human rights and should take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
That state of affairs should not recur.
(iii) OHCHR should prepare a comprehensive and updated compilation of recommendations made over the years by the various mechanisms on thematic issues.
Contribution submitted under both resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They deal with the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (d) (i), (ii) and (iii) on short-, medium- and long-term proposals for the elimination of racial discrimination against people of African descent, including proposals for a mechanism for the monitoring and promotion of all human rights of people of African descent, taking into account the need to work closely with international institutions and the specialized agencies in the development of African descent.
As for the Haraz centre in Iran, it was a technology centre for human resources development for land recovery and development on these rice-growing lands.
Lastly, she asked the State party to conduct a national health survey and to consider its findings in the next periodic report.
Therefore, the duty to protect it was also incumbent upon the entire world.
- Closure of the two sites by appropriate means (movement or trenches);
Some observers predicted a possible increase in the demand for United States control over the oil wells in Iraq.
It is essential to give new directions to Arab economic cooperation by giving the private sector a growing role in development and economic choices.
As a result, the Foundation was able to collect approximately €3.5 million to begin work on the site.
At present, four resident coordinators are UNICEF staff (half are women), one of whom is women.
If these conditions are met, the goals and targets agreed at the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Furthermore, the financial implications of the establishment of an additional office in Brussels have not been taken into account by ITC.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has brought the gender targets set by the Organization in 1990.
(a) The nine regional offices should be progressively strengthened through the redeployment of technical posts from Headquarters.
At the same time, SCO member States consistently and invariably assume that the fight against terrorism must be based on the norms and principles of international law and cannot be equated with any religion, country or nationality.
Activities of the Joint Inspection Unit (JIU)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Request for consultative status submitted by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with annex I to General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the proposed themes for the high-level segment and the coordination segment of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit to you the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The people of Afghanistan have overshadowed the decision to extend their mandate.
The draft resolutions under these items reflect that commitment and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) Utilize, in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee established by resolution 661 (1990), prior to the expiration of the period set out in paragraph 10 below and taking into account the recommendations of the Office of the Iraq Programme, the funds deposited in the accounts established pursuant to paragraph 8 (a) and (b) of resolution 986 (1995), to the extent necessary and as appropriate, in respect of the additional costs of shipping,
10-11 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
Since the costs of the work of the Working Group were included in the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would not affect it.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate substantive discussions at the session of the Commission, the secretariat prepared a thematic note entitled “Policy options for enhancing SME competitiveness” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Chairmen of the General Committee and the Credentials Committee and the Chairmen of the committees, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right to vote provided that they are representatives of participating States;
As a general rule, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees or working groups shall be held in private.
The Council expressed its concern at the continued regional instability and requested the Secretary-General to make recommendations to the Council, as soon as possible, on how to address these subregional and cross-border problems, with a particular focus on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also deplored the lack of political contacts between the parties and called on them to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government submits to it all draft laws.
It was to be hoped that a report could be submitted to the Committee at a future session, particularly since the 1991 World Summit for Children document and the outcome document of the special session of the General Assembly on children, held in 2002, had specifically referred to the situation of children under foreign occupation.
In accordance with the second Millennium Development Goal, the Government introduced free and compulsory basic education for all in 1996, which significantly improved the school attendance rate.
In order to avoid such incidents, it is imperative for States parties to be present at the time of the meeting.
“The Security Council stresses the readiness of the United Nations to promote political dialogue, if requested, and to provide resolute support to meet the humanitarian and development challenges of the border demarcation process.
It may acquire or alienate immovable or movable property in accordance with these Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting has three days, from 16 to 18 July 2003, to complete its work.
According to these corroborated reports, the situation in the valley remained calm, without serious incident, throughout the reporting period.
Observations
Quadrennial reports 1997-2000 submitted through the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know which indicators are best suited, which will necessarily have to address different aspects of the right to health, drawing on the ongoing work of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that prolonged solitary confinement of a detained or imprisoned person may be equated with the acts prohibited by article 7.
Article 10, paragraph 1, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any person deprived of his or her liberty under the laws and authority of the State and who is detained in a prison, a hospital - a psychiatric hospital in particular - a detention camp, a rehabilitation centre or other place.
In this context, it must determine whether a unilateral statement is a reservation or an interpretative declaration and determine its admissibility and effects.
Thirty-eighth session (1990)*
(l) To continue their cooperation with the Committee in promoting the effective implementation of the Convention;
(h) Raise awareness among the general public of the importance of programmes of measures focusing on the situation of victims of descent-based discrimination;
Traditional and cultural practices affecting the health of women and children exist in some States.
States parties should also report on measures adopted to ensure prompt access to services related to family planning in particular, and sexual and reproductive health in general.
Thus, for example, the article emphasizes the importance of respect for parents, the need to regard rights within their general ethical, moral, spiritual, cultural or social framework and the fact that most children's rights, far from being imposed from outside, are rooted in the values of local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, which updates recent meetings, activities and outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, adopted by the heads of State and Government at the Millennium Summit, in which they pledged to eradicate extreme poverty, in particular to halve, by 2015, the proportion of the world's people whose income is less than one dollar a day and the proportion of people who suffer from hunger,
In 2001, the Government limited the duration of work permits to foreign workers to six years to ensure that more Bermudians are recruited and trained for the best jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom continued to advocate that legislators adopt European human rights standards, particularly with regard to sexual discrimination.
Pursuant to paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations to consider all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without vote, in the deliberations of those bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “Synergies and responses: strategic alliances in crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat computer-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, it invited the Governments of the Latin American and Caribbean countries and other interested Governments to participate in the regional meeting of heads of national drug law enforcement agencies, with a view to establishing the meeting of heads of national drug law enforcement agencies, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and to provide the necessary financial resources for the regional meeting,
(a) Partnerships are voluntary initiatives by Governments and various stakeholders, including major groups and institutions;
25 July 2003
Other business
Introducing the item, the representative of the secretariat drew attention to the documentation on the item (see annex VII) and outlined the possible action that the Committee might take on the matter.
Decides to submit the following to the Conference of the Parties for consideration and possible decision at its first meeting:
An alternate representative or an adviser may act as a representative on the designation of the head of the delegation.
Except as provided in rules 28 to 32 and as amended by the Conference of the Parties, these rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The Chairperson or Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may be accorded priority in explaining the conclusions of that subsidiary body.
He reported that his organization had supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities related to persistent organic pollutant derivatives, including the project for the identification and quantification of dioxin and furan releases in Thailand, the organization of the Expert Group Meeting on Best Available Techniques and Best Environmental Practices and workshops on good industry management, which had provided an opportunity to exchange best practices on the management of pollutants by-products in Brazil.4
To that end, the Monterrey document reiterates the importance of the principle of cooperation in dozens of times.
Only a few countries monitored the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective border controls, using reliable estimation methods.
The panellist noted that comparative studies made the problem even more complex.
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org).
A preparatory mission consisting of IAEA and UNMOVIC staff, including the Director General of the IAEA and the Executive Chairman of the Commission, visited Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet with their Iraqi counterparts led by Mr. Amer H. Al-Saadi, adviser to the Chairman, to discuss further the logistical arrangements and to relocate the inspectors' office to Baghdad.
The website of Agenda 21 for Sport and Environment is www.unep/org/cpi/sport_env (all types of sporting activities).
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi showed that there were opportunities to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, long-term reconstruction and development.
The Cancún failure is the result of what happened in Doha, where major trading countries refused to grant promised concessions on development issues.
Switzerland attaches the highest priority to the preservation of humanitarian space, in all circumstances and without exception.
“The severe internal and external closures, the increase in curfews, the incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have led to a further deterioration of economic indicators and increased poverty and unemployment among Palestinians.
Here, we should recall the individual and collective responsibility of the parties to the Convention to respect its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the prior concurrence of the Advisory Committee, such sums as may be necessary to cover the advance payment of insurance premiums if the period of insurance extends beyond the biennium in which payment is made, on the understanding that the Secretary-General shall make provision in the proposed budget for each biennium for that purpose throughout the life of the policies in order to cover the amounts due for the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments were not enough to prevent violations, but strict measures must also be taken to address social and human problems that encouraged them, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement of populations and social inequality among the peoples of developing countries and those of the advanced countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, to be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Protection Force, the United Nations Confidence Restoration Operation in Croatia, Financing of the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force
Of course, it remains vital that all of us continue to participate in the coming years.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of control is becoming increasingly important both at the regional and international levels, and effective verification becomes necessary to ensure international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpiles by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to having ratified the Treaty, have already expressed their opposition to nuclear weapons individually and on more than one occasion.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on the Guiding Principles.
Of this amount of $270,000, $250,000 is projected for the ICAO tender.
Possible modalities for reimbursement
Chief of Liaison and Protocol Liaison Officer A and Liaison Officer B
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and Council resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is irrelevant whether the origin of the funds is lawful or unlawful, only account for the act of collection and its purpose.
The Bradley report indicated that any order adopted by the Council to meet the needs of any of the options would take at least one year.
Geneva
“Terrorism - The cause of detonation or fire or any other act that endangers people's lives, damage their health, causes extensive material damage or leads to other dangerous consequences for society, with the aim of undermining public order, sowing panic among the population or influencing the adoption of decisions by public authorities or international organizations, or threatening to commit such acts.”
Women remain mainly in low-paid and low-level positions.
Draft decision II Suspension of consultative status
We therefore encourage those States that have not yet done so to kindly file their statements with the Secretary-General in order to achieve the universality of the Court.
Their tireless participation, combined with their firm commitment and diplomatic skills, is a major factor in the success of the work of the Special Committee.
From now on, as is the case with all treaties, the end of negotiations marks the real beginning of the commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 94.
Washington, 11 April 1949
The draft resolution, entitled “ Almaty Programme of Action: Addressing the Special Needs of Landlocked Developing Countries within a New Global Framework for Transit Transport Cooperation for Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries”, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I now have the pleasure to introduce the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
It welcomes the decision of the European Union to establish a peace support facility to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the African Union's peace initiatives.
The right to know the truth about past events is essential in order to prevent the recurrence of the same violations.
My Government has strongly supported the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be much more representative to reflect demographic and geopolitical realities and gain credibility.
Outreach services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee on 28 April 2003
We have managed to make it clear that success or failure in any area, if important, cannot mean the salvation or loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to respond to the questions raised, such as the submission by all United Nations information centres of an annual plan outlining the activities it plans around a strategically selected message.
With a view to planning and implementing other changes without budget overruns, we have had to review some of our priorities and propose to reallocate resources accordingly for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had some aspects of the negotiations and should contribute to their preparation through its analytical work, consensus-building and technical cooperation.
However, these products had low national value added content.
Commodity-dependent LDCs faced a particularly difficult challenge, as commodity prices had fallen sharply in real terms.
Development assistance strategies had been redefined to support poverty reduction, and many donors included trade- and investment-related technical assistance.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and the candidate countries of the EU (Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia, as well as Cyprus, Malta and Turkey), said that coherence was important and, as such, the participation of representatives of other institutions and agencies in the sessions of the Council was positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) assisted the Task Force in forging and expanding partnerships.
With a view to strengthening its outreach and facilitating contacts with national policy makers, the Special Unit has established a web-based database, which brings together policymakers and ICT managers in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the issue of the promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to allocate, within existing resources, the necessary financial and administrative resources for the effective functioning of the inter-agency secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate, and requests it to continue:
Documentation
Election of a representative Government to succeed the Afghan Transitional Authority following free and fair elections in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a Senegalese women's guide is published periodically, covering issues such as civil registration, marriage, food obligation, inheritance, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land and credit, and the right to work.
I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo-Addo, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Considerations relating to the possibility of the United Nations serving as supervisory authority under the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the ECOWAS forces and the French forces, in carrying out their mandates in accordance with resolution 1464 (2003), to continue to work closely with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to report periodically to the Council on all aspects of the implementation of their respective mandates;
This letter has been issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/500.
The Lusaka Council for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to help Africans build their capacity in peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted late to conference services, without the explanatory note required by the General Assembly in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in the event of a late submission of a report to conference services.
The International Business Companies Act 2000 provides for the elimination of actions payable to the holder and, where such actions have already been issued, their recall and replacement of registered shares.
These services include the direction or implementation of financial services in the Bahamas or from the Bahamas, including online financial services, the registration of directors or administrators of international business companies, the provision of licensed agents and office services to international business companies, the provision of executive or executive services to international business companies, the provision of shareholder services to individual registered companies, and the provision of partner services for registered companies.
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements allow for the inclusion of persons on a national exclusion list.
Their participation in the workshop was beneficial.
For example, the Section provided advice on the rules to be followed for nationally executed projects, based on UNDP experience in this area.
In 17 offices, the control of presences and absences was not exercised in the rules.
This feedback also raised awareness among offices of the importance of planning regular project audits.
In this regard, Governments were encouraged to request their implementing agencies to use the same reporting format to simplify and facilitate timely reporting.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
Staff could be further reduced in the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991 from France, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America (S/23306, S/23307, S/23308, S/23309 and S/23317)
The information that organizations should obtain and seek to verify would include: audited accounting results for the preceding five years; past and present judicial difficulties; and identity of other key clients.
Also affirms the firm commitment of the United Nations to treat all bidders, whether in procurement or outsourcing, in a fair and geographical manner;
Mr. Negroponte (United States of America): First of all, I thank Assistant Secretary-General Türk for his timely briefing on the status of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Montserrat has been in a “rehabilitation and reconstruction phase” since 1998 and it has been difficult to cope with a growing emergency while facilitating the development process.
The funds provided for environmental, training and health projects, as well as legal and legislative programmes.
With regard to the currency of payment, it was necessary to inform the consignor of funds of the benefits of the official system vis-à-vis other channels in terms of the security and speed of transfers.
• It works for the fair and expeditious trial of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of the relationship with the administration, the Federation has encountered many difficulties owing to the lack of clear lines of human rights and people with the knowledge and skills needed to approve the projects.
With regard to strengthening the resident coordinator system, the increased participation of the specialized and technical agencies of the United Nations in the functioning of the resident coordinator system is seen by Member States as a positive step.
Because of armed conflicts and civil strife in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania has in recent years remained one of the African countries hosting the largest number of refugees in its territory.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to make the necessary arrangements for the translation of the present resolution into the Somali language, including an appropriate background explanatory note, and for the wide dissemination in the country through the human rights officer for Somalia based in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for groups at risk, especially drug-injecting drug users, to reduce the risk of transmission of infectious diseases such as human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda for the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting is contained in annex I.
Discussion
The view was expressed that the Office should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States continued to receive documents in an appropriate form.
The addition of the phrase “to support efforts to promote new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was questioned since the Second Committee had not yet reached consensus on the matter.
Some members suggested that the publication should be sold rather than distributed free of charge.
The Council's consultations with the member countries of the New Partnership and ECA had been well received.
A/58/6 (Sect.15) Human settlements
Investigations of the cause of the damage may also be lengthy, particularly in countries where the maritime security authorities and/or the courts themselves are responsible for investigating the demurrage and taking some time to publish their findings.
In the context of the draft amendment to Act No. 1015 entitled “The prevention and punishment of illicit acts intended to legitimize capital or assets”, it is envisaged that the scope of application of the law will be expanded, even though article 11 (n) of the current text is intended to cover “any other natural person or legal person who is engaged in the legalization of assets”.
It is important that the Commission not disperse its attention.
It must also reaffirm its conviction of the importance of the participation of civil society as a strategic partner in the work of United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions under which women exercise their professional and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 265 of the Labour Code, mothers raising three or more children under the age of 16, or two children and more for women living alone, receive an additional weekly holiday paid in accordance with the average daily wage.
The link between reproductive and family rights is clear: maternity and paternity are the direct consequence of the exercise of the reproductive rights of citizens.
The adoption of the new marriage and family codes, and of work, was the most important factor in the improvement of legislation.
UNIDO's investment and technology promotion activities focus on promoting partnerships and organic linkages (such as technology transfer, outsourcing, joint marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign and domestic enterprises.
In this regard, the cleaner production programme has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO's services aimed at increasing energy efficiency, in the training of personnel assigned to PNPP and PNPP and in the identification, development and implementation of technical cooperation projects for funding the Kyoto Protocol and GEF.
However, it stands ready to provide the Commission with any additional information that it may wish.
Nine members from Western European and other States
It examines the development and organizational achievements, focusing on the linkages between assessments, knowledge generation, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC was planning to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on that issue in the near future.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,696,600
Demands that the Liberian parties cease hostilities throughout Liberia and comply with their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the ceasefire agreement, including in the formation of the Joint Monitoring Commission established by the ceasefire agreement;
Invites donor countries and recipient countries to consider including, in their bilateral programmes and projects for the training of armed forces, security forces, prison staff, police and medical personnel, issues relating to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture, without neglecting their gender dimension;
The Study Group held an initial exchange of views based primarily on the report of the 2002 Study Group (A/57/10, paras. 489-513); and the thematic summary prepared by the Secretariat of the debate held by the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
Main programme resources
• Overall management of the decision-making processes and activities of the Office of the Prosecutor required under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the rules of the Office of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit highly qualified persons so as to have diversified and adjusted staff through career development and training opportunities, effective management of their entitlements and rights and a system that ensures that all staff members are physically, psychological and emotional in a position to perform their duties.
• All special equipment and articles shall be received and inspected prior to their admission to the Court
• Development of new Intranet modules
Physical organization at The Hague and in the field
Three interpreters per language for French, English, Russian and Spanish and four interpreters per language for Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider adopting appropriate legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of this Convention and consistent with the fundamental principles of its domestic law, to increase transparency in the financing of candidates for elected public office and, where appropriate, the financing of political parties.
(a) Public dissemination of procurement and procurement-related information, including information on competitive bidding and relevant information on the award of procurement contracts, with sufficient time for potential bidders to prepare and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the absence of dual criminality to refuse to provide assistance pursuant to this article.
(c) Meeting the special needs of Africa: consolidation of democracy, sustainable peace, eradication of poverty and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, a very poor developing country, more than others in the same category, is presented in the box below; it shows how the country works, with the assistance of the United Nations system, to engage in various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “Everything But Arms”, the Group of 77 looked forward to exploring with its development partners how to encourage such policies to contribute directly to the improvement of living conditions in African countries, to which the international community should provide full support if it was to achieve the goal of halving poverty in the Millennium Declaration.
Three key aspects of the information and communication technology strategy:
For the time being, we must take the necessary measures to prevent the situation from worsening further and to ensure that our President will not suffer any harm.
(e) Maintaining and strengthening the political and operational cooperation and support provided to the Tribunal by external partners such as Governments and non-State entities;
In addition, the time required for oral arguments (e.g. usually for two to five days, depending on the number of accused).
The practice of simultaneous trials is to try two cases for consecutive periods, for example, according to the following formula: trial A five weeks, trial B five weeks, trial A five weeks, etc. Defence counsel in the case A leaves Arusha while trial B takes place.
The members of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) welcome the study, which they consider it to be a well-prepared and useful framework for revising, reassessing or adjusting existing policies with regard to support costs related to extrabudgetary activities in the United Nations system.
In accordance with that resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur has submitted 10 major reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 progress reports to the General Assembly, plus 18 addenda to the Commission or the Assembly.
It would also like to draw the attention of the Egyptian authorities to the need to combat any advocacy of religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and should therefore be prohibited by law.
In accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized an expert seminar to examine the interdependence between democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group B
At the same time, over the past 10 years, European institutions, initiatives and legislation have increased towards inclusion, considering that the protection of the rights of minorities is an integral part of any democratic development.
As Guyana looks to this collective system for its peace and security, it wants to ensure that the new reform Council can reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is of the utmost importance.
We must therefore build global institutions and build effective partnerships in the context of fair and open trade, and support for the development of the least developed countries should also be strengthened.
A regional strategy has also been developed to facilitate HIV/AIDS interventions.
Mr. Pavanjeet Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where agreed by the States concerned, the adoption of a cross-border perspective for the sustainable development of mountain ranges and the exchange of information thereon;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration with a view to more effectively implementing chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) To closely monitor the operation of the global project to support the preparation of national communications, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and to continue to ensure that the implementation of the project is guided by the guidance of the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications as part of the programme of work has been reviewed.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As requested by the Statistical Commission at its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) Coordinating the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the verbatim records of its work;
Thirdly, the activities of the Department of Public Information should be intensified.
By increasing the volume of Russian-language information on the United Nations website, the number of Russian-language visitors has increased.
At the 4th meeting, the Chair also invited the representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, having considered a proposal by the Chair, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters relating to item 10 (a), (b) and (c) for adoption by the COP at its eighth session.
Notes
Suffice and salt are among the most important chemical components and metal deposits (freedom, zinc and lead) are very abundant.
From 1990 to 2002, Poland reformed its public service.
(h) Cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen cannot lose his citizenship unless he renounces his citizenship.
According to article 41, paragraph 1, deprivation of liberty or restriction of liberty is permissible only in accordance with the principles and modalities provided for by law.
The question of the Uazzani and Hasbani rivers continues to be a source of tension and possible escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Although these posts are frozen, they will continue to be included in the approved staffing table (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities requiring additional resources is contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments were made owing to changes in the exchange rate between the United States dollar, the currency in which the United Nations accounts are recorded, and the euro, the currency of the host country.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget as presented in table xx below;
Takes note of the Peace Fund: Peaceful settlement of territorial disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as the principal mechanism, given its wider regional scope, for the prevention and settlement of territorial and land- and maritime disputes, also takes note of the Caribbean Trust Fund established by the Conference on the Delimitation of Maritime Boundary in the Caribbean, held in Mexico City from 6 to 8 May 2002, which is primarily aimed at facilitating the participation of the Caribbean States in the Caribbean region;
Also takes note of the Pacific Islands regional policy approved at the thirty-third Pacific Islands Forum meeting, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest the increase in financial resources from bilateral donors, and noted the initiative of United Nations agencies to improve the coherence of their technical cooperation activities.
Some children, both governmental and rebel troops abducted or believed to join their ranks have been killed on the front lines.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Recognizing the responsibility of the international community to promote human rights and to ensure respect for international law,
Mr. Pecsteen de Buytswerve therefore supported the proposal to defer consideration of the item for two years, on the understanding that the vote of the motion did not imply a position in favour of or against the two draft resolutions; it was simply to recognize the need to base the agreement on a consensus.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Raising awareness among policymakers and public opinion of the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to help boost economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property disclosed in note 11 to the financial statements was the property of the organization as at 31 December 2002 and was not subject to any charges.
In a memorandum dated 5 February 2003, the Office of Internal Oversight Services found that the “special clause” remained invalid, since it was included in the contract at the time of recruitment, without prior use by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide all necessary assistance to the special rapporteurs and the joint mission to enable them to discharge their mandates fully;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in political discourse since the 1980s, indigenous peoples accused the Bank of a lack of commitment to the implementation and enforcement of their own policies, which are often interpreted as mere facade.
CFATF Secretariat 35-37 Sackville St.
Almost all countries have a chemical sector, but nearly 80 per cent of global production is the result of 16 countries, the vast majority of which are OECD members.
Resolution
In this regard, it was pointed out that, in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council had made clear that claims of political motivation should not be seen as grounds for refusing requests for the extradition of alleged terrorists.
The documents of the technical meetings and seminars held at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) Comment on the future direction of the Partnership and its programme for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to forward the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the COP for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of the post;
The increase in non-post resources ($810,800, or 5.6 per cent), relates mainly to the increase under grants and contributions ($840,900) to cover the cost of services rendered to the Unit by the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Central Support Services of the United Nations Office at Geneva (160 per cent), resulting in a reduction in the cost of furniture for the two posts referred to in paragraph 9 above;
These services are “multiple uses” for which definition and acceptance considerations are as important as most environmental goods.
By design, they are intended for specific purposes and are intended for environmental purposes: for example, a recycling plant remains a recycling plant, although the technologies used by it are highly modified.
For intellectual property rights, article 66 (2) and article 67 of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS), developed WTO members providing incentives for technology transfer, could be applied.
Several recommendations presented at the meeting related to possible actions at the national level:
The increase in requirements and the resulting overexpenditures under this heading are attributable to the revised adjustment rates approved effective 1 November 2002, the new salary scales for staff in the Professional and higher categories and for staff in the Field Service category (two categories whose status is governed by the 100 and 300 series of the Staff Rules) effective 1 January 2003, and the approval of a lower-than-budgeted termination indemnity.
(a) A new paragraph was added after the fifth preambular paragraph:
Description of the methods used to identify major sources Reference to the tables of the main sources of the CRF Information on the level of detail Tables 7.A1 to 7.A3 of the IPCC good practice guidance1
Annex I Parties should complete all cells for emission or removal estimates, activity data and emission factors.
Italy is one of the countries most affected by population ageing.
Thus, the topic concerned primary obligations of the State and implied that the existence and conciliation of “legitimate interests and multiple factors” were recognized.
It also has the merit of not obstructing judicial action on other grounds.
Another cause of common law is the public mandate rule, which finds greater application in the United States.
Introduction
We fully support efforts to streamline the activities of the General Assembly and are ready to assist other delegations, as well as ours, in meeting the seemingly perpetual burden.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the early 1990s, which contain important measures to revitalize the General Assembly and are based on the draft resolution we have just adopted.
The procedures differ because needs are different everywhere.
These warnings were accompanied by pressure to force us to accept amendments or modifications that would limit or diminish the rights of indigenous peoples recognized under international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, requesting membership in the World Trade Organization, bearing in mind paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/182 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who have served for a period of nine years, the amount of the annual pension is:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims identified as potentially overlapping with four “E4” claims reflect new or greater losses in relation to the “E4” claims.
UNSEQ number: E-2449
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several government representatives stated that in order to attract direct investment, these institutions must increase their support for the development of the necessary infrastructure, particularly in the ICT sector.
Moreover, globalization of development requires the elimination of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and increased resources, as well as increased participation of developing countries in international decision-making.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary border crossing point was opened between Restelica in Kosovo and Strezimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for the sole purpose of local residents.
The free movement of minorities has also been hampered by the decision of the authorities of the Government of Serbia not to sign an agreement on the use of Kosovo's license plates in Serbia and their calls to deter Kosovo Serbs from passing through UNMIK to register their vehicle.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their resolute support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, which we believe is an important first step towards the establishment of a legal norm in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to connect to global sites and the ECLAC regional follow-up to United Nations conferences and summits, which will be launched in June 2003 at the Fourth United Nations Regional Inter-Agency Technical Coordination Meeting.
Oil prices already included a “war bonus” of approximately $5 per barrel in the last months of 2002 and exceeded $31 per barrel in January 2003.
They will first have to make an initial structural adjustment by joining UEM in order to move closer to the baseline levels defined for budget deficits; therefore, given their position of departure, they may apply excessive fiscal rigour in this period, which would clearly have a negative impact on economic growth.
Aearn et al., op.
Under article 5 of the Home Rule Act, the power to conduct foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Danish Government and no part of this prerogative may be transferred to the Faroe Islands Self-Government.
For example, significant financial assistance is provided for the operating costs of ethnic minority associations, intercultural activities and information materials, as well as various types of local integration projects.
The Community Social Charter of 1989 provides for the right to collective action in cases of conflict of interest, in particular the right to strike, subject to the obligation to respect national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days in each quarter.
The high proportion of smokers in the population is mainly responsible for the relatively high mortality rate and has a negative impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played an important role in advocacy and has facilitated campaigns that have resulted in new tools and standards for the protection of children, as follows:
These organizations have played a major role in the formulation and implementation of the programme.
• ACP-European Union Cooperation: the ACP-EU Partnership Agreement signed in Cotonou, Benin, in 2000, took into account various elements proposed by the Special Representative at the ACP-EU Joint Assembly in March 1999.
The United Nations presence anywhere in the world has always been seen as a symbol and a guarantee of universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, attracted a wide audience, particularly in non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136-141, 144-146, 148 and 150
It also continued its efforts to raise awareness of the rights of women in all its activities and of the human rights mechanisms it supported, including through the adoption in 2002 of a gender mainstreaming strategy.
Previously, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established commissions or fact-finding teams.
Recommendations on travel grants
In accordance with the arrangements for consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, as approved by the Council in its resolution 1996/31, the organizations in consultative status shall report every four years on their activities, including their support for the work of the United Nations.
In line with the recommendations of ACABQ in its report (see A/C.5/57/SR.20), in 2002 UNFIP undertook a series of activities that are part of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects aimed at streamlining, targeting and making them more effective.
Focal points on women's issues have been appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Affairs is strengthening their capacity to implement the National Gender Policy.
Recalling its resolution 57/134 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs were a feature of the services economy, and often even large firms in developing countries were small enterprises worldwide.
In the area of statistics, data collection should be encouraged, as well as work on an assessment of the social and developmental impact of services liberalization.
Assistance was all the more important since African countries were pursuing parallel negotiations with the European Union with a view to concluding economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of technical authentication work to date
In order to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary and appropriate measures to strengthen legislation and institutional capacity in this area.
Cases by country
derogation
The Australian citizenship certificate is not an identity document.
Urges all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to work actively towards the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular on a common formula that could be included in a binding international instrument;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate to (a) subprogramme 3, Progressive development and codification of international law, of programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) section 8, Legal affairs, and section 2, General Assembly affairs and conference services, of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
The session was attended by representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Question 7.
To attempt to distinguish between the two types of cloning was intended only to attempt to conceal the fact that a human life was created to destroy it in order to produce embryonic stem cells or other experiments.
There was what discussion, and it seemed that the differences of opinion would persist, no opinion should be imposed on all others.
The development of transport infrastructure and information and communication technologies, including the removal of “missing links”, would improve transit transport and enable landlocked countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. De Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month for introducing the annual report of the Council covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Update of the United Nations System-wide Action Plan on Drug Abuse Control (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its deep concern at the tragic situation of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent displacement and to provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, recalls in this regard the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement, and urges the international community, led by the relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national projects and programmes aimed at alleviating the plight of internally displaced persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must bring benefits to all.
Most recently, in February 2003, two primary seismic monitoring stations in Lac-du-Bonnet (PS08) and Sherville (PS10), were officially registered by the Provisional Technical Secretariat; the construction of a radionuclides monitoring station (RN16) in Yellowknife was completed in March 2003.
It also welcomed the establishment of a general checkpoint and the transparency that had characterized recent senior appointments.
Also at the 61st meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally proposed an amendment to the draft resolution by which operative paragraph 6 (g) would read as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of increasing globalization, measures taken by a Government may often have a positive and negative impact on the right to food of the population of another country (e.g. in the context of trade in agricultural products).
Article 507 provides that members of the groups referred to in article 499 who cooperate with the judicial authorities in identifying the criminals or updating their criminal intentions will benefit from forgiveness.
In the longer term, a flexible and effective legal framework for security rights could be a useful instrument for accelerating economic growth.
Special Committee decision of 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We particularly welcome your efforts to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of those Territories, the majority of which are in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I invite you to consider the Committee as a friend, willing to work with you and with you, for the realization of the rights that are undoubtedly the thorns.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first Country Cooperation Framework approved by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, facilitate the development of a national integrated development plan, which will establish procedures for setting national development priorities over a decade, with a focus on health, population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
Within this Ministry, a Secretariat of State has been responsible for the advancement of women and the participation of women in development, demonstrating the Government's commitment to give specific attention to women's issues: in the Congo, all the State Secretariats participate in the meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia thanked the Quad and other countries for their initiatives in the area of market access for LDCs, which it felt had to create a competitive advantage and encourage investment in programme areas.
However, it is expected that the Organization will end the year with a positive cash balance (currently estimated at $44.0 million) under the regular budget — a result that would be favourable if the Organization were to meet the projected levels.
Bigamy
Law enforcement
We have provided food, tents, blankets, medicines and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, particularly flooding, also contribute to the deterioration of habitats and the depletion of resources in the East Asian subregion.
As part of their day-to-day activities, women are the main protectors of forest trees and therefore depend on future forest productivity.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation among developing countries, should not be overlooked.
The Government of Slovenia has established an interdepartmental working group to implement restrictive measures and follow up activities related to counter-terrorism.
By the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on Children and Armed Conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- The financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otiti (Uganda) said that her delegation had been inadvertently included among the authors because of a technical error.
(b) A certified copy of the memorandum and articles of association of the corporation;
Subject to other priorities and available resources, the Government of the Bahamas intends to move this process forward over the next few months.
Fifty-eighth session
One view was that the basic criterion for balancing the interests of buyers and secured creditors was the notion of “ordinary course of business”.
The Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget will have before it an in-depth study on a programme of technical cooperation on an annual basis.
The cotton problem was crucial, and the difficulties faced by African producers should be seen from both a moral and a economic perspective.
The Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) Emergency Programme of Action to reverse the spread of HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia aims to achieve the goals of the Declaration of Commitment through a comprehensive national response supported by UNAIDS technical, financial and tactical support and collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that it is primarily the responsibility of parents, who are in the best position to do so, to guide and educate children in a healthy environment, to instil in them the sense of duty, integrity, responsibility, civic responsibility, compassion and service towards others, to help strengthen families, communities and nations throughout the world;
Most Muslim countries in the Middle East, the Indian subcontinent, South-East Asia and parts of Africa are located.
27 October 2003, Baghdad
However, in cases where the sanctions imposed remain in force for a long period of time, as in the case of the Al-Qaida and Taliban sanctions regime, universal reporting requirements alone cannot be as effective.
The Government of East Timor is currently considering projects to effectively improve the capacity of East Timor police in both areas, in addition to its capacity to deal with civil unrest.
In addition, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police to deal with threats from criminal and armed groups in the countryside and the Tactical Coordination Line.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to indicate whether they wished to participate in the work of the new team and to provide the Office for Outer Space Affairs with the contact details of the focal point they would designate for that purpose.
The Gambian law penalizes to some extent the conduct referred to in this article, but the penalties provided must be radically reviewed.
Indeed, in both urban and rural areas, female illiteracy is combined with poverty and ingrained work, with dependency and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of partners from African countries have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to African countries.
The Group currently has seven persons.
The members of the Committee discussed the issue at length without reaching agreement on the causes of the problem or ways to address it.
They supported United States military activities in their territory, as they did not forget their own history; they knew from experience what constituted vulnerability and appreciated the security and protection offered by the United States.
Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Commerce of Guam, October-December 2001, www.admin.gov.gu/commerce.
Application of International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative
With regard to funding, the improvement in the 2002-2003 income and expenditure situation and the implementation of the revised recovery policy also provide good prospects for the UNICEF financial plan and budget.
Background
Summary table IV shows the proposed changes to the number of support budget posts for each of the main components of each appropriation line.
Summary table V provides a comparison of the total number of posts in each organizational unit for the current and future biennium.
Table 7
It summarizes the progress made by the Central American countries on the path of peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since my last report was issued in September 2002 (A/57/387 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit in Cuzco, Peru; the 19 members of the Group adopted the Cuzco Consensus, a strategic programme of action to overcome poverty and social exclusion, addressing the themes of democratic governance, cultural identity and external relations, and the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The enormous efforts to rebuild the region continue with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and their reports
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 17 to 19, 24, 25 and 27 September; 3, 11, 14, 15, 23 to 25 and 28 October; 6, 7, 13, 19, 22 and 25 November; 3, 4, 6, 9, 16 to 20 and 30 December 2002; 6, 9, 10, 15, 16, 23, 27, 29 and 31 January; 12 to 7, 12 to 14, 18, 20, 21, 25 and 26 March; 2, 3, 7, 8, 10, 14, 16, 22 and 24 April; 8, 9, 14, 15, 19, 20, 20 and 20 and 21 and 21 and 20 May; 21 and 21 and 21;
UNMOVIC has also had contacts with many Governments in the area of export control, particularly with regard to finding practical solutions to issues such as the definition of dual-use equipment and the appropriate balance between non-proliferation objectives and legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, this information is based on the recent update of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on budgeting in the United Nations system.
Of the 23 sustainable development partnerships identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are devoted entirely or mainly to renewable energy.
Nuclear non-proliferation and the peaceful uses of the atom can go hand in hand, provided that transparency and mutual confidence exist.
In this sense, the experience of developed democracies is indeed very valuable.
I take this opportunity to associate myself with the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the deepest condolences of the Bulgarian people to their families.
We will be able to speak of victory when these attacks will no longer take place, because they will defeat the entire nation.
The Government has identified some 30,000 persons affiliated with organizations identified as terrorists because of the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the designation of the operational entities that have been accredited and provisionally designated by the Council.
Only through their commitment and dedication has it been possible, with the assistance of the secretariat, to carry out the heavy and difficult tasks assigned to them.
APPLICABLE'S PREVENTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH PARAGRAPH 41 OF THE MODALITIES AND PROCEDURES OF THE CDM
Statistical Survey, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and April/May 2003, respectively, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
Let me now repeat the names of the two countries among the Asian States that wish to nominate a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Achievements in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was in the interest of both developed and developing countries to establish a sound and equitable multilateral trading system.
International agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to regulate, particularly in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy were of the utmost importance to the economies of the member countries of the Group.
FDI could play a fundamental role in the economic growth and development of host countries.
States
In essence, his delegation supported all the Special Rapporteur's suggestions, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
It was noted, in particular, that the sector, which was outside the control of the State and any tax system, played a major role in the economies of many developing countries in all regions.
The Commission's mandate, including the role of the Commission in the coordination of its activities in the field of science and technology for development
This joint programme would enable member States to better understand the prospects and risks of a global society and would help to implement the Secretary-General's fundamental proposals on science and technology at the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the Group of 8 July 2000 and the Dubai Declaration of the Group of 77 for the Promotion of Science and Technology in the South (October 2002).
It is necessary to specify in detail how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international development cooperation will focus on the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the chains, newcomers used this guide and, although other stations did not follow their example, normalization of pronunciation was still possible.
They took note of the convening of the Fourth Meeting of States Parties to the Convention from 16 to 20 September 2002 in Geneva.
They strongly supported unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures adopted by some Governments to reduce their military expenditures, thereby contributing to the strengthening of regional and international peace and security.
Vocational training and job creation should enable cities to enhance the potential of youth.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
2-3 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an introductory statement.
Although the Middle East region is a particularly sensitive area in the light of the various problems still valid and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that it is important for the international community to give priority to achieving this objective within the framework of the United Nations, in order to take a decisive step towards achieving peace in the region.
It should also be noted that there is a growing understanding that resolving the issue of the composition of the bureau will facilitate the strengthening of the agreement on the interpretation of the rules governing the composition of the bureau of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.30 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
Under the sanctions regime (paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraphs 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002)), Member States are required to freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources of the persons or entities engaged in such activities, including funds derived from or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such persons, entities or entities, and to ensure that their nationals and persons indirectly located in their territory are not readily or indirectly disposed of by them.
Practically all federal law enforcement agencies have contributed to this effort by providing basic and advanced training courses in all areas of financial crime.
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network - FinCEN
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade has the power, under article 7 of the Companies Act, to exercise control over the objectives, sources of funding and non-profit organization expenditure.
The mission stressed that they had not come to act as mediator or to intervene in the peace talks in Liberia, but they indicated to all parties what they considered necessary: full respect for the ceasefire; a comprehensive political settlement for the appointment of a Transitional Government that would organize free and fair elections; and respect for international humanitarian law, including immediate and unrestricted access to humanitarian organizations.
(d) Report of the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not generally implemented and the provisions of the various liability and relations conventions were difficult to understand.
The Advisory Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following issues at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission relating to the transfer of marine technology; (2) possible establishment of an internal procedure of IOC for the effective implementation of article 247 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea on the Transfer of Marine Science and Oceanographic Research Projects of International Organizations or under their auspices;
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
As a result of the conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the centre of the international development agenda.
He hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States would follow the same pattern of review, and that the General Assembly would request the Secretary-General to submit an annual progress report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
Following a civil war that has devastated the national economy, Burundi cannot complete this programme of internal and external dislocation to combat poverty without the support of the international community.
This has a detrimental effect on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to transmit to the Secretary-General, in time for deliberation by the General Assembly at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways to strengthen and broaden participation in the standardized reporting system, including changes to its content and structure;
The difficulty of deciding at the outset whether the debtor should be subject to liquidation rather than reorganization proceedings has led some countries to review their insolvency law and to replace the separate proceedings with “unitary” proceedings.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, to school in view of potentially dangerous situations.
We attach high priority to our collaboration with our partners in WHO and others to encourage breastfeeding as the best way to protect the health of children.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532) and the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and its continuing efforts to secure the conclusion of bilateral agreements with member States pursuant to article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the authorities of Argentina, Belarus, Ecuador, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, Guatemala, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria (3), Pakistan, Peru, Sudan, Tunisia (2), Turkey, Spain and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge shall inform his or her personal and fiduciary financial interests and make every reasonable effort to be informed of the financial interests of his or her family members.
Member States reported some difficulties encountered in the implementation of the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthening of technology support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms; strengthening human capacity; identifying new technologies and applications; and encouraging international collaboration in support of research in neglected areas;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile, as well as by the observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of IFCS (Forum IV), held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In his opening statement, Mr. Kim Hak-Su welcomed the first substantive step of the process leading to a final international conference on chemicals management in 2006.
Response measures
I would like to say that working with you in the Council at the United Nations has been an enriching experience for me.
We particularly appreciate the determination and conviction with which you will defend your country's positions under extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
Activities
A technical cooperation project for the Maputo Trade Point (Mozambique) is under way and is expected to be completed by the end of 2003.
DMFAS is self-financing by making debt service procedures more efficient and by identifying inconsistencies in creditor claims.
It is a smaller country with a smaller population, but 2.2 million people are threatened with famine.
I still cannot understand why it is so difficult to accept this state of affairs.
Article 2.8 The Secretary-General may submit additional proposals for the programme budget whenever appropriate.
Article 4.5 The Peacekeeping Reserve Fund shall be established as a cash-flow mechanism to enable the Organization to intervene promptly during the start-up phase of new or expanded peacekeeping operations and to meet unforeseen and extraordinary peacekeeping-related costs.
These agreements, inter alia, indicate the services to be provided by the United Nations on a full-cost basis.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Considers that it is preferable in the interest of the Organization to give or dispose of the property at a nominal price to another intergovernmental organization, a Government, a public body or other non-profit organization.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after full investigation, authorize the writing-off of losses of cash, goods and other assets, provided that a statement of all such amounts written off shall be submitted to the Board of Auditors together with the accounts.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally amended?
Abstaining:
The nature of confidence-building measures, therefore, must be defined and agreed on the basis of volunteerism, at the rate deemed appropriate by States taking part in the process.
Otherwise, developing countries will be further marginalized.
In Kisangani, she met with the families of the victims of the May 2002 killings and victims of sexual violations and also visited the prison and cachots.
The cost of the replacement option for the construction of prefabricated offices is estimated at $985,671.
The special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of the working groups of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as the chairpersons of the human rights treaty bodies, deplore the use of counter-terrorism as a pretext for threatening human rights defenders and targeting vulnerable groups because of their origin and socio-economic consequences, which is particularly the case of migrants who belong to them.
Why is this?
My fifth proposal is of a general nature: it is to act on the source of these two evils.
In order to achieve a lasting settlement of these conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and the transitional Governments of those States be held accountable and brought to justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which invites regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and the States of the region in the full implementation of the arms embargo as a fundamental component of the national reconciliation process in Somalia.
Indeed, the League of Arab States has played its role in responding to the deterioration of the political and security situation in the region, be it Palestine, Iraq and regional security.
It has also endeavoured to ensure that inspectors, when they return to Iraq, can work and move freely — an effort recognized in Security Council resolution 1441 (2002).
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Encourages the organizations of the United Nations system to mainstream a gender perspective in all their programmes and policies, including in a coherent follow-up to United Nations conferences, in accordance with agreed conclusions 1997/2 on gender mainstreaming adopted by the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 1997, and welcomes the decision of the Economic and Social Council to devote one of the two themes to its 2004 substantive session;
It is true that a large number of HIPC countries do not adequately implement the IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
The main counsel that Mr. Duque can give to the Commission is not to allow this issue to take a political turn.
Strengthening United Nations action in the field of human rights through the promotion of international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that, thanks to increased efforts and implementation, a reasonable compromise can be achieved on the issue of Security Council reform in all its aspects.
My delegation would like to take this opportunity to reiterate once again that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea has fully fulfilled its obligations under the terms of the 1994 Agreed Agreement between the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and the United States until its withdrawal from the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopted the concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections may be submitted within seven days of the receipt of the record or of the closure of the session, whichever is later.
Welcoming the reorganization of the bureaux of the Committee and its two subcommittees, his delegation looked forward to working with them on issues such as space education and natural disaster mitigation.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of annual meetings with the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of the Office of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit on Sustainable Development to achieve more effective and coherent implementation of the three objectives of the Convention and the significant reduction in the current rate of loss of biodiversity by 2010, which will require action at all levels, including the implementation of national strategies and action plans for the conservation of biodiversity and the allocation of new and additional financial and technical resources to developing countries,
This budget should be adjusted to take into account the costs and resources resulting from the unification of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In operative paragraph 4, the two “staff” occurrences were replaced by the word “Professional” and the phrase “encourage the Secretary-General to intensify his efforts” was replaced by the phrase “encourage the Secretary-General and the executive heads of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned at the remaining challenges,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination, as contained in chapter III, section C.4 of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of the Central Asian countries on trafficking in small arms and light weapons, during which a discussion was held on the ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General submitted in accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999 and the reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It is important that the Congress return to its original refusal to support national repairs and ensure the funding and institutional stability of payments through the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed simply because they were Serbs and to send to all Serbs in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must go and that there is no chance of reconciliation, or to reach the multi-ethnic society provided for in Security Council resolution 1244 (1999), and we all call for our wishes.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps, an organization responsible for responding to civil emergencies.
For this reason, the responsibility of Israel is to put an end to these violations of Lebanese airspace and to prevent them from escalating tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as set out below.
In this august Organization, there is and will always be zero tolerance of those who advocate intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence”.
The Committee agreed that the two secretariats should continue to collaborate.
At its resumed 2001 session, the Committee had before it special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint submitted by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that his only concern was to ensure that the NGO did not abuse its status with the Council by carrying out its activities in a manner that undermined the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (from 25th to 50th) were held.
However, cross-cutting linkages, balance to be sought, time-bound order, costs and benefits such as perceived were extremely complex issues.
Angola hosted the seventh African Oil and Gas Trade and Finance Conference in May 2003.
If the answer is “Yes”, please describe the measures that have been taken.
Persons whose DNA is being analysed also have the right to know who collects such information, for whatever purposes, where it is stored and who may have access to it.
The criteria for issuance in the European Patent Convention are (i) novelty; (ii) inventive activity; (iii) industrial application.
2, and 17.b) of the European Agreement on Road Trademark of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Performers, Producers of Phonograms and Broadcasting Organizations of 26 October 1961.
(h) Obtain approval of the implementation plan;
For example, the rural male population has increased in the north-east and south-west regions (from 49.8 per cent to 50.0 per cent and 49.3 per cent respectively), while the rural male population has decreased in the following regions: Bucharest (from 49.8 per cent to 49.4 per cent), the South (from 49.4 per cent to 49.2 per cent), the North-west (from 49.7 per cent to 49.5 per cent) and the Centre (from 50.1 per cent to 50.1 per cent).
Women and men also have equal rights to the citizenship of their children.
The different methods of family planning were not well known before 1989 and couples were mostly using natural methods and condoms.
This revaluation of the amount of the allowance takes into account the increase in the price of school supplies, food, clothing and other items of strict necessity for children, and aims to prevent school dropouts, which has increased in recent years owing to the decline in the financial resources of families with children.
The inadequacy of development activities in the country's most unstable areas has not been without consequences.
More than 40 countries benefited from the United Nations Development Group Common Services pilot programme, with donor grants to finance or improve common services to 24 country teams.
UNDP partnerships with the international financial institutions — particularly the Bretton Woods institutions — focus both on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and on poverty reduction strategy papers.
A representative may not, in raising a point of order, speak on the substance of the matter under discussion.
(e) Recall that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation has designated the Commission as the focal point for the discussions on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and reaffirm that partnerships, as voluntary initiatives by stakeholders, contribute to the implementation of intergovernmental commitments under Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
B. MESTING
We look forward to your consideration of our proposal.
Thus, the proposal to impose an immediate moratorium on the commercial activities of the extractive industries in Liberia is based on past experience and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
In their view, model 3, to the extent that it deviated less than the other two of the current system, would be suitable for pilot use by several organizations.
Conditions of service of staff in the Professional and higher categories
As a result, the amounts of the mobility and hardship allowance would also remain unchanged.
(e) Study on grade equivalency between the United Nations civil service and the United States federal civil service.
The Panel further noted that each of the borrowings was under way prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and assessing progress towards sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights stressed the importance of improving the response of the international community to violence by strengthening prevention efforts at the national level and through international cooperation.
While nearly 50 corporate leaders were present at its official launch by the end of 2003, the Global Compact has become a highly developed international network with more than 1,000 companies worldwide, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, as well as academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by reporting institutions are reported.
• Borrowing (D) and credit (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines has created a climate of close coordination and cooperation among Governments, international organizations and similar NGOs.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11
The working group recognizes the importance of the summary accompanying the report.
Following those deliberations, the members of the Committee, on the basis of the provisions relating to the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on its fortieth session (1997) approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, reached the following agreement, which will serve as a basis for the election of the officers of the Committee at the opening of its forty-sixth session.
(b) To encourage dialogue among States, indigenous peoples and other actors on the concept of indigenous peoples in the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III
Indigenous Peoples' Association
Most Governments are aware of the growing threat posed by the continued illicit manufacture of, trafficking in and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and attach high priority to measures to reduce that threat.
Those successes required long-term investment in economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations has raised issues of law and order with the Special Committee.
Statement submitted by the Congregation of Our Lady of Charity of the Good Shepherd, a non-governmental organization in special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 provides updated information on the financial position of UNTASO and the Civilian Police Support Group as at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lauro Baja, Jr.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Booby-Traps and Other Devices as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, as amended on 3 May 1996) annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they be defined to facilitate the monitoring and evaluation of results and that efforts be made to establish timetables for the implementation of outputs.
However, the Advisory Committee is not convinced that there is a need for three additional posts to maintain military expertise.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continue cooperation with grass-roots indigenous organizations, acknowledge their marginalization and strengthen their capacity to address issues of national and international concern;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1356 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo would not apply to protective clothing, including bulletproof and military helmets, temporarily exported to Somalia for their personal use exclusively by United Nations personnel, media representatives, humanitarian personnel, development assistance personnel and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the Research Centre on Islamic History, Art and Culture (IRICA) in Istanbul to preserve the cultural heritage and Islamic identity of Muslim communities in non-OIC Member States.
It addressed the impact of the information society on economic and social and cultural development, and urged industrial States to develop a programme of work to enable developing States to benefit from communication technologies to bridge the digital divide and decided to participate actively in the World Summit on the Information Society and to coordinate their positions.
Condemns any form of repression against refugees, including armed attacks on refugee camps, and pressure on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, aimed in particular at strengthening Islamic solidarity among Member States and strengthening their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and in all vital sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to achieve consensus on its programme of work, including the establishment of subsidiary negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, the prevention of an arms race in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and effective international measures to protect non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to commence substantive work on the prevention of an arms race in outer space as soon as possible.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons
Resolution No.
Thanks the IDB for organizing a workshop on “Private sector investment and the role of the IDB in the OIC Member States” from 14 to 16 September 2002 in Istanbul, and also thanks the Republic of Turkey for hosting the workshop.
Takes note with appreciation of the draft resolutions contained in the report of the ninth meeting of the private sector.
Further calls upon Member States that have technical facilities for the conservation and restoration of manuscripts to grant scholarships to staff members of the Institute with a view to enhancing their expertise in this field.
Recalling further United Nations resolution 49/60 on the Declaration of Principles to Combat International Terrorism;
With regard to the entire West African region, which I hope will receive sustained attention from the Council and other agencies of the United Nations system following our mission and report, the subregional problems are enormous, and we have identified them in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the work of the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be decisive in preventing a possible conflict from erupting if the necessary measures are not taken.
Such negotiations may have a number of disadvantages, as they require highly qualified and experienced staff and involve an increased risk of abusive or corrupt practices.
In the accompanying letter, UNCITRAL requested “comments on specific provisions to facilitate the preparation of an analytical commentary to be submitted to the Commission”.
It was therefore necessary to combine economic and political efforts and implement all relevant United Nations resolutions calling for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from all the occupied territories and proclaiming the right of the Palestinian people to a politically independent and economically viable State.
Following the adoption of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003), the Minister of Finance of Jordan, in its note No. 12/3/2908 of 3 April 2003, provided the customs authorities with the names of the individuals and entities listed in the consolidated list and requested them to prohibit the customs clearance of goods imported or exported by such persons or entities and to forfeit them if they are located on the territory, and to transmit to the Customs Office any information concerning them.
Invites States to review and reform, as appropriate, legislation and practices to raise the minimum age of marriage to 18 years, with or without parental consent, for both girls and boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteur with all the data collected from all relevant sources of information, including a compilation of studies and publications on the implications of terrorism and the effects of counter-terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends the following draft resolution for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session:
Furthermore, the Committee has no objection to the fact that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the Emergency Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 are supplemented by an amount not exceeding $200,000 (see A/58/214, para.
Each subsystem is adapted to the computer environment and the procedures of the organization concerned.
Participants and beneficiaries will be the first to see improved services available to them.
Group of 77 (Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important instrument of social change because it enables everyone to acquire new values and change their relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights enshrines the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and proclaims that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, that everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in the Declaration, without distinction of any kind, and that the individual has duties to the community in which only the free and full development of his or her personality is possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to assert that the local staff must fulfil their obligations under the national service and several Eritreans working for UNMEE have been arrested.
The Committee will encourage those providing assistance to focus, through expanded capacity-building assistance programmes, on counter-terrorism capacity; to give greater priority to training; and to ensure that programmes are implemented in a timely and results-oriented manner.
12.44 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Division on Investment, Enterprise Development and Technology.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they amounted to $21,478,915 including advances from several Member States on their contributions for the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or place where their lives are in danger and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers from leaving a country where their lives are at risk;
There is a growing tendency to give priority to peace to the detriment of justice, which can be understood in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises during a peace process, but which in fact undermines the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear no objection, I shall take it that the Assembly agrees to that suggestion.
The General Assembly should elect 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded this stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
It regretted, however, that there were still countries that had not adopted it in some regions where the proliferation of ballistic missiles remained an urgent problem.
In view of the proposed establishment of new reception centres for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration and the increased workload of the Section, a net increase of 38 posts is proposed.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, his delegation supported a broad scope of application.
As in the previous instalments, the Panel has reviewed the claims in part two of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after assessing the documentary and other evidence, balancing the interests of the claimants who had to flee a war zone with those of Iraq, which is liable only for direct losses and losses resulting from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
However, in order to solve this problem, our State looks forward to the future assistance of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The Palestinian Authority's media, educational institutions and religious and political figures instil hatred, glorify and offer a moral bond, both human and divine, to massacres.
If we meet the timetable, each will have the opportunity to address the Council.
Let Israel end the occupation of our territory, stop sending settlers, stop violating our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess the progress made on the clean development mechanism and, where appropriate, take appropriate action, recommends that the Conference of the Parties consider including in its decision on the guidelines to the Executive Board the following preambular paragraphs and preambular paragraphs.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections were suspended, but the dictatorial government in Pinochet attempted to improve the provision of local services, resulting in a number of reforms, including in the area of revenue-sharing.
In accordance with Sub-Commission resolution 2002/21 the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had identified as the main themes of its work in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004: “Community-based dispute resolution on indigenous issues”; in 2005: “Protection of traditional indigenous knowledge at the national and international levels”; and in 2006: “Indigenous children and youth”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting a grant shall be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and the continuous development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
General Assembly resolution 57/65 on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason why it was not mentioned in the programme document was raised.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2
In real terms, expenditure on children increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having also examined the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to New Caledonia,
Therefore, there should be no exception when it comes to the right of peoples to struggle by arms for self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): The participation of civil society, in general, and non-governmental organizations, in particular, is prescribed by the Convention process.
d Pledges made at the sessions of the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities held in November 2000 for the year 2001 and November 2002 for the year 2003.
As at 16 January 2003, the total additional voluntary contributions made available for the twenty-second session of the Board amounted to $551,548 (see table 1 above).
(d) If the purpose of the proceeding is to terminate or terminate the contract of an employee and, in the opinion of the head of State, the head of Government or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the employer State, such action may interfere with the security interests of the State;
This session will be held at the Fiera Milano Congress Centre, Milan.
Whether or not this process is properly recognized and designated (as a transitional society or a knowledge society) or not, any development, any regulation that enhances knowledge acquisition systems, destroys human potential, enhances its value and leads to social, economic and political life brings a society closer to this new phase of development.
Mary Ann informed me of his intention to leave UNHCR for personal and professional reasons, and I accepted his request, not without regret.
The Committee suggests that all age groups should be included in the Friends of the Chair indicator.
Stressing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts made in this regard by the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work done by the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Allocation of non-permanent seats in relation to regions
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete the subparagraph.
The representative of any regional agreement or organization should indicate in writing to the President of the Security Council that he wishes to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how better guidance could be provided for the implementation of such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee requests the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies it has adopted to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of the legislation on equality between men and women, including in the area of women's representation at the various levels of government and the civil service.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety and security of all personnel under the auspices of the United Nations participating in the Force;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (General Assembly resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 53/242)1
Fundamental economic laws were under consideration, including investment and business registration laws and a bankruptcy bill.
It is encouraging to note that there have been no recent repetition of events in late 2002 and early this year.
The fourth key point is that the Government of East Timor has managed to generate income of $44.1 million, of which $26.7 million was for income from the Timor Sea during the current year, which shows that the State is increasingly able to mobilize its own resources.
The carrier should not deal with the liability of the performing carrier.
Additional statements and contributions concerning the preparation of the draft instrument
(d) generally encourage activities aimed at strengthening the independence of the judiciary and the bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and is increasing over the years.
One of them was reportedly executed at the main entrance to the university, apparently with the aim of creating a climate of terror after a demonstration organized shortly by students.
The international community should be concerned about this growing trend towards the use of excessive force;
We would also like to reiterate that, with regard to the controversy on the issue of agent inner XV and the coal bird, which were destroyed unilaterally by Iraq, Iraq has made concrete proposals during recent technical discussions with Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February, with the aim of resolving the issues considered by the former Special Commission as vague or outstanding.
Efforts have been made in the past in the form of proposed texts in the hope of breaking the political impasse.
We intend to increase the number of customs and procurement experts for import monitoring in Iraq.
We will strive for peace because we can achieve it if we sincerely seek to achieve it, with unwavering determination and political will.
I wish to reiterate to them France's confidence and full support in their mission.
But Spain is aware that peace and security are guaranteed by respect for and implementation of Security Council resolutions and that it will happen at a time when, in the absence of a change in political attitude, the Council will be obliged to assume its responsibilities in the name of international peace and security due to the lack of new cooperation on the part of the regime of Saddam Hussein.
In this regard, the efforts of the international community and the Security Council towards the Baghdad regime are still the main factor in ensuring Iraq's cooperation with the inspectors, and this is also the main condition for a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) To be consistent with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
Financial entities;
As we have indicated, Egypt has signed or ratified all the conventions except the 1979 Convention on Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which reflects its positive attitude to the fight against terrorism.
Moreover, since it is impossible to build confidence overnight, we must remain patient to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7
Senior Legal Officer
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia still attract a large audience and a third is expected to open shortly, this time in Adigrat.
In some cases, for example in the water sector, the number of transnational corporations capable of operating around the world is very limited.
Under these principles, the Government of Croatia has undertaken a wide range of social and economic reforms aimed at promoting employment growth and social welfare, such as the effective implementation of its National Strategy for the Eradication of Poverty and the Fight against Social Exclusion and the creation of social partnerships, which will give priority to human resources and ensure education and science a central role in the pursuit of social progress.
The 218th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be held on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism has been installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 2003)1
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 2003)1
In order for persons with disabilities to enjoy their rights fully, the international community should widely support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, taking into account historical, cultural and developmental differences among countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be guided by all international norms and standards on disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also those derived from the resolutions of United Nations bodies and agencies.
The African Union has affirmed that African peoples must strive to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of affirmative action for persons with disabilities.
In order for the secretariat's divisions to have adequate resources, the 13 per cent charge against the project budgets should be allocated to the project implementation division.
The disruption in the provision of medicines, disposable materials and spare parts for equipment — especially those for emergency services, therapy and surgical units and other services for both adults and children — has made the conditions under which medical personnel provide their care extremely difficult.
Does this policy have a meaning?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/11 in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and in accordance with the provisions of its Constitution relating to compliance with international law.
[Original: English] [17 June 2003]
Employment has progressed slowly and the unemployment rate has remained at a reasonably low level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[21 May 2003]
Limited access to energy sources and high fuel costs and consequent shortages have had a serious impact on urban transport, increased production costs and adversely affected the effective implementation of social and urban activities.
Introduction
Verify who is the applicant with a bank account and wishes to transfer more than US$ 10,000 or the equivalent to another currency.
Article 35(1) of the Rules provides as follows:
For example, it could, as proposed by the Secretary-General, establish a multi-stakeholder group on debt restructuring mechanisms whose discussions and conclusions could be brought to the attention of intergovernmental decision-making bodies.
