It is therefore a matter of great concern that laws to combat terrorism give the law enforcement and intelligence agencies exceptional powers of surveillance and investigation without having to refer them to justice.
Ms. Borzi Cornacchia (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur viewed her future programme of work and whether she planned to include missions.
First, there is a need to increase the representativeness of the Government, particularly in security institutions, and to intensify efforts towards national unity and reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including warlords and the Taliban — benefit from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend, which is contrary to the most fundamental principles of international humanitarian law, and raises critical questions that need to be addressed urgently.
The Committee requests the State party to disseminate widely its concluding observations at all levels of society, including among State officials and members of the judiciary, and to inform the Committee in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement those observations.
If additional funds were made available for programmes in Africa, the programme budget resources for the region would increase, as suggested in the high assumption.
Adoption of the report on credentials
6 See resolution 50/6.
In the second phase, under the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, one P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the Website Section to strengthen the language capacity of the site.
Organization chart
A new gender analysis guide will be released in 2003.
The statistics provided (see responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) seem to show that the impact has been to reduce women's access to unemployment benefits.
In this context, emphasis should be placed on the specific needs of least developed countries, since their participation in global trade remains marginal and, to date, none of them has become a member of the World Trade Organization.
Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq is disrupting our Governments.
There is a priority commitment for us, as in Iraq.
In response to this situation, my country believes that the draft resolution is an effective means of strengthening the pressure on Iraq to comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
This is an attempt to confuse things.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Development and transfer of technologies” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The proposed legislative reforms, inter alia, require technical assistance, including the acquisition of equipment necessary for strengthening security at ports of entry and training of personnel, particularly in the area of detection of fraudulent travel documents.
Noting the efforts made by some territorial Governments to meet the highest standards of financial supervision,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
In considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/114 containing the guidelines for the implementation by the Sub-Commission of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other decisions and practices relating thereto.
The assessment of the level of education of girls in the Horn of Africa and East Africa has identified the causes of the problem, which have already been found elsewhere: the scale of domestic work and the financial sacrifice of girls' education to the family are the main social factors preventing them from receiving equal education with boys; and the lack of textbooks.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly is beginning as we respond to the Secretary-General's call for reflection on the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, there are still a number of actions that need to be taken to ensure that future generations feel positively.
In this period of economic hardship, the Government spent over $5 million last year on services designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
OPINION No.
The original judgement was rendered in favour of the applicants, but the United Arab Emirates Supreme Court subsequently reversed the judgement.
The Government claims that these persons were arrested for conspiracy with enemy forces to overthrow the legal Government.
Yawowi Agboyibo, a lawyer, former parliamentarians, Chairman of the Action Committee for Renewal (CAR), a political party, was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to six months and imprisoned at the Lomé civil prison, despite his appeal.
The Working Group, having rendered this opinion, requests the Government to adopt the necessary measures to remedy the situation, in accordance with the standards and principles set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
First, the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves must be addressed through appropriate formulas and adequate time frames for their respective decolonization processes.
The resolution of this outstanding issue will only strengthen confidence.
These historic initiatives help to better identify the needs and aspirations of peoples under colonial rule by giving them the necessary radiation in a highly competitive globalized economy.
Only the United Nations has a legitimate mandate under its Charter and has the legal, political and international legitimacy to meet the greatest challenges to international peace and security.
Therefore, the United Nations must not only continue its tasks in Iraq, but also extend them and provide more robust support to the Iraqi people.
UNAIDS is currently funding a post of HIV/AIDS Adviser at the headquarters of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, which coordinates the overall strategy and initiatives to facilitate work in the field.
In accordance with article 5, paragraph 3, of its substantive statute, the organization, on the proposal of its General Coordinator and in consultation with the Executive Council, carried out the de facto exclusion of Ms. Bonavita, regardless of her status in the organization, for violating the Council's rules of procedure, disrupting the work of the Commission on Human Rights and failing to respect the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement shall operate under Article 3 through the following organs:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the Law on the National Human Rights Commission of Mongolia.
While, in the view of some members of the Working Group, that provision did not necessarily have to be included in insolvency law and could be left to ordinary law, it was observed that it was closely related to recommendation 70 and, for reasons of clarity and legal certainty, should be included in insolvency law.
After discussion, some support was expressed for the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also a party to many international treaties on corruption, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes of Money-Laundering related to Illicit Drug Trafficking and Related Crime, and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of establishing a management school in the United Nations system was based on the perception that there was a need to improve the coherence and effectiveness of the international civil service.
(c) Whether or not it is desirable, given the nature of the activity, to grant subcontractors exclusive rights;
In both cases, the market leader's position cannot be considered automatically acquired.
However, the United Nations business portfolio includes high-value-added products with little global equivalents.
Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/Financial Rules/Rev.2/Amend.2), 12 February 1980.
In 2002, the executive board reviewed the structure and composition of the secretariat, with insufficient staffing.
While not part of the Group's in-session documentation, all three documents may not be ready in time for the session, they will be available on the UNCTAD website, as will all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessional periods 45 20
The three options are not mutually exclusive.
However, when they occur, the Republic of Haiti has begun to follow up on them.
This system has proven its effectiveness in its most visible part, namely the electronic presentation of exhibits in the court.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also challenges the principle of default referral of the Rome Statute as to which organ — the Court or the Council — is empowered to deal first with individual criminal cases involving officials or personnel present or past from a State not party to the Rome Statute with respect to acts or omissions occurring in an operation established or authorized by the United Nations.
It is also the Secretary-General's reasoning prior to the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
The International Criminal Court, of which 90 States are parties, has thus far become a reality, given the election this year of its 18 judges and of its Prosecutor and the forthcoming appointment of its Registrar.
Although the Eldoret Declaration was signed by all the factions participating in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, most of these factions continued to combat and import or receive weapons.
The first identified recipient of arms and ammunition from the Ethiopian Government was Ali Mahdi.
According to United Kingdom customs officials in Nairobi and London, heroin is being trafficked into Somalia by vessels from South Asia to Africa and West.
Singapore
The political turbulence that marked its first year in power has completely devastated the country in terms of equipment.
Myanmar legislation covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and establish an effective system of protection so that United Nations and associated personnel can carry out their security missions.
Although it began its work less than two years earlier, it has already achieved tangible results.
The Friends of fish consider fisheries subsidies to be harmful to the environment and cause marine resources to be depleted.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
In particular, it served as a framework for developing a common language for United Nations staff on the prevention of armed conflict through interaction and exchange of experience.
The consulting actuary was also responsible for proposing alternative funding methods for future after-service health insurance liabilities.
Management service contracts between UNDP and various donors were all executed by the Office of Project Services (UNOPS).
Table 7 Expenditures by region for management service contracts for financial periods ended 31 December 2002 and 31 December 2001
Table 8 provides a summary of the reserve accounts for field accommodation.
However, the 1995 figures of the Supreme Court showed that two of the 16 indictees for the culture of marijuana were women.
The Church is probably the most influential institution in Samoa society.
In practice, the police have made it necessary for a woman police officer to be present when a victim of domestic violence or sexual abuse is considered.
The Overseas Financial Centre is headed by a Legal Officer and its staff includes another Legal Officer.
Adolescent pregnancy continues to be particularly marked in rural areas, and concerted efforts are usually made to marry the girl child as soon as possible in the face of the continuing situation, resulting in the punishment of the family involved from the village council, usually the girl child.
Non-governmental organization
Every effort should be made to revive this process without delay, while at all costs preserving the norm established 30 years ago and still valid against biological weapons.
This legislation is of great importance to Armenia, as it creates an adequate legislative basis for further strengthening of the country's export control system, one of the key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance represent a particularly important challenge for our time and an imperative in building a world that will guarantee the development of nations in universal harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation by Belgrade to the Mission to join in the search for a solution to the practical issues related to the opening of two new border crossing points in the part of Kosovo along the border of Serbia and Montenegro and Macedonia.
The United Kingdom therefore fully supports the “standards before status” policy.
I join in thanking Mr. Annabi for his briefing and for the information he has provided us.
India will provide further clarification as necessary on its comments and will also participate in discussions to resolve the issues raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 269th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) as Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla (Cuba) and Mr. Ravan A. G. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) as Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta) as Rapporteur.
These included the continued modernization of the technical components of the system to ensure its continued presence on the Internet, including through the UNISPAL “Question of Palestine” interface on the United Nations home page under “Peace and security”, and the expansion of its collection by adding new and old documents.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
But before giving them the floor, I would like to make a few introductory remarks as Japan takes the Chair of the Conference.
The Committee for Development Policy intends to review this issue at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General will address this issue in a report to the General Assembly shortly.
She would like to know more about France's vision for the future with regard to special measures.
It covers the period since the first report of ISAF III, and also presents the final assessment of ISAF III prior to the transfer of command to ISAF IV.
Comment.
(iii) The Secretary-General's decision on this recommendation is not subject to appeal.
(6) The idea that a unilateral act is based in principle on a single State appears, prima facie, to be clearly mentioned.
Mr. Raytchev (Bulgaria): I would like to begin by thanking the delegations of the United States and the United Kingdom for their comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
Therefore, combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought through sustainable development policies is a major global challenge.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has so far focused on the authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 It is expected that the objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat units located at the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support to the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and cooperate fully in the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive drug control strategy based on close cooperation between the parties concerned and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between the Guatemalan authorities and the Mexican authorities were defined in the Border Security Plan between Mexico and Guatemala.
The countries of the region were studying all the implications of such creation.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), noting that Armenia claimed to have implemented all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, asked what was the Council's main demand for the immediate and unconditional withdrawal of the Armenian armed forces occupying the Azerbaijani territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I called on the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and unrestricted implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the United Nations Information and Communication Technologies Task Force, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The determined commitment of the Kosovo self-government authorities is crucial to breaking the power of such crime and it is through concrete results that we will judge their ability to exercise the powers that have been transferred to them.
If the situation is evolving towards a return to peace, UNRWA will need to meet the demands of a transition from conflict to recovery and development, and to that end will appeal for special funds similar to that which it had launched for its Peace Implementation Programme following the signing of the Oslo Accords.
(ii) A decrease of $300,000 in the provision for maintenance of premises owing to the non-reimbursable updating of the 2002-2003 budget;
1.79 Align health policy and service standards with those of host authorities in order to optimize the use of resources and avoid duplication and priority conflicts.
Disease prevention and control
1.141 Increased computer usage and office automation.
Table 15 Operational and technical services: resource requirements by expenditure category
Improvement of the status of women in rural areas
- Retain the word “technical” after the word “support” in the first line and insert the word “and” before the word “technical” for the text to read “technical and effective”.
(d) Ensure that the various institutional actors take due account of the values of public service, in particular in relation to honesty of behaviour, sound management of resources, transparency in decision-making, evaluation, accountability and commitment to providing services to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed by paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002);
Any initiative to benefit indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
We are now looking to put Côte d'Ivoire to work and resume our activities, as in the past, in concert with all neighbouring countries of the subregion.
This would result in a start in accountability that would significantly improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The Export Authority is requested, prior to validating a certificate, to require the exporter to present a declaration that exported rough diamonds are not conflict diamonds.
Other progress reported is:
(c) To examine the extent to which the recommendation of the United Nations Board of Auditors that the Registrar endeavour to reduce costs by appointing resident counsel close to the seat of the Tribunal may be followed, in view of the international nature of the Tribunal, and make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the issue of late disclosure of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, there had been delays in the peace process and the weapons collection programme, and the process of weapons destruction was stalled.
It was also said that the distinction between contractual and real aspects was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the decision taken by the Committee at its first session, a pre-sessional working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the views of the child
(f) To devote more resources, both financial and human, to specialized education, including vocational training and assistance to families of children with disabilities;
(a) Develop a set of measures to make children and parents aware of the implementation of the provisions of the Convention (including initiatives to reach people who are illiterate or have not benefited from formal education), civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including the Shebiyya;
(d) Continuing challenges in raising parents' awareness of their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective mechanisms for the periodic review of the treatment of children and any other circumstances relating to their placement.
The question was, therefore, what approach was being taken to strengthen and improve the elements of the enjoyment of human rights and its control relating to persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia addressed a letter to the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, denouncing the decision as “illegal, unjust and irresponsible”, and rejecting the demarcation process.
Progress made in the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action for the Least Developed Countries
Figure 10.
Reform of the United Nations as such should not, however, be our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics prepared by the Electoral Assistance Division have confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344) that technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remains the most commonly requested form of assistance.
I hope that you will now approve the updated aide-memoire as a tool to reflect evolving protection priorities and that it will be useful for the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the protection needs and rights of civilians are reflected in relevant Security Council resolutions and mandates.
In this regard, I would like to mention the very important resolution 1502 (2003) submitted by Mexico and adopted by the Council during the Syrian presidency of the Council in August on the protection of United Nations, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict areas.
Civilian populations should not be taken hostage by warring factions trying to deny humanitarian access.
The Board's recommendations are verified by the Fund secretariat with regard to their compliance with the relevant United Nations rules and subsequently submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken at the fourth session of the Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization to consider, through the Council on Trade-related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, the relationship between the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Stressing the importance of effective action by the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission on issues of impunity and accountability and the promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council has repeatedly emphasized the importance it attaches to the successful conduct of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Giraldo (Colombia), Mr. Vassilakis (Greece), Mr. Gopinathan (India), Mr. Zarif (Islamic Republic of Iran), Mr. Ali (Japan), Mr. Kazykhanov (Kazakhstan), Mr. McIvor (New Zealand), Mr. Kolby (Norway), Mr.
At the outset, I would like to highlight three points concerning the drug situation in Afghanistan.
In particular, I wish to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for its generous and continuing role in leading the fight against narcotic drugs.
States cannot act in isolation from this problem.
(d) Effective risk management and internal control systems; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to expedite extradition proceedings and to simplify evidentiary requirements relating thereto with respect to offences to which this article applies.
(i) The identity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, their whereabouts or the whereabouts of the other persons concerned;
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that this article is not intended to require the prosecution of minor offences.
The requested State Party should consider waiving a final judgement in cases where the judgement cannot be obtained because the offender cannot be prosecuted for death, flight or absence or in other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit adopted a directive developed with the assistance of the Programme Funding Office, which related to the systematic review of the country office oversight mechanisms for fund-raising, other resources contributions management and donor reporting on the use of funds.
Each centre organizes three to five training courses per year, in collaboration with national authorities, various organizations and programmes of the United Nations system (such as UN-Habitat, UNDP, UNEP, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank Institute and the Global Compact Office), international elected representatives' associations (such as the Inter-Parliamentary Union, the World Association of Cities and Local Authorities, the Latin American Cities and Local Authorities Federation, and the Cities, and the International Community).
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination has been maintained as a basic principle for negotiations.
“(f) The status of programmes for the destruction of anti-personnel mines referred to in articles 4 and 5, including details on methods for destruction, the location of all places of destruction and the standards for safety and environmental protection.”
http://disarmament.un.org/MineBan.nsf.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “External debt crisis and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
From September 2000 to April 2003, at least 12,737 Palestinians had seen their homes demolished by Israeli military forces, which invaded the cities with the support of tanks, armoured personnel carriers and helicopters and destroyed houses with explosives while their inhabitants were still in.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore absolutely essential in this fight.
On this last point, I will go into detail.
Madam President, I thank you for having organized this meeting, and I also thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), for his comprehensive report and his concrete proposals aimed at improving the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) and the continued emphasis on the threat posed by Al-Qaida.
Lastly, she would ensure that the Secretariat would take into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain with regard to the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications arising from the report of the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries provided examples of other producers of official statistics, who are developing and publishing statistics in their own area of activity.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remained firmly committed to meeting its obligations under the Treaty and the agreements reached at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences and called for the speedy and full implementation of the 13 practical steps agreed at the 2000 Review Conference.
ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians about the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after the cessation of active hostilities, when civilian casualties are often high.
Chairperson's summary
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it had intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring the universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the consideration of human rights issues, as affirmed in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993,
The unfortunate Depayin incident on 30 May 2003 influenced many conclusions of the Special Rapporteur's interim report (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the emergency situation resulting from the prolonged drought and the effects of long conflict.
Nepal therefore urges the High Commissioner to address this issue further.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
When the debate is limited and a member or representative exceeds the allotted time, the President shall call him to order without delay.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Article 87
Article 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
Reports, formal decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention shall be circulated by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and to the States parties concerned and, as decided by the Committee, to members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested recipients.
States Parties shall submit to the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on the steps they have taken to give effect to their commitments under this Convention, within one year of the entry into force of the Convention for the State party concerned.
In carrying out their mandates, rapporteurs may, with the consent of the Committee, undertake the necessary visits to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of his/her functions, the Chairperson shall remain under the authority of the Committee.
Article 71
The systematic violence in the Mambasa-Komanda area was perpetrated during three different periods:
Around 12 October, members of the Republic of Korea forcibly entered the witness's house in Mambasa.
All interviewees confirmed that there were numerous cases of rape of girls, some of whom were barely 10 years old.
It is on the basis of the Team's report that a new trial was initiated against 27 suspects from the ALAC forces.
Global road safety crisis
Once the designation is established, this entity is subject to a series of sanctions prescribed by the Law on the Suppression of Terrorism.
A working group of experts, including representatives from various countries and organizations in the Pacific and assisted by two editors (New Zealand and Australia), is currently drafting model provisions.
Expedited procedure for the review of eligibility for mechanisms
Their role should be clarified and their authority and responsibilities better defined.
Of the $42.8 million for operating expenses for the period ended 30 June 2002, only $28.4 million, or 66 per cent, had been disbursed at the end of the financial period.
OIOS recommended that the Office develop, as a matter of urgency, appropriate mechanisms to cope with the increased number of applications received through the Galaxy system; promote mobility by ensuring better conditions of service at the various duty stations and the streamlining of administrative processes; ensure that the e-PAS is linked to a system of tangible rewards and staff input to institutional objectives; and ensure that such staff are systematically linked to the management of the new staff knowledge.
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors conduct an evaluation of the capacity and professional skills required for OIOS to provide internal audit services for the administrative and investment activities of the Fund, in accordance with generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pension funds, and report on the evaluation at its next audit for the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Survey of misuse of desktop computers
Financial institutions are required to report suspicious transactions on a regular basis and to monitor any irregularity.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has considered the report carefully with the assistance of its experts and has written to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments.
This offence is committed by any person who intentionally organizes or facilitates the entry into the national territory of an individual who knows, or has good reason to assume, is an illegal immigrant or intends to seek asylum.
The number of women in the positions of official representatives at the national and local levels, as well as the level of participation of women, are discussed in previous tables.
- The establishment of formal committees in institutions to assess and report on the situation of university women.
13.3 The Government is committed to providing as wide a contributory pension as possible to as many categories as possible, and is aware that persons who cease all work to assume family responsibilities may be disadvantaged in terms of social security.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Act on Domestic Violence within the Family) which, inter alia, deals with restraining orders and protective judgements and gives the Garda broad powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The forthcoming revision of the Charter will highlight the possibility of formally refusing to use information services.
Stressing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, neo-colonialism, aggression, foreign occupation and domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is essential for the full enjoyment by men and women of their rights,
Article 12
States Parties shall accord to men and women the same rights with regard to legislation relating to the right of persons to freedom of movement and to choose their residence and domicile.
Workshops
The Commission may also wish to request Working Group I to cooperate closely with Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on aspects of procurement law relating to electronic commerce.
- Request for information under section 44 (1) of the Banking Act relating to the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against institutions in the United States (Rundschreiben_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Committee decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have not affected the growth of GDP in the region, the uncertainty they created has resulted in most of the region's scholarships, where the overall trend in 2002 has been declining with some minor occasional occasions.
Such plans include improved forecasting, early warning systems and continuous communication between disaster-prone areas or communities and authorities.
UNESCO, ICSU and a number of affiliated organizations will promote biodiversity conservation activities in which remote sensing and GIS will be prominent.
Thematic discussions on the items were held, and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights on the prohibition of forced evictions,
Welcomes the continued use of the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement by the Representative of the Secretary-General in his dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and other relevant actors, and requests him to continue his efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on preparing its deployment within the country.
The remuneration of the other two judges is provided for in the proposed budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Trial Section 1
Elections will be triad, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Chief Ominayak and Lake Lubicon v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX A, para.
Bangladesh is largely governed by the civil and criminal procedural codes established during the United Kingdom.
It has published and disseminated fascicles throughout the country explaining the procedure to be followed and the need for birth and marriage registration in order to raise public awareness and ensure active cooperation.
Response to Recommendation 460: In its development plans, the Government has taken a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the evolving nature of requests for assistance and the increasing need for certain types of medium-term specialized assistance aimed at supporting and strengthening the capacity already available to the requesting Government, in particular the capacity of national electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age for marriage was the same for men and women and whether it was at least 18 years old.
UNDP intends to provide greater support to the national reconciliation process, social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of his report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257); further stressed that, since globalization did not take due account of the human element, the interdependence of economies did not take into account the right to employment.
His country continued its efforts to improve cooperation with the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/....
At the close of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of the 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration provided for in article 14, paragraph 1, of the Convention.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 9 of the Convention
However, the periodic report refers in particular to measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts where the Greek and Macedonian minorities are traditionally concentrated.
They claim that Denmark has violated article 2, paragraph 1 (d), and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
In support of this claim, the complainant claims that, according to a decision of the High Court of the Eastern Region of 5 February 1999, an incident of racial discrimination does not in itself constitute a violation of the honour and reputation of a person within the meaning of article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“Mr.
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno, Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted in the future in the context of the proposed programme budget.
A general and brief description of the activity will be provided in section B.3.1, with information on, for example, the effects of GHGs and the type and importance of the technology used (e.g., installed capacity, production).
Environmental, economic and social impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica had joined in sponsoring draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above) would significantly address this problem.
Developing countries should be provided with means of implementation, in the form of new and additional financial resources, for technology transfer on concessional terms and for capacity-building.
The third World Water Forum, held in Japan, developed an action plan to identify a number of projects around the world and establish a network of web sites to accelerate water-related activities.
(A breakdown of expenditures for these activities is provided in the annex to the present document.
24.61 The amount of $2,995,200 (increase: $465,700) provides for: (a) the continuation of 10 posts (4 Professional, 6 General Service (Other level)); (b) the delayed impact of the establishment of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) in the biennium 2002-2003 and (c) non-post requirements for the operation of the Office.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system and its unique capacity and practical experience in coordinating assistance in conflict and post-conflict situations, inter alia, in the protection and respect of human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $458,000
Division
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, the final recommendations without a vote.
Rule 103 provides that elections shall be held by secret ballot unless the Committee decides otherwise, in the case of an election for a single candidate.
(ii) One representative from an Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study, mitigate and minimize the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to it at its fifty-eighth session a report on the status and implementation of the Agreement for the Implementation of the Provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982 relating to the Conservation and Management of Straddling Fish Stocks and Highly Migratory Fish Stocks, as well as related instruments and the implications of the entry into force of the Agreement on Straddling Fish Stocks.
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under the items entitled “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the item biennially from its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects3
World Solidarity Fund
Promoting youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the further progress made in the work of the United Nations system on children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake a comprehensive assessment of the scope and effectiveness of measures taken by the United Nations system, including recommendations to strengthen, broaden, integrate and continue relevant activities of the United Nations system, and to present his findings to the Assembly at its fifty-seventh session.
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility for the results and relevance of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies is the responsibility of Member States alone, and no reform can remedy this situation, as long as those in a position to decide seem determined to hamper the work that we are all supposed to do.
The Millennium Declaration, as well as the Monterrey conferences on financing for development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development, have given rise to great hope in the international community, particularly among developing countries, to see finally a stable, just and mutually supportive socio-economic order.
That goal can be achieved only through a multilateral and comprehensive approach and through the development of transparent strategies that would enable us to rid the world of nuclear weapons.
- Organization of sports competitions in different types of national sports, support for schools, sections and sports circles for children and young people and the acquisition of sports materials.
The outreach programme for Latin America and the Caribbean, which responds to the needs of poor communities at particular risk, continued to focus on developing innovative information, education and partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy Secretariat, who acts as Secretary.
Market access barriers, including price increases and inflation, restrict developing country exports.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova to serve on the Committee for a period of three years, beginning on 1 January 2001.
Please provide information on the legal basis, with a brief description of laws, regulations and/or procedures, in your country to control the transfer of such funds or assets to identified individuals and entities, including:
It is also necessary for the Council to strengthen the political framework of the peace process — in a word, to re-energize the momentum for this peace process, which has made progress, as I said at the moment, but which needs to be put back on track.
We believe that what is important for someone is also urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of an Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau within the Economic and Social Council, in which Brazil participates.
We will recall the Security Council meeting of 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region in the maintenance of peace and security, which resulted in the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy Executive Director United Nations Children's Fund
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “the Council has placed the burden on Iraq to fulfil its obligations and disarm, and not on the inspectors to find what Iraq has tried to hide for so long.
It is normal that there is a wealth of information related to the organization and administration of these sites and unrelated to the mandate of the inspection teams and to weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The unequal situation with regard to potential counterparts, given the lack of skills inherited by Timorese society, is another constraint.
The majority of East Timorese continue to engage in subsistence farming with extremely rudimentary means of production.
As our bilateral relations flourish at all levels, we commit the international community and the United Nations to supporting this process.
First, many comments were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Court of Appeal should therefore be sworn in during the week.
(b) The project database is divided into two sections, United Nations projects and projects carried out by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments, and contains project descriptions and funding needs;
(e) 1.17 “Performing party” means a person other than the carrier that materially performs [or undertakes to perform] [or does not perform all or part] of any of the carrier's obligations under a contract of carriage for the purpose of carriage, handling, custody or storage of the goods, to the extent that it acts, directly or indirectly, at the request of the carrier or under the supervision or control of the carrier, or of the contract of the goods.
The order of definitions was changed in line with that suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of adding paragraph 1 bis to Variant C, which would read as follows: “1 bis.
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is being implemented by more than one third of Member States, including some high-income countries, to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of contaminated needles.
Most of the police information systems that have registries in accordance with the Convention for the Implementation of the Schengen Agreement operate as an Internet-based national database and are either fully operational or in the test phase.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces at the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a grant agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has put in place mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist infected and affected people.
Like most of the countries in the region, Zimbabwe relies mainly on donor support for its HIV/AIDS programmes, but this support has declined since 1999.
Accordingly, the President of the Republic has enacted a law that defines the responsibility of the Chilean State for the prevention of AIDS and establishes the objective of promoting prevention and non-discrimination against people living with HIV/AIDS.
Venezuela had benefited in recent years from the development of cooperation with UNIDO in such areas as mercury pollution control, agro-industries and wood industries, investment promotion, exports and technology.
The concrete implementation of projects under this overarching framework requires a determined effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that these financial implications of €447,836 be included in the programme budget for 2004 under Major Programme 4, Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to ensure that any person brought before a court or court under their jurisdiction has the right to be present in his or her trial and to defend himself or herself or to have the assistance of his or her own choosing;
In 2001, a Ministry of Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, was established.
In view of the contribution of women in the economic and social sectors, policies should be adopted as soon as possible to address the social, economic and cultural problems they face.
The International Organization for Migration (IOM) has made trafficking one of its priorities and is working with various United Nations bodies and agencies in this area.
Pakistan welcomed the progress already made in that regard and called for the implementation, in that regard, of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) basic radiation protection standards in the context of those principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) said that he was disappointed by the outcome of the recent World Trade Organization (WTO) Ministerial Conference held in Cancun, and deplored the lack of agreement on tariff cuts and agricultural subsidies, which would have generated US$ 500 billion in income for rich and poor countries and helped to lift some 144 million people out of poverty by 2015.
If nothing was done to address that problem, the injustice of economic globalization would turn the problems of the third world back to the first, and poverty, terrorism and disease would also be globalized.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya had proposed to overcome the obstacles to its development, both in urban and rural areas and in the desert, but its task was complicated by the presence of mines in its territory.
The plight of the Aral Sea is an example of the problems that arise.
Mr. Bueser (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly for the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action was a major step towards the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hoped that international protection of the rights of migrant workers, especially migrant women workers, who were the most vulnerable to discrimination would be ensured.
In order to provide a fair and rational way of knowing what may reasonably be presumed in respect of a description of the goods provided by the shipper, the instrument should be modified as proposed in paragraphs 153 and 154 of the commentary.
They often rely on the assistance of the relevant services of other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence allowance for activities outside the Organization
(Cancelled)
Rule 207.18
(iv) Where the educational institution is located too far to be able to visit it on a daily basis, from the area where the staff member is serving and, in the opinion of the Secretary-General, there shall be no school in that area that is appropriate to the child, the amount of the grant shall be calculated at the same rates as specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
His delegation could not support the proposal for the consolidation of peacekeeping accounts, which was inconsistent with the Financial Regulations and Rules in force and could reduce the General Assembly's control over each mission.
She would like to know what the Secretariat had done to recruit local staff for the Force in accordance with the relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO participated in 66 mangrove projects in 35 countries.
Group 1
(d) It is important to review the implementation of past projects (outcomes, possible follow-up, etc.) and to disseminate lessons learned.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraphs 26 and 27 above, the amount of 20,051,150 dollars, consisting of:
During the reporting period, a new Government was installed in Afghanistan, with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these obstacles is the shared responsibility of all, and much more active engagement is expected from the international community.
This expansion of the work programme makes it difficult for UNCITRAL to coordinate with parallel initiatives of various organizations in areas such as electronic commerce, dispute settlement, insolvency, transport law, security rights and private financing infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supports the continuation of work on the two draft anti-terrorist conventions, which are expected to be completed soon.
The list indicates the following:
The monitoring of the implementation of the resolution must be carried out in a climate of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which was due in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) Adopt measures to improve the physical conditions of detention in prisons and to avoid both violence between prisoners and the use of violence against detainees by prison personnel.
2.4 At the same time, the Ljubo Radovic police officer was travelling to Bozova Glasica district to tell his Roma inhabitants that they had to leave immediately.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to provide reparation and compensation to the victims of an act within the meaning of that provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that at no time did the complainant give details of the alleged torture.
He claims that his forcible return to Sri Lanka would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has ascertained that the same matter has not been and is not being examined under another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
2.2 Upon his arrest, the Spanish authorities first requested his extradition, but that request was subsequently withdrawn because of an error on the person.
(b) The contested statement must be an essential part of the indictment against the author of the communication;
5.4 As to the evidence to support the allegations that Mr. Azurmendi made his statements under torture, the complainant refers to a CPT report relating to the specific period during which the contested statements took place and that:
The complainant's grandfather is the nephew of the mother of Abdullah Öcalan.
1.3 By note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its observations on the admissibility and merits of the complaint and also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures, in accordance with rule 108, paragraph 7, of its rules of procedure.
By granting Spain's extradition, the Federal Office of Justice had accepted de facto evidence obtained by torture.
b No further clarification is given on these issues.
aNumber of responding countries: 65.
In the meantime, there would be some room for complacency in that area, since contradictions and inconsistencies with the various private international law regimes might arise.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
The framework for the maintenance of peace and the settlement of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, would unfortunately justify this change of attitude.
Observer status for the East African Community in the General Assembly (A/58/232 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division works closely with UNDP in the areas of indicator compilation and analysis, compliance with agreed definitions and standards and data needs.
The first research has already produced solid results and produced specific proposals for research and development.
i.
Stresses the essential role that political leaders and political parties can and should play in strengthening democracy by combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2003/L.11/Add.4
The relevance refers to the extent to which an activity conforms to or falls within the framework of national objectives.
They will therefore have the greatest benefit if the objectives are achieved, but they will be the most disadvantaged if their local interests are not taken into account.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Board Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with the ongoing political and legislative processes and the new institutional arrangements adopted in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint venture formed by the Kanak-controlled South Pacific Mining Corporation and the Canadian company Falconbridge for the construction of a smelter in the North Province to process nickel from the Koniambo mountains.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand dropped by 34 per cent and the number from Japan by 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea, inter alia, stated that, should the goodwill of all concerned be assured, the question of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should be advanced.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would take approximately four weeks from the date on which a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by aerial bombardment in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action taken
In particular, it provided a detailed analytical commentary on the draft, which was issued by UNCITRAL as a working paper of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/SDTE/TLB/4).
The estimated requirements for civilian personnel for the period 2003/04, comprising 256 international staff, 282 national staff and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amount to $28,314,900, reflecting a decrease of $4,938,300 (14.9 per cent) over the apportionment for the period 2002/03.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing under the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance for the major diamond producing, selling or trading countries of participating in the Kimberley Process self-regulation system,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
Thus, in the final analysis, the new proposals, although appear to be attractive, appear not only to be in practice because of the level of coordination required, the wide range of actors that would necessarily be involved and the long period of the reporting cycle, but may lead not to simplification of processes but to their complication through the addition of a new level of work, thereby increasing the burden on recipient countries and other actors.
It has cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the bodies, providing comments and observations at the request of various United Nations agencies, organizing conferences and seminars, publishing publications and brochures on selected issues considered by United Nations bodies and conducting persuasion.
Table 1 compares the estimates for the biennium 2004-2005 (at 2004-2005 rates), the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 57/293 of 20 December 2002 and the actual expenditures and income for the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report be produced on an experimental basis for submission to the General Assembly during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
One D-2 post is Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.).
Travel requirements for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,170,300 (before recosting), an increase of $74,800 over the appropriation for 2002-2003.
Section 26 Palestine refugees
In the future, explanations should be given either in the programme documents or in supplementary information on the distribution of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and between the regular budget and extrabudgetary funds.
The procurement of firearms and explosives in the informal market must be denounced to the Public Prosecutor's Office, the chief of violation of the Federal Firearms and Explosives Act, and punishable by imprisonment and a fine, as well as the confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Expiration
It also notes with appreciation the detailed written replies submitted by the State party to its list of issues (E/C.12/Q/ICE/2).
(l) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic in small arms and collecting them (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and the measures to strengthen international cooperation to counter the world drug problem, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 12.
Additional information on UNCITRAL seminars was requested at both sessions.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author claims that his son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because, on the day of his arrest and on other occasions prior to his trial, he suffered serious ill-treatment and the inhumane conditions in which he is detained.
3.1 The author claims that the continued existence of the Czech authorities, including the Czech Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that Act No. 143/1947 is a special discriminatory law and is as such null and void constitutes an ongoing arbitrary, discriminatory and unconstitutional violation of the author's right to enjoy his inheritance and property, including his right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author further claims a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, in that a violation of article 14, paragraphs 1 and 3, which has the effect of depriving an accused of fair trial, also constitutes a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 On the question of exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the State party's arguments, which initially claimed that the author's dispute was outside the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second instance, that under the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, a remedy could now be brought before the courts.
The State party argues that the author's allegations are contradictory.
The Committee's reasoning in this decision stemmed from an interpretation of the Covenant that article 6, paragraph 1, was read in conjunction with article 6, paragraph 2, which did not prohibit the imposition of capital punishment for the most serious crimes.
On the same day, the author's counsel also filed an application for judicial review, which was rejected by the President of the Criminal Chamber of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Consequently, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and this part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author claims that his rights were violated, since he was arrested and charged without any evidence of involvement in criminal activity and was brutalized by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his statement of appeal, the author requested a review of the evidence that he considered to be flawed.
With regard to the applicability of the statute of limitations, with regard to both his application to the Constitutional Court and the criminal proceedings, the author states that in both cases it was impossible under the anti-constitutional military regime at the time to prosecute torturers of political dissidents within the prescribed time frame.
In view of the fact that the State party has not registered falsely against this complaint and has not provided any other relevant information on the manner in which executions of capital punishment take place, due weight must be given to the author's allegation.
4.16 Secondly, the State party argues that the author has failed to demonstrate how the public's actions constituted interference with his family life.
6.2 As to the excessive length of the period prior to the trial, the Committee points out that the dates for determining, in the present case, the length of the delay occurred are the dates of the author's arrest and trial, and not the dates given by the author, namely, the date of the alleged crime, the date of the murder, and the date of the commencement of the trial.
It is not obliged to use only the evidence available in the original proceedings of the case and may take into account the evidence that was not known when the original decision was rendered.
The Committee also considers that the State party has been wrong in asserting that it was not entitled to a pension under article 13 of the Veterans' Allowances Act, and argues that none of the two bodies dealing with its application has raised doubts as to its ability to meet the criteria set out in the different paragraphs of article 13.
5.2 As to the Committee's ratione temporis jurisdiction, the author considers that he and his family are the victims of a continuing violation of article 7, since they are still unaware of the whereabouts of the individual concerned.
Witnesses:
It submits that Peruvian judges could have ruled the unconstitutionality of this text if they had been brought to a complaint alleging that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, this time period does not commence from the notice of the stay, but from the last notice of the stay.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance for the voluntary return of detainees to those areas.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed consideration of the application indefinitely.
The authors invoke the decision of HRECO to the extent that it contains an evaluation of the facts of the case, which reinforces their argument that the Commissioner made a wrong decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to rescind the decisions of the Qualification Commissions and to reintegrate them into the police.
The authors have brought to justice in the cases of Tamnes, Aurunden 1997 and Korsjofjell and the authors' requests for expropriation in the latter two cases are pending, but they have not made an application for expropriation in the first of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner were released by the District Court of Western Fjords, which found, with reference to the Supreme Court's judgement in the Valdimar case, that article 7, paragraph 2, of the Fisheries Management Act violated articles 65 (right to equality) and 75 (liberty of employment) of the Constitution.
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, noted that such prohibitions “are fully compatible with the right to freedom of expression as provided in article 19, the exercise of which entails special responsibilities and duties”.
He immediately informed the judge that he intended to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that, mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be applied in the present case.
3.3 The author claims to have exhausted domestic remedies and states that the case has not been submitted to another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
In addition, the Council of State points out that a dual appeal may be filed before the Permanent Representative or the Judicial College at first instance, followed by the Council of State on appeal and that these bodies may order an investigation.
Thus, by order of the Minister of the Interior of 16 March 2001, the author's 13 months of military service were recognized as long-service during his promotion at the sixth step of the main prefecture.
The sum that the State was sentenced to pay for procedural costs was paid.
Canada, chapter XII, annual report A/48/40/ Vol. II.
6 See Case Caballero Delgado and Santana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (Annual report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/Ser.L/V III.33 Doc.4); id.
The State party refers to similar observations made by the State party in Pauger v. Austria (communication No. 415/1990), Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
France, decision of 3 April 1989.
Meetings
While a few staff members have actively opposed new appointments, the Government's will is gradually required.
Security is therefore of crucial importance, both in terms of the safety of electoral personnel and the freedom to participate freely in the elections.
However, the Judicial Reform Commission has made progress in the areas of rehabilitation of infrastructure and training.
The situation of women remains poor.
Recalls Economic and Social Council decision 2001/36 of 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, organizations of indigenous people, the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues and all mechanisms, procedures and programmes dealing with indigenous issues within the United Nations system, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, to transmit to the Council as soon as possible, and in any event on the basis of the 2003 substantive session of the Council,
The proposed analysis identifies who can legitimately take a place at the negotiating table and the items to be considered.”
(b) Report of an interregional workshop in support of the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in small island developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
In order to do so, two basic conditions must be met, namely, the existence of a vacant post that does not apply to any Azerbaijani citizen with relevant professional or professional training, and the inability of the placement services to find a candidate from local job seekers who meets the criteria set by the employer.
The rest and breaks are not counted as working hours.
In 1997, amendments and additions were made to the Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities Act 1992, which became the Disability Prevention and Rehabilitation and Social Welfare of Persons with Disabilities Act.
The same article also provides that children who cannot be integrated into formal pre-schools because of their physical or mental disabilities are accommodated in specialized pre-school institutions.
The results of the eight finalists were made available to WIPO for participation in the international competition for 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) The national budget;
(d) Agriculture;
That is to say, the challenge of good governance is at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play an essential role in the field of arms proliferation.
This could lead to a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
The brochure contains guidelines and information on the various options available once the compulsory school has been completed.
The implementation of a women's study programme at the University of Iceland is one of the Centre's priorities for the coming years.
The committee published a programme for equal rights policy for Icelandic University for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall determine the salaries and allowances of the staff of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, in accordance with the standards of the United Nations common system.
b “In Ghana, Hope Arrives via Satellite”, International Herald Tribune, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with IMF
(c) To continue to include in the agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee reiterates its recommendation that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that adopted children are unable to know the identity of their natural parents, even by their majority and even if they are found to be in their best interests.
(a) The enactment of new legislation and the adoption of a number of national strategies and programmes, including: decision No. 347/2002 on national programmes for the protection of children, street children and children placed in institutions; law No. 678/2001 on trafficking in persons; law No. 197/2000 on domestic violence and on children; and the national health programme.
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning Minimum Age for Admission to Employment and ILO Convention (No. 182) concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour, ratified by the State party:
(a) Undertake information campaigns at all levels and in all regions with a view to eliminating harmful attitudes towards Roma throughout society, in particular among authorities such as the police and professionals providing services in the areas of health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their reports on a regular and timely basis.
(b) Develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as the monitoring and collection of data on racially motivated acts;
(d) Ensure that the Family Council has sufficient resources to carry out its mandate.
At the national level, there is growing recognition of the need to consider development goals and policies from a human rights perspective” (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical measures, with a view to achieving progressively, by all means, and in particular through legislative measures, the full realization of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms the constitutional right, with regard to workers in the private sector and public enterprises, to establish, without prior authorization, organizations they deem appropriate.
This period is considered to be actually working for the payment of wages, regardless of the agreed remuneration system.
Information on the current standard of living of the population
Households are considered to be destitute, even if they devote their entire income to meeting their food needs, who cannot adequately satisfy them.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of housing units built was 1,076,843, an annual average of 107,684.
As a percentage of the population and housing stock, these figures for the year amounted to less than 4 per cent of the country's inhabitants and only 3 per cent of the housing stock.
State housing programmes
With regard to health sector-specific activities, some researchers believe that more than half of the decrease in infant mortality is associated with the expansion and coverage of health services.
However, there are still very binding judicial provisions and procedures for the media and journalists.
FIM: Mining Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Act No. 19070 of 1996.
However, it is important that the facts relating to violent crimes against women be made public in a dignified manner and with respect for the privacy of the victim.
The conclusions of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be an urgent one.
Japan hopes that all States will do their utmost to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and build on the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete action at the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms and light weapons in the period between us and the Second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If none of the three options obtain the majority of votes, the one that obtained the least votes will be eliminated and a new referendum will be held to allow voters to make a choice between the two remaining options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, determines who is entitled to vote.
• Women with higher educational levels want fewer children.
Kunst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure for the International Meeting to Review the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
xi.
In their final communiqué, the Tenth Islamic Summit Conference, held in Malaysia last month, invited the Security Council to endorse the road map for achieving peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for its timely implementation.
It is important to state here the three main pillars of this goal, as they show our determination to retain this theme in the long term.
However, according to the Israeli representative's assertions, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and Palestinian corruption.
Armenia has continued to implement, for almost 10 years now, its policy of blockade of the autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan of Nakhchivan, thus inflicting enormous suffering on the civilian population of that part of the country.
Likewise, it is imperative that the Government and civil society work hand in hand to encourage the growth and development of our children.
Last year, the States Members of the United Nations adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have free access to health care and education, which is mandatory.
At the same time, it had managed to reduce expenditure through energy-saving measures.
Takes note with satisfaction of the adoption of the Convention for the Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003;
“The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission to Guinea-Bissau, to be led by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, which will form the first part of a comprehensive mission to West Africa, and awaits its conclusions and recommendations.
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Cross-Border Insolvency Law (Insolvency Law) provides that “the UNCITRAL Model Legislative Guide on Insolvency Law may refer to the UNCITRAL Model Legislative Guide as “the UNCITRAL Model Law on Insolvency Law” (see A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2) and may refer to “the UNCITRAL Model Legislative Guide on Insolvency Law” as “the UNCITRAL Model Law on Insolvency Law as the first part of the UNCITRAL Model Law”.
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
However, the unofficial translation of article 3 of the Act, which sets out national measures for the implementation of international sanctions, can be provided.
Annex
As a result, no person affected by any such measure may be granted entry visas to the consulates of Lebanon or the Public Safety.
Subsequently, Afghanistan, Andorra, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Colombia, the Czech Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Estonia, Estonia, Malta, the Russian Federation, Fiji, Georgia, Ghana, Guatemala, Honduras, Iceland, India, Kazakhstan, Malta, Kenya, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and the United Republic of Tanzania joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To examine the question of the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider reviewing and, where appropriate, revising their immigration policies with a view to eliminating all unfair practices against migrants and their families and providing specialized training to officials responsible for policy development, law enforcement, immigration and other services, in particular with the assistance of non-governmental organizations and civil society, thereby emphasizing the importance of creating an effective environment for the promotion of a culture of policy-making, law enforcement, immigration and other services, in particular in order to promote the promotion of an effective engagement with the promotion of a culture of a culture of social harmony,
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and that it is essential to ensure the full enjoyment of those rights and freedoms by persons with disabilities without any discrimination,
Thus, not only the occupying Power has decided to physically reoccupy the areas under full Palestinian control under the agreements reached, but it seems that it has now decided to take over civil affairs in those areas.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 in which the Governing Council of UN-Habitat approved the establishment of the Special Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian People and the Technical Cooperation Trust Fund with a budget of $5 million for an initial period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a generalized system of preferences, agreed upon in 1968 at the second session of the Conference, will successfully reflect an innovative approach to the issue of developing countries' access to markets in industrialized countries.
International disciplines and commitments — essential for the establishment of a rules-based international economic regime — are beginning to extend to areas that, in the past, have the sole responsibility of national Governments.
Special and differential treatment may be useful in addressing economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing and developed countries.
What should be the role of government?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
There will be a meeting of the Joint Coordinating Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The above-mentioned Convention was adopted at the plenary meeting of the General Assembly on 31 October 2003 at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken special measures, although not limited to cases of kidnapping, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims appearing before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane as Deputy Special Representative in Asmara.
After completing its 50-minute work, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at http://www.itu.int/wsis/documents.
At present, we still do not have the answers we need to address key issues on Iraq's past production of chemical and biological weapons, on what remains its capabilities and on its potential programmes.
Population density and distribution patterns have influenced emissions from transport and habitat.
Some provide for a net increase in emissions from this sector despite the measures implemented, adopted and envisaged.
(c) A number of delegations emphasized the need for a linkage between the obligation not to grant asylum or refuge to persons suspected of having participated in enforced disappearance, and the obligation not to return such persons to a State where they may be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious human rights violations.
Fifty-eighth session
Further action might be needed, however, since, in their deliberations, the specialized intergovernmental bodies tended to focus on substantive issues and did not discuss the role of the Secretariat, that was, the work programme.
(f) The format and timing of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
It is therefore particularly timely to speak of the non-permanent members of the Security Council, who together with the permanent members uphold the principles of the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
A discussion will therefore now be undertaken to revise the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on strengthening legal and administrative measures and on mobilizing international cooperation and coordination to that end, my delegation would like, without diverting attention from that effort, to highlight other aspects that could be considered, which are also mentioned in the report, particularly in South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to know and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and associated individuals and entities could unite disparate groups from different ethnic and national backgrounds, using their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the United Nations and the United Nations funds and programmes4 for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations;2
31.35 The main task of the High-level Committee on Management is to guide the work of the United Nations system on system-wide administrative and management issues and to promote inter-agency cooperation and coordination on those issues on behalf of CEB.
My question is: What can be expected in the area of new contributions, because, as previous speakers have said, this process will be long and will require substantial funding, including special coordination and cooperation from other countries with the lead country.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braun, for their briefings, which have given rise to so many relevant questions on Afghanistan, although some of those questions have been answered.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report to the management of the discrepancies on a monthly basis and intends to explore options for improving the updating of regional inventories.
(b) There should be sufficient staffing at Headquarters and in the field to cope with the volume of air operations, given the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces (UNPF)d
United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNOMSIL)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to promote the use of identification systems, including the application of the Object-ID standard, and to encourage linkages between these systems and existing databases, including that of the International Criminal Police Organization — Interpol, to enable the electronic transmission of information to reduce trafficking in cultural property, and encourages further cooperation between the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, as well as a forum for the United Nations Educational, to promote the promotion of the continuation of electronic transmission of cooperation in order to promote cooperation in order to reduce trafficking in the use of the use of the use of information for the use of the use of information for the use of cultural activities;
The political process must therefore be broad and open enough to allow all Afghans who wish to participate in good faith in political life to do so and not to be left behind, which would increasingly motivate them to join the ranks of those who actively oppose the peace process.
I would now like to offer a clearer picture of the situation by providing the Council with the most recent information on specific events that have taken place in Afghanistan since the briefing last December.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep conviction that security is one and indivisible.
That could be achieved if we agreed to free ourselves from old reflexes and abandon nuclear doctrine.
Given the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution will enjoy the widest possible support from States parties and States not parties to the Convention.
In accordance with that view, at a ministerial meeting of the Quartet, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, introduced the initiative to adopt a special Security Council resolution supporting the road map.
The President: Does any other delegation wish to take the floor at this stage?
Moreover, no consensus has yet been reached on issues such as the elimination of unilateral measures (e.g. export bans imposed by producer countries and boycotts in consumer countries), since they are incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, several large timber companies are applying environmental management systems designed to ensure that timber is from environmentally and socially safe sources.
It is involved in concession management, forest plantations development and downstream processing of forest products.
(i) Urge countries and relevant organizations to further improve systems for the timely collection and dissemination of information on production, consumption, trade and prices of wood and non-wood forest products in order to promote market transparency.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former law, which is essentially treaty-based, should be repealed in their entirety and replaced by more just and equitable legislation, which is more protective of the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10-19 years, more men than women are working because custom dictates that girls stay at home later than boys start work early.
The rights and obligations of marriage are the same for cohabitant; witnesses can attest to the fact that a couple has lived under the same roof for at least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501)]
In its resolution 42/11, the General Assembly requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to utilize the expertise and experience gained in the implementation of its global technical assistance programmes, as well as information gathered through various relevant questionnaires.
Item 8. Other trade and development issues:
UNCTAD collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa in the preparations for the Cancún Conference by participating in the High-level Policy Meeting of African Trade Negotiators Preparatory to the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference and the African Union Trade Ministers Meeting in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Cancún Conference.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries in participating in the Doha work programme in the area of trade and environment continue to be carried out in close cooperation and coordination with the secretariats of WTO, UNEP and the United Nations regional commissions, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as with civil society.
He also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the Kennedy School of Government of Harvard University in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on 23 and 24 September 2002, where he presented the work of the Commission on ICT Development Indexes.
We also recognize that globalization, and in practical terms, the growth of international trade, gives hope for growth for our peoples.
Last year, in addressing the General Assembly, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and promised to report on progress.
In addition, women participate in the wide-ranging social activities of the Supreme Council of Women, which is part of a coordinated and integrated system of development activities that includes maternal and child care, thus consolidating equality between men and women in a society that believes in family unity, makes gender equality high and respects family rights.
Developing countries now face development challenges, which can be addressed only through concerted international efforts and support for the necessary political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
Let me address two specific criminal justice issues:
The United Nations must therefore continue to contribute to the process of restoring peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has sought to implement the principles it proclaims in the most consistent manner.
Significant developments in the global balance of global forces and objectives have taken place since the founding of the United Nations 58 years ago.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe in Thessaloniki, the European Union will continue to support the Secretary-General's efforts to achieve a comprehensive, just, viable and practical solution to the Cyprus problem, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each committee shall elect its Chairman from among its members.
Persons arrested or detained must be informed of the reasons for their arrest or detention and of their right to be assisted by a lawyer.
Its most recent publication was the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21st meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered section 28, Public information, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and other relevant human rights instruments,
Also regrets that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that officials or personnel in operation or former officials or personnel of a troop/police contributor who are not a party to the Rome Statute shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of that State for any allegation of acts or omissions arising from or associated with the United Nations multinational force or stabilization force in Liberia;
Also requests the working group to study the information presented and to share its comments and recommendations with transnational corporations, other business enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other sources of information relevant to this issue;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, sponsored by Mr. Chen Shiqiu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Mbonu, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Dominicans for Justice and Peace
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could participate at a certain level in order to share information on user needs and achieve a broader goal of integrating GNSS and its complements into the basic infrastructure of developing countries.
Governments do not measure the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and disease control.
Expected accomplishments
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is developing a synthesis document, to which CPF members contribute, to assess the relationship between ecosystem approaches and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, subparagraph (f), provides that “any person arrested or detained shall be formally charged and brought before the competent court within 48 hours” and “No person shall be remanded”.
(f) Support to the Peace and Security Council for humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Protocol relating to the Establishment of the Peace and Security Council of the African Union;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is an area that could greatly benefit from education and awareness-raising programmes.
Sources indicated that in some areas the principle of accountability was relatively well implemented, but that was largely due to the personalities concerned.
Decides to include the following items in the agenda of the third session of the Committee for the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intended to review the initiative and the issue of debt sustainability at its autumn meeting.
The meeting will provide policymakers with an opportunity to address issues related to development cooperation.
Mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Office of Legal Affairs made several statements in explanation of the Council's rules of procedure.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
Thus, we are in a phase of initiating our political tools, particularly those related to flexibility.
The staff currently in recruitment will need training beyond the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report gives us an overview of the Council's work over the past year in its area of responsibility, namely the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) Assist in maximizing the relevance of the results of the work of the Assembly and the Council and ensure that arrangements are in place to monitor their effective implementation, including by linking the results of the high-level segment of the Council to the deliberations of the General Assembly;
10.16 Expected accomplishments would include: (a) the enhancement of the knowledge base, knowledge and management tools of government and relevant institutions, with a view to improving their capacity to implement environmental policy; (b) the development of innovative technical cooperation agreements for the installation and use of appropriate and environmentally-friendly technologies; and (c) the implementation by Governments of effective institutional arrangements for responding to global environmental emergencies.
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary drug prevention among young people; the diversification of drug treatment and rehabilitation services; policy and strategy development; training and capacity-building; and the identification and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 Conservation and sustainable management of Central African forest ecosystems
Strategy
(d) Promoting the use of information and communication technologies and space technology applications, including facilitating adaptation to local conditions or the transfer of best practices.
Indicators of achievement would include: (a) the number of members and associate members that received ESCAP assistance and new initiatives to improve their ICT policies and the institutional framework; (b) the number of modernized national ICT training centres and the number of technical cooperation activities among developing countries implemented with the assistance of ESCAP; and (c) the establishment of a mechanism for regional cooperation on applications.
Strategy
The achievement of the targets will be determined by faster assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; more timely and coordinated responses to disaster-affected countries; higher participation in training courses on disaster management; increased field and regional cooperation; and increased donor response to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation to reduce the impact of the El Niño phenomenon
Programme 26 Least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States
The Institute also conducted training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and victory (Seoul, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Olamendi (Mexico) said that, in three years of power, the Government of Mr. Vicente Fox had laid the foundation for a full exercise of human rights.
In that regard, his delegation endorsed the recommendation of the Acting High Commissioner that efforts should be made to create a culture of tolerance and respect for others, not violence.
New laws were needed, but the most important challenge was not the adoption of laws, but their practical implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the Fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their reduced mobility may prevent them from leaving even when water is contaminated, land is mined and sources of supply are cut.
Such services should be developed and a politically viable social contract formulated.
The declaration also aims to strengthen cooperation for the better implementation of laws, the provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and the special recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (FATF).
Ms. Knowles (Australia) said that about a year ago, 88 Australians had died and 202 had been injured as a result of the terrorist attack in Bali.
However, in exceptional cases where organizations can be created, the relevant decisions must be binding and the creation of the new institution derives from the functions of the organization that established it.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (on Second Committee matters)
The BRF has worked on specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in Fiji's financial system.
It provides a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its response capacity over the next year.
The statement is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve or refurbish encumbered assets, such as equipment repairors, have a security right in the assets, which generally prevails over security rights in the same assets as security rights in other claims.
Non-lethal equipment
The terms of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP should be broadened as necessary (capacity and resources) and the terms of the corresponding project document relating to the Interim Authority;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work being done by the United Nations and the specialized agencies in support of the economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsor of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
Among men, the decline is even greater, since the proportion of men was reduced from 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, within the manufacturing sector itself, there has been a new distribution of production, which has deserted the manufacturing of footwear and clothing to electronics, engineering and health-related productions.
Family therapy is offered to families in which the problem is related to substance or play.
An important initiative has been the elimination of illegal ship discounts in Armière, which is being carried out jointly with the Land Department.
The land is returned to the land owners or their heirs as if the State's acquisition has never occurred, provided that the land owners list the land within three months of restitution.
In fact, the situation was considered unfair vis-à-vis Maltese donors, and the amendments made in 1995 to the Order of 1944 on the Limitation of Tenancies in Housing Houses, the Housing Price Order 1959 and the Order of 1931 regulating renewal of the rental of urban property do not apply to the rental lease agreement entered into on or after 1 June 1995 under the above legislation.
This programme includes a number of integrated programmes, including: pre-construction services (e.g. frequent miscarriage, genetic counselling services), prenatal counselling, difficult deliveries, special care for infants, periodic examinations for infants, free immunization, school medicine, child abuse centre and child development assessment service.
Municipal councils reconfigured and moved district clinics, while NGOs focused on organizing the provision of special services to disadvantaged groups in the community, such as the disabled and drug addicts.
The Catholic Church provides its own school buildings and facilities, but is also responsible for the maintenance and financing of its possible expansion.
Candidates for university studies must have successfully completed the examination of the baccalaureate, which only gives university access and must also meet the special conditions for admission to certain studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD encompasses almost all aspects of society's socio-economic and political structures, including development planning, sound economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, security, agriculture, health and education, among other key elements of any indicator of progress.
However, the problem we face in this regard is that the General Assembly-mandated forum on Security Council reform — that is, the Open-ended Working Group on Council Reform — has not been able to make significant progress since it was established under General Assembly resolution 48/26 in 1993.
1.6 The CTC would appreciate receiving information on the findings of the Commission established by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and the Waqfs referred to on pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report with regard to bringing criminal law into harmony with terrorist offences of an international character.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and potential use of United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability”, prepared by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Disability of the University of Galway, Ireland, at the request of OHCHR, analyses the provisions of the six United Nations human rights instruments from a disability perspective and examines the functioning of the United Nations system.
Measures relating to States 9 - 22 6
In this regard, OHCHR supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the draft related supplement.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or their modification, a simple interpretative declaration, contrary to an ordinary reservation, may be formulated at any time.
The question was also raised as to whether unilateral acts should be strictly or extended to certain types of conduct of States that might produce legal effects.
But the 26 million Iraqis deserve it.
It is urgent that he heed the message of the inspectors mandated by the Security Council and provide the answers to be received.
Inspections cannot continue indefinitely without prompt, active and effective cooperation from Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question
I believe that the announcement made by President Bush last Friday that the Quartet would present the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible and adequately empowered Prime Minister is confirmed is an important step forward.
Accordingly, the Secretary-General's proposals to reduce the additional requirements are limited to those indicated above and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the Commission's guidelines, the Special Rapporteur has continued to pay particular attention to the issue of gender-based distinctions.
Applications for registration are registered in a registry (CA).
The process of ratification of the Convention is being completed.
In expected accomplishment (a), replace “social issues” with “social development problems”.
Malawi would like all States to ensure the defence and promotion of the Court's functions and credibility and to strengthen its jurisdiction and independence. This requires vigilance and unequivocal commitment by all States, as well as careful selection of the Court's officials, especially judges whose personal integrity and independence must be above any suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) — The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands notes that the courts of the Netherlands do not consider that most economic and social rights are directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members also have before them document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
It was jointly developed by the United Nations and national organizations dealing with issues of interest to sustainable ocean development and oceanography progress, under the primary responsibility of FAO and led by a steering committee and a technical committee, which coordinated the work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
To meet the assessment needs of the Convention, the Global Assessment should include an assessment of biodiversity at the level of ecosystems, species and genotypes.
Special Panel on Global Policy Review (guidance report)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: Environment and sustainable development)
She thanked the Managing Directors for the information provided on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in the Organization's human resources management.
Expert meeting on the definition of environmental goods and services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, however, the poor performance of private companies and social discontent are cause for concern.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of the draft resolution (A/C.3/58.L.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
But policy reforms and capacity-building should also be introduced in developing countries.
OHCHR has also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations Country Team, as well as with ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The Technology Transfer and Foreign Investment Act 1992 liberalized FDI inflows and ensured the repatriation of profits and capital.
We expect that, on issues such as the barrier, settlement expansion and military actions faced by Palestinian civilians, Prime Minister Sharon's Government will act in support of the peace process.
The Palestinians want to put a definitive end to the occupation, with the certainty that they will have a truly viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, as stated in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all, without distinction of any kind, including gender,
The assistance was used mainly to provide intensive training to teachers, administrators and evaluators at the provincial level.
The group referred to the various forms of education under article 6 and noted that there were several organized, formal and non-formal activities for children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Awareness (Chairperson: Ms. Višnja Gugasović, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauser, Switzerland)
Thus, article 139 of the Penal Code stipulates that “the conspiracy to commit any of the offences referred to in this section carries the same penalties as those imposed on the actual commission of the act”.
Under article 148 as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001, anyone who manufactures, possesses or transports any type of explosive or flammable material, or any toxic, incendiary, infectious, bacterial, chemical, radiological or related material, and any components thereof, to commit terrorist acts or to allow others to use them for that purpose.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening the role of the United Nations in enhancing the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and the promotion of democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of United Nations peacekeeping operations
The “E3” Panel found that Van Oord was entitled to compensation for some of its tangible property losses but recommended no compensation for other claims.
It is further noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its capacity to support the Counter-Terrorism Committee when required, the Department for Disarmament Affairs should draw the public's attention to the risk of the use of weapons of mass destruction in terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership, and notes that much remains to be done to achieve the objectives and priorities set out therein;
(h) Closed-circuit television services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
They discussed, inter alia, agreements and institutions to improve the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment and Coastal of the South-East Pacific and the Plan of Action thereto; the Convention for the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment of the Wider Caribbean Region and its Protocol on Specially Protected Areas and Wildlife; the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Baltic Sea Region;
Another proposal was that the main bodies that were to participate in the consideration of topics for groups should prepare joint reports to present them to the groups at the beginning of the meetings, as a follow-up to the discussion on the scope and nature of inter-agency coordination on the subject areas, in order to complement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea, which should continue for distribution prior to the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In operative paragraph 19, in the second line, the word “education” should be replaced by the word “information” and, in the fifth line, the words “shall decide to provide all available assistance” should be replaced by the words “Welcomes the invitation to the Chairman of the Special Committee to attend to the Constitutional Convention to be held in Tokelau in September 2003”.
On the occasion of a presentation on the impact of structural adjustment on human development made at a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki identified three major features of structural adjustment and stabilization programmes: they are by their very nature limited; they contribute to capitalism and weaken State power.
Any attempt to link the ban on future production and the issue of existing stockpiles would unnecessarily prolong negotiations and undermine nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament.
(a) In the election of the additional members, the General Assembly will respect the following distribution of seats:
According to the World Bank, housing costs increased by 12 per cent in the first 15 months of the second intifada,42 43
PCDAR is an implementing agency reporting directly to the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority were given to them, refugees from the camps replaced and changed their homes and added others.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea on the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union was equally strongly committed to promoting gender equality and women's empowerment and believed that the gender perspective should be integrated into development strategies and policies at all levels, including United Nations action.
There are currently two women district leaders out of a total of 141.
As for the World Health Organization, it employed four women and six men.
Despite the compulsory nature of primary school as enshrined in the 1991 Constitution, the problems are acute at this level of education.
The success rate was 71 per cent in total and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the higher technical education sector, the main discipline was the following:
Women dominate the trade sector, where women/men report from 2 to 1, textile and garment production and the food industry other than rice mould.
According to the study, only 37 per cent of women had already used condoms.
(BASD, 1996; 47;-Sendbergen, etc.)
The village chief is assisted by a deputy, but of a total of 12,491 deputies, only 101 are women.
Our work on small arms and light weapons has many aspects, but the human aspect must remain our guide.
We also wish to ensure the success in 2004 of the Review Conference to be held in Nairobi, Kenya, which will help to achieve that goal.
At the same time, it is important to control arms and impose restrictions in order to create an adequate balance between legitimate security needs and the unnecessary loss of innocent lives resulting from irresponsible policies on the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
She would also like to know whether there were any figures showing the number of men and women working in the private and public sectors.
Ms. Gonzalez asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Reproductive and Sexual Rights referred to in paragraph 420 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Service on Health and Reproductive and Sexual Rights referred to in paragraph 421 were two separate or silent institutions and whether they dealt with rights in themselves or only health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to take into consideration, within the framework of the negotiation process, the contributions of the relevant United Nations bodies and international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties will hold ordinary meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure adopted by the Conference of the Parties.
He hoped, however, that each organization represented at the meeting would, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources, as appropriate, establish a mechanism for the exchange of information.
Other issues
“Welcomes the decision of the Government of Benin to host a regional preparatory conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of adopting effective measures, including, where appropriate, new financial mechanisms, in support of the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, reduce poverty and strengthen their democratic systems, while reaffirming that each country has the primary responsibility for its own economic and social development and that national policies play a leading role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of the following countries: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Belize, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Ecuador, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Russian Federation, Spain, United Kingdom and United Kingdom of Great Britain and United States of United States of America.
The results are derived from the report of the Secretary-General on the improvement of the status of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, tables 1 to 4).
One woman was appointed as a temporary Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (effective 1 January 2003) and another was recently appointed Humanitarian Envoy of the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with effect from 10 January 2003).
Severe acute respiratory infections have shown that regional and international cooperation is essential to address the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives aimed at enhancing the effectiveness and visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the riots that took place in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country appeared to have returned gradually to normal.
There is a need to ensure, through training courses and sufficient support, that the standards currently being developed provide best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need to take this action;
[(c) [In order to avoid doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, inter alia, to rule on all matters arising from or relating to the provisions [of subparagraph (b)] above];]
Mr. Nesser (Sweden) endorsed the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/264);
Expressing grave concern at the continuing Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, relevant United Nations resolutions and the agreements reached between the parties, including the ongoing construction and expansion of the settlements in Jabal Abu Ghounaym and Ras-Amoud in and around Occupied East Jerusalem,
International cooperation in the field of environmental protection should focus on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening of sustainable development institutions at the national, regional and local levels, as this would help developing countries to better address climate change issues.
Achieving environmental sustainability requires universal support for global environmental conventions.
Encourages Member States in the region to continue their efforts by enacting the necessary laws or regulations to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement a system such as ODS, due account must be taken of the organization of the Secretariat, as set out in Secretary-General's bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5 of 12 September 1997, which states (sect. 1) “The Secretariat, which is one of the principal organs of the United Nations, has its headquarters in New York.
Level 5 is allocated to delegates and allows access to documents that are available only to participants, such as conference room papers (CRP), in addition to documents available at level 4.
In reviewing the websites of the organizations or agencies whose official documents are posted on ODS, it was noted that some of them did not state that the documents in question were available through ODS.
The initial system has met the needs for almost 10 years, which is important in considering the speed of technological innovation.
In some cases, the identification process has to be done manually; the task is time-consuming and time-consuming (from three to six months) and represents additional work when staff resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, on 5, 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some are even suspected of helping others to acquire weapons of mass destruction, while some would seek to acquire weapons of mass destruction or fail to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge posed by terrorism as a new and real threat on the international scene brings a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
The session was attended by representatives of 117 States, as well as observers for services of the United Nations Secretariat, United Nations bodies and research institutes, specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I am encouraged by the work of the Security Council Ad Hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa, the Economic and Social Council Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three areas of priority for ECLAC in the biennium 2004-2005: policies to promote equality and reduce poverty in the region; national policies to strengthen the links between economic and social development and ongoing globalization; and integration of environmental perspectives into public policies in the region.
The first group met with the manager of the plant, who asked about the plant's materials, the problems encountered in production, and the effects on production.
Expressing its appreciation to those countries that continue to host Afghan refugee populations and at the same time reiterating their call to all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations with regard to the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons and to allow access by international agencies capable of providing assistance and protection to such persons,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Special agreements providing for the annual or longer-term payment of contributions to the budget by the Government of the country in which the Centre is located (hereinafter referred to as “the host Government”), by any other member of UNIDO or intergovernmental organization having relations with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between the Governments or organizations concerned and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They pointed out that the Evaluation Office might disperse its efforts and lose its effectiveness.
Type: Satellite
In the following year, Nauru was placed even lower, and members of the Group placed it on the “countermeasures” list, not because of the inadequacy of our laws, but because the rules of the game had changed and we did not have the capacity to supervise the offshore banks registered in Nauru.
In addition to the struggle to ban weapons of mass destruction, it is absolutely urgent to address the problem of small arms and light weapons, which are playing a role in the conflicts and insecurity in many of our countries.
Unfortunately, it would appear that, for a very small number of Member States, the issue does not arise from a problem of formulation or terminology, but involves other factors that, quite frankly, we have difficulty fully grasp.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account differences among States in the scope of criminal legislation relating, inter alia, to prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornographic material.
Corrigendum
There are also some schools for girls, and they are used as a 12-month meals to encourage their pupils not to leave school.
There is no data on the level of illiteracy among rural women.
To be held on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Notes the importance of the ongoing bilateral peace negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security in promoting mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiating a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks to human beings posed by the irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of the mandate given to it in resolution 57/61, namely to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO welcomes the idea of working with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national action plans and shape the implementation programme.
To date, in view of the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the most recent meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes are being fulfilled; many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on the way forward to implement all previous commitments and establish new commitments for the full implementation of the objectives of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomed the results of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development, which had clarified significantly the Commission's future methods and work programme.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that have participated in these difficult consultations in recent months, whose will and dedication have led to the adoption of the resolution today.
The overall management of judicial reform and review remains the responsibility of the National Transitional Government of Liberia, assisted by international expert organizations led by the United Nations through the knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[[In the case of afforestation or reforestation project activities under the CDM for which CERs are issued,] a designated operational entity shall periodically verify and certify that appropriate insurance is in effect during the reporting period. ]
Amamphetamine continues to be manufactured mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should give priority to ensuring that all their services work together and pool their resources and knowledge to combat drug trafficking.
This management and use is also essential for the quality of extensive pastures and soil conservation.
Annex II
The Victorian State (Australia) assists the Fiji Police in the use of radar pistols and provides us with training materials on road safety.
While those who resort to traffickers do so deliberately, they are at great risk of ill-treatment during their own lives, including the extortion of funds by corrupt representatives of immigration authorities or other law enforcement officials.
It was to be hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in the field of peace and security would renew the concept of cooperation of all countries in the promotion of peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of General Assembly resolution 377 (V) of 1950.
The crew of the “Shenzou”, the name of which is to say “Distoric spacecraft” in Chinese, stole in space and has a healthy income except on Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the recent killings, violence and other human rights violations and atrocities in Bunia, as well as the attacks against the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and internally displaced persons who have taken refuge in the Mission premises, and reaffirms that such acts will not go unpunished and that their perpetrators will be held accountable.
Appendix A
Under the operative paragraphs of the second draft resolution, entitled “Model legislative provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects”, the General Assembly would be grateful if the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law had completed the preparation and adoption of the Model Legislative Provisions, would request the Secretary-General to publish them and recommend that all States should give due consideration to the model legislative provisions and the Legislative Guide on the subject.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/515)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, Rwanda, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court sentenced him in public hearings to six years' and six months' imprisonment for tax evasion and a breach of the obligation to hold accounts.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Object of reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, Chair of the SBI, and Mr. Halldor Thorgeirsson, Chair of the SBSTA, presented the objectives of each workshop and reported on the expected results.
The workshop, which was for officials from Asian countries in charge of preparing reports under article 18 of the Convention, focused on States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
As the economic situation had improved, the Government had adopted a two-pronged approach to gender mainstreaming in its strategies and the development of gender-sensitive policies and programmes, which allowed it to address gender discrimination more systematically.
It also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns on the Convention be conducted for parliamentarians, including the judiciary and the legal profession.
In the light of all those elements, I would like once again to ask the Council to consider carefully the international measures necessary to ensure the security necessary for the progress of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I wish to reiterate the commitment of the Government of Kenya to fully implement the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other relevant international instruments.
The Secretary-General estimates that the Institute's expenditures for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including salaries for the nine existing posts (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service), would amount to $970,300.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has proved effective in terms of time, effort and resources.
(b) Such guidelines will be incorporated into the programme presentations instructions for 2004, and will include, as recommended in the staff training audit, direct costs for the design, development and implementation of training activities funded from the administrative budget, and training projects managed by the Staff Development Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution as a whole (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document consists of three parts.
Compilation and synthesis of views on actions taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priority needs and on actions taken by Annex II Parties to implement decisions 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE can, within its verification mandate, ensure that the parties do their security responsibilities vis-à-vis the employees of the Boundary Commission's sub-contracting companies working in the field and intervene in extreme situations to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs set out in this document are purely indicative.
However, only eight countries, compared with the target of 19, reached their completion point by mid-2003.
On 22 October 2003, between midnight and 0015 hours, an Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace over the sea off Beirut, 20 kilometres from the coast, heading north and west of Chakka, 11 kilometres from the coast.
On the same day, at 2149 hours, an Israeli military boat fired a flare bomb in the aforementioned waters.
The Secretariat should strictly abide by the six-week rule for the issuance of documents, as well as all relevant General Assembly resolutions and regulations, in particular those that stipulate that the United Nations should refrain from publishing documents in hard copy or on its website until they are available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation had never been more favourable to women than in 2003.
Scotland will examine in the near future the possibility of expanding the scope of these prohibitions.
The annual budget for childcare for 2003-2004 will be more than three times that for 2000-2001 and these additional funds are mostly allocated to the most disadvantaged areas.
As part of the policy priorities for 2002-2003, the target of a participation rate of 72 per cent by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was set.
Goals had been set for reducing unwanted pregnancies among teenage mothers and measures were being taken to improve communication, promote education and provide women with user-friendly services.
Under the health plan adopted in December 2000, Our National Health: a plan for action a plan for change, NHS must ensure that health workers are able, professional and culturally, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The directors of all NHS organizations in Scotland have also personally committed themselves to implementing this programme by signing the Leadership Challenge of the Commission for Racial Equality.
Concerted efforts have been made to improve services in rural areas, such as schools, police, childcare facilities and facilities.
The Court Service is developing a partnership project with advisory bodies, which could involve electronic links between proposed business centres, courtrooms and the complainant.
A strategy is currently being developed, with two main objectives: to reach more women and children and to raise awareness of their security and protection choices; and to reduce social tolerance for such crimes so that they are no longer excused, tolerated or ignored.
In this context, we believe that, as stated at the last session of the Committee, 661, an emergency plan is needed to accelerate this process of renegotiating the financial amendments of these contracts.
We hope that all the issues highlighted by the head of the Office of the Iraq Programme, in his report to the Council on 29 September, as not yet resolved or agreed, will be fully resolved so that this transfer can be carried out in the best and timely manner.
It may be useful to foresee the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as Mr. Philip Alston had already tried to do, as an independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the bleak developments and the serious challenges that must be overcome and overcome if we are to achieve lasting peace and development, as called for in the Millennium Declaration.
Table 2 Number of donors that reported multi-year contributions to UNFPA regular resources, 2000-2003, by region (as at 28 February 2003)
In a democracy, the majority of Canadians have to choose the rules to which they wish to adhere, and in recent years Canadians have, in their majority, shown that they want less violence, both in real life and in the media.
Research shows that, with respect to crime issues, it is necessary, if only for financial reasons, to revitalize and focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, prior to the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided that the term of office of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November following the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted by consensus resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening of the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of the present report).
The Court's budget proposal is dictated by the Court's primary purpose of conducting fair public trials within a reasonable period of time.
A second technician maintains the OTP database and provides all necessary technical support for the daily use of the system.
The Registry structure, based on the same functional approach as that used for other major programmes, aims to ensure the greatest effectiveness possible through the establishment of a common service package for both the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
The three functions involve the establishment of three separate sub-groups within the Victims Participation and Compensation Unit in 2004, namely, the participation sub-cluster, the compensation subgroup and the Victims Trust Fund subgroup.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and Documentation Section
Performance indicators
• Travel of staff (including security officers for the Prosecutor, the President, judges and deputies travelling to high-risk areas): €952,691.
It would also provide advice on internal legal issues related to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Deputy Executive Director explained that the amount of the contribution was only one aspect of calculation: if the other two criteria — cash and thematic funds — were met, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
He also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the rule of law and would welcome further details on that issue.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not the modification of an existing reservation, but the formulation of a completely new reservation.
The Office has developed a comprehensive document on legal and judicial reform, which reviews progress over the past 10 years, in preparation for the midterm meeting of the Donor Advisory Group, to be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also stress the need for more intensive use of peaceful settlement of disputes, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
In reviewing peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be advised on how to offer the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society activists; the new measures have been the subject of relatively strong consensus within the Government coalition and it is hoped that the regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28-31 January and 29 and 30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are crucial to the sustainability of human species and the environment; our traditional knowledge systems must be respected, encouraged and protected; our collective intellectual property rights must be recognized and guaranteed; without the free and informed consent of holders of traditional knowledge, they should not become public, and cultural and intellectual property is protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further clarification and proposals on the structure during the intersessional period.
It may be aggravated from 5 to 10 years and the fine of between 50,000 and 1,000 CFA francs if it is established that the perpetrator has engaged in this activity.
- 1 Under-Secretary-General;
The Civil Code, which regulates family relations, declares in articles 78 and 80 that the human person is entitled from birth and up to death, and has the enjoyment and exercise of all private rights unless otherwise provided.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been established to ensure the effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of land entry, permission to enter the border can be obtained from immigration and border authorities.
Annex
There are no such discrepancies between men and women in other diplomatic ranks.
The recognition of the values and potential for assistance that non-governmental organizations can provide to governmental institutions is reflected in the Croatian Government's cooperation programme with the non-governmental non-market sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Belize) said that the exclusion of Taiwan from the United Nations violated the principles of universality and self-determination enshrined in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
Concern was also expressed that the inclusion of the “or undertakes to perform” would render the definition too broad.
However, concern was expressed that Variant B did not explicitly refer to the carrier's liability and that paragraph 1 of the draft article stated that the carrier was “injured of its liability” without first defining that liability.
The Working Group as a whole approved the substance of the paragraph.
* Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, India, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Pakistan, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Swaziland, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, Togo, Uganda, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play an equally crucial role in other situations of tension, such as the question of Palestine.
The Iraqi regime has always had to avoid war.
I wish to highlight the very useful contributions of a large number of speakers before me, who have greatly enriched our debate on this very important issue.
My delegation listened carefully to the comments made by the States Members of the United Nations during this debate.
A starting point could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that he believes should guide our decisions in the future of Iraq.
The Security Council bears and will continue to bear the primary responsibility for global peace and international security.
My Government has fully committed — and will continue to do so — to the fight against international terrorism.
We must be aware that there are still peoples under foreign occupation who are entitled under international law to resist such occupation.
We are also taking further steps to develop cooperation in this area with other Central Asian States.
It states:
Special allocations for the “resident coordinator support line” of programming arrangements will continue to be used in support of coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3, the Administrator shall include separate appropriations for the funding of funds administered by UNDP, which shall be submitted separately to the Executive Board for approval.
It will transmit to its partners the lessons learned and confirmed practices so that their policies and programmes are responsive to the concerns of poor women, those affected and infected by HIV/AIDS, those in conflict and post-conflict situations and those who are otherwise excluded from participation in decisions affecting their lives and choices.
The present proposal therefore does not envisage reducing the collection rate to reflect interest income, which currently stands at about 2 per cent.
The support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 was $7.3 million.
In order to compare with the changes in the volume of activities approved for the current budget period, the increase or decrease is expressed using the same coefficients used for the approval of appropriations.
Urban Secretariat
Burkina Faso indicated that it had begun the ratification process.
I refer to my letter of 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report from Indonesia submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of items of which the Security Council is seized is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
Reforestation and afforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization resulted in a decline in State revenues due to reduced tariffs and taxes, resulting in reduced public spending, especially in the social sector.
Clarification was sought on the joint panel of the Independent Expert on Human Rights/WTO; some delegations, emphasizing the need for human rights issues, including the right to development, to be addressed in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, said that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, the above-mentioned delegations called for enhanced South-South cooperation, trade and regional integration.
One speaker expressed the view that the working group itself was already a follow-up mechanism and that it was necessary to remain in place to review national studies and experiences and monitor the implementation of the outcomes of United Nations conferences.
In this context, the Working Group was of the view that States should, inter alia, seek to remove protectionist barriers to exports from developing countries and eliminate in some economic sectors subsidies that adversely affect their exports.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate this work, including by submitting recommendations, as appropriate.
The group asked the Director of the water treatment methodology project, the quantities of chlorine consumed each year, the quantities of water chlorine, the number of employees and the entities that provide chlorine.
It stresses the importance of effective, accountable and predictable collaboration in this area.
Case studies
Once again, the use of the veto power on 14 October prevented the adoption of a resolution that was considered by all to be balanced — a resolution that only called on Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by force and to consider the separation wall illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its multi-year leadership development programmes, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, has promoted leadership at the country level in a number of countries, including Cambodia, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal and Swaziland, as well as in the Caribbean region.
List of tables 10
Analysis and valuation 287 84
The written response of Iraq to this claim may be summarized as follows:
These instruments include the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapon Tests in the Atmosphere, Outer Space and Water (the Treaty on the Partial Test-Ban Treaty), the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, a treaty banning the placement of nuclear weapons and other celestial bodies.
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and entered into force on 23 June 1961, established the first continental demilitarized zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to join the consensus on the draft resolution.
Iraq had subsequently recognized that it had not paid attention to those changes.
I think that if we are honest, we must accept that the “end of innocence” has come, and there is no need to do so.
The last part presents the conclusions.
General implications: Development and poverty reduction can only be achieved if productivity gaps within and among countries are reduced through the mobilization of skills, know-how, technology and information in developing countries, with a view to achieving equitable and sustainable development.
For that reason, institutional capacity-building, skill development and entrepreneurship development were also critical to the success and impact of UNIDO's technical cooperation programmes; in that context, a new approach was proposed here for UNIDO's technical cooperation activities, which would make it possible to make more focused and efficient use of the experience and know-how of professionals whose services were provided under the eight modules.
The German-German Treaty on the Establishment of a Monetary, Economic and Social Union entered into force on 30 June 1990 and the German-German Agreement on the Preparation and Organization throughout Germany of the first election to the German Bundestag on 3 September 2000.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights are legally binding at the national level because of the ratification of these instruments, but also because, under article 25 of the Basic Law, they have a higher authority than ordinary laws and directly create rights and obligations for the inhabitants of the federal territory, insofar as they may be interpreted as general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties have devoted a separate chapter to the issue of public participation (Australia, the Czech Republic, New Zealand, Sweden), but many have addressed the issue from another perspective, with regard to the participation of NGOs and policymakers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) or as a general principle (Italy).
Others consider participation to be public participation in the development of climate change plans, programmes and policies (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict, it is essential to maintain a minimum level of environmental cooperation to safeguard natural resources and prevent the health of people from being threatened and the environment from being degraded in a sustainable manner.
In considering the construction of new waste-water treatment facilities, the reuse of these waters should be foreseen.
The quality of waste water discharged into the ordeeds, rivers and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be in line with the most recent international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo II Agreement, the settlement in Ramat Hovav in Israel should be used.
Second performance report
Mr. Barriga (Liechtenstein) said that the past year had been a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Special measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including by improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as by introducing multilingualism and teaching indigenous languages and cultures to promote greater intercultural understanding.
Following the receipt of additional information and clarification, the Committee considered the matter at several formal and informal meetings, and a number of proposals were submitted by France, the Russian Federation and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland respectively.
First, all individuals have a duty to help the public power, depending on their means, fully to fulfil its fundamental role.
Article 12
(g) It is important to call upon special rapporteurs and representatives to carry out their mandated functions and not to address issues beyond their competence.
The Committee is of the view that the special information programme on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has made an important contribution to informing the media and public opinion about the situation.
The Arabs have sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, which, as indicated in the Secretary-General's report, will remain a fundamental element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the cost of this first review conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by the States parties and States not parties to the Convention participating in it, in accordance with the United Nations scale, calculated as appropriate.
(a) Concerned that there was a high proportion of General Service staff in the regional commissions compared to the Professional and higher categories, and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, as appropriate, on the initiatives he had taken;
(c) The ratio of General Service staff to non-Secretariat/Professional and higher-level staff for all these offices, and hence the need for support capacity, is dependent on the local situation and the status of development of infrastructure and commercial services in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children died.
This is probably the first time, since the Cuban missile crisis, that the peoples of the world take the measure of the two options around a crisis of this gravity; that is, either a diplomatic settlement, thus peaceful, or a war, with its aftermath, the grave consequences of such action for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
It is in the interest of the Iraqi people.
For example, in two months of work on the ground, it should be noted that, thanks to the cooperation of the Iraqi authorities, the inspectors had access to more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private homes.
Indigenous peoples and communities are not deprived of their means of subsistence or are not displaced from their lands, in violation of Convention No. 169.
They shall not take disciplinary action or other measures against workers or other persons who have filed complaints or claimed that the company did not comply with the Standards;
Thirdly, he stressed the need to be prepared to change his positions and to explore every possibility of finding a fair compromise.
Introduction
Greece Mr.
and
In accordance with the Instructions for the Registry (art.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Central African Republic, Algeria, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Chile, Chad, Chad, Comoros, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Djibouti, Egypt, Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Tajikistan, United Arab Emirates, Uganda, United Arab Emirates, United Republic of America, United States of America, United States of America, United States of America, Democratic Republic of America, Democratic Republic of America, Democratic Republic of America, Democratic Republic of America, Democratic Republic of America, Democratic Republic of America, Democratic Republic of America, Democratic Republic of America, Democratic Republic of America, Democratic Republic of America, Democratic Republic of America, Democratic Republic of America, Democratic Republic of America, Democratic Republic of America, Democratic Republic of America, Morocco, Democratic People's.
Let Syria ask us — or anyone in this room — to listen to the voice of wisdom is a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
His delegation would like to know why the establishment of a Senior Management Service was an essential element for the advancement of major organizational reforms aimed at strengthening the international civil service (A/57/30 para.
The European Union endorsed the Commission's recommendation in its report (A/57/30) concerning the maximum admissible educational expenses and the education grant in countries and monetary areas listed in paragraph 141, subparagraphs (a) and (b), as well as the recommendation for the lump-sum reimbursement and additional reimbursement of boarding costs (para. 141).
All parties attended the weekly meetings and responded promptly to the incidents.
The total number of bank deposits has increased steadily, increasing by 6 per cent over the past six months.
This hour of history requires reflection, insight and action.
Mexico believes that genuine reform must be based on five very specific guidelines.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration - from developing and least developed countries in all regions - has been gradually expanded to services.
Goals and objectives
Where this amount is too high, however, it may have a deterrent effect and counter the objective of convenient, economic and quick access to insolvency proceedings.
Excluding the encumbered assets from the estate may generally increase the availability of credit, as secured creditors would be assured that their real rights would not be adversely affected by the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
Assets disposed of by the debtor during that period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The desirability of measures to protect the value of the encumbered asset may need to be weighed against their potential complexity and cost, and the need for the court to be able to make difficult trade decisions about such protection.
Automatic termination clauses
In order to enhance the transparency of the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clarify in the law the limitations imposed on the powers of the insolvency representative with respect to the types of contract discussed in this section.
However, even if this approach is adopted, the insolvency representative may have to commence proceedings to recover the assets or their equivalent value from the counterparty where the latter does not return them.
As noted above, however, a total desertion may disorganize the enterprise and hamper its continued operation at a critical stage of its survival.
The following list does not purport to be exhaustive and, in some cases, to overlap or not be relevant due to the provisions of the insolvency law.
As a general rule, the committee will act on behalf of creditors: its functions will therefore be directly related to the general functions of creditors, as described above.
Where a creditor committee is formed (and recruits professionals), this obligation can be enforced by requiring its members (and professionals) to sign confidentiality agreements.
Some of them provide general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan must give all parties sufficiently clear and precise information about the debtor's financial position and the changes in certain rights proposed therein, or set minimum requirements, such as that the plan must provide for the payment of certain preferential claims.
In practice, this period may be from 10 to 45 days (see chap.
The recommendations on notice of commencement provide for the debtor's protection by requiring notification of the application for commencement and by giving the debtor the opportunity to rebut the presumption
For example, the ILO Convention on the Protection of Workers' Claims in the insolvency of their employer, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the setbacks in this area.
The programme is responsible for providing support to the Economic and Social Council and for the interaction between the Council and the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination.
On 6 December, the Presidency circulated a draft presidential statement welcoming the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, presented the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force during the preceding six months at a private meeting with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF) (S/2002/1328).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained the required majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the appointment of Mr. Collen Vixen Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Narcisse Ahounou (Côte d'Ivoire) as members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a three-year term of office beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in order.
Together Foundation is proud to provide effective electronic communication services that enable the G77 to meet its growing information and communication needs.
It is a permanent forum in which institutions of higher education and their leaders can discuss important issues and problems in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002), in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (approximately 100 participants);
Private sector fund-raising strategies
The social fabric is eroding and makes women and girls vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, adult ex-combatants were the only people to be brought to our attention.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations is disseminating a comprehensive training manual on gender and peacekeeping to peacekeeping missions and Member States.
More needs to be done in post-conflict and reconstruction situations.
The international community should take appropriate measures to provide relief and compensation.
Web sites President of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
For 12 years, Saddam Hussein has defied Security Council resolutions.
We are now in a fast-growing phase, supported by a robust research and development programme, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the relevant resolutions adopted by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the most recent of which is resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
It is estimated that the one-week reduction in the duration of the annual sessions will result in savings of $228,300, at full cost, for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include ensuring the realization of the right to water without discrimination of any kind and requiring that measures to ensure its effective implementation be systematic, concrete and targeted.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties and the Regional Bureau may, as necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information.
Add a new subparagraph (f) to read:
(a) The aerosol falls under Division 2.1 if the substance contains more than 85 per cent, in mass, flammable components and if the combustion heat is equal to or greater than 30 kJ/g;
“For UN 3175, the lethal test is not required when the liquid is fully absorbed into a solid itself contained in a sealed bag.
P903 Add the following paragraph after “Emps satisfactory at the packing group II test level”.
4.1.9.2.1 Replace "Industrial type 1 (type IP-1)", "Industrial type 2 (type IP-2)" and "Industrial type 3 (type IP-3)" with "P-1-type IP-2-type collections" and "P-3-type collections" respectively.
Paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.7.6 become 6.1.4.6 to 6.1.4.6 and 6.1.4.8 and 6.1.4.8.1 become 6.1.4.7 and 6.1.4.7.1, respectively.
6.2.2.6.3 Quality management
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kuenyehia pointed out that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women victims of trafficking were immediately deported from Switzerland and that, as a result, they were no longer in the country, they could not testify against the perpetrators.
By committing, with the support of the international community, peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to build NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without supporting the related ills of patrimonism, we can argue that it has been used successfully to ensure development and stability in other countries and regions.
Although there has been a rise over the past two years, the amount remains far below the level of the 1990s.
The firm commitment of the international community, moving from words to action, and the continued and responsible leadership of Africa, working in a sustained manner for the sustainable development of the continent, will help to ensure the success of NEPAD.
It is the first legally binding international treaty on biotechnological trade.
• Less releases of organic pollutants and nutrients from ad hoc sources
(Thousands of United States dollars)
As indicated in the Secretary-General's last report, the Committee's 1999 review of the cooperation activities of the White Helmets formula and the experience gained in that regard took place.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the Chairman (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, now A/AC.268/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a United Nations civilian staff member who died in the service of peace, excluding those who died from natural causes or in an accident after the effective date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, trafficking by sea, law enforcement cooperation and training);
Rule 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that the officers of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs shall remain in office until their successors are elected and shall be eligible for re-election.
(c) COPAC should organize research on cooperative models in order to demonstrate how it works best and can be used in innovative ways and to create ways to share best practices and experience.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had drafted at the end of others expressed a preference for the proposal made by the Member States of the Organization of the Islamic Conferenceb (OIC).
This raises the risk of duplication and overlap.
The family, which is the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for the development and well-being of all its members, must be protected and receive the necessary assistance to enable it to assume all its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; killings, raids, destruction and detention are the lot of those children who lack access to education and medical care.
Their current situation in the context of Israeli occupation is far from a world fit for children.
We hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its wide range of activities will help to achieve the objectives of this draft resolution.
(a) To pay particular attention to the protection of refugee children, especially unaccompanied minors, and internally displaced children who are at risk of being abducted or forced to participate in armed conflicts;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
Child protection issues, especially sexual abuse and exploitation, were the main obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West and Central Africa reported that a number of countries in the region were in the process of developing legislation providing for more severe punishment for traffickers found guilty.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (non-governmental organizations) has already been established.
UNICEF is developing two HIV/AIDS strategies.
Resources for such activities have already been included in the programme budget for the current biennium and in section 24, Human rights, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
This provision would cover the costs of 12 military/military liaison officers ($488,200); 8 civilian police advisers ($325,400); 1,159 international, 143 national and 737 local), reflecting an overall increase of 12 posts resulting from a net decrease of 27 international and 21 national staff posts ($827,900);
Review of the programme of work: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I should like to draw the attention of the members of the Council to the following documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letters dated 2 June and 24 July 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General; and S/2003/685 and S/2003/698, letters dated 2 July and 9 July 2003, respectively, from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General.
“I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Group of States of the Islamic Conference at the United Nations, to request the Security Council to invite Mr. Ahmad Hajihosseini, Deputy Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, Chargé d'affaires a.i. to brief the Council under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure during the Council's consideration of the item entitled `The situation'.
But the effect is the same: annexation.
Fear is still very bad and is an artificial solution to the problems facing Israel.
The Norwegian Foreign Minister will reiterate that unequivocal condemnation in his meeting with President Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories, and the excessive use of force against innocent Palestinians also cause them to despair.
However, the Commission also took note of the different views expressed in the Working Group regarding the form and scope of the instrument, its fundamental principles and some of its main characteristics.
The Working Group agreed to recommend to the Secretariat to follow up on suggestions to expand the scope of the study by also addressing possible obstacles to electronic commerce that might arise from other instruments that had been proposed for inclusion by other organizations, and to discuss with those organizations the modalities for carrying out the necessary studies, taking into account the constraints that might be imposed on the Secretariat by its current workload.
Businesses engaged in legitimate business should not fear disclosing their identity or place of business.
(i) To further reduce non-strategic nuclear weapons in a transparent, verifiable and irreversible manner, on the basis of unilateral initiatives and as part of the nuclear arms reduction and disarmament process;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Non-Proliferation Treaty and banish any measures undermining its firm commitment to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The deputies of the State Duma state that when considering for ratification the documents to be submitted to them concerning Latvia's participation in the Agreement on Partnership and Cooperation between the Russian Federation, on the one hand, and the European and their member States, on the other hand, they will determine whether to ratify them in accordance with Latvia's human rights obligations and national minorities.
She would also like to know whether the Government was encouraging the formation of women's organizations.
Science and technology as a basis for sustainable forest management
Secondly, the knowledge generated by case studies should be used to develop indicators for different stress factors that are both scientifically specific and solid.
Date and place
The Chairman: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 have expressed the wish that the text be adopted by the Committee without a vote.
This simplified interface allows access not only to the database but also to other information available on the web site.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Policy coordination
Recognizing the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
Pilot projects had been approved for two of the Territories and their implementation would be the subject of careful consideration with a view to determining whether they could be implemented elsewhere.
The Supreme Council of the Judiciary shall elect, in addition to the candidates listed in article 3, paragraph 5, between two candidates whose names are also communicated to it by the Secretary-General, who shall serve as an international investigating judge and the alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
KUFEC's claim for Sidi El Kilani's development period 56 - 95 22
KAFCO assessed Jet A-1 fuel at its replacement cost in May 1991, based on the average price of the purchased quantities.
The output profile used after that date is based on the estimated annual production rate in 1994, although real output figures are now available.
Ms. Pham Thi Nga (Viet Nam), explaining her delegation's position, said that the draft resolution lacked objectivity and did not reflect the progress made in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution was strangely silent on the request of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the international community to establish an international criminal tribunal for his country with a view to eliminating violence and impunity.
Last November, Esther Galia, a mother of seven children, was shot and killed in a terrorist attack in the same neighbourhood.
They are essential to a comprehensive settlement.
Since the international community has given its endorsement of the road map agreed upon by the Israeli and Palestinian sides, its implementation requires genuine political will to achieve the final objective, namely, the two-State solution envisaged by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive signs that have recently indicated a revival of the political process, Israeli settlement policies and the continued construction of the separation wall run counter to all peace efforts.
The United Nations Charter reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while we throw anth on the terrorists of all sides, we must acknowledge that one of the sources of this tragedy is the despair of some peoples, who are victims of the frustrations and intolerable injustices that are slow to be addressed.
Iran does not have a nuclear weapons programme and does not intend to do so.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral use of military force, in violation of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage individual countries to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, the States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI, committed themselves to nuclear disarmament.
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion strategy of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of these indictees may have died and others may never be arrested.
In addition, following a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution now defines the family as an entity based on equality of spouses.
The plan provides for the formation of village development committees with at least one woman among their members who are responsible for implementing the project at the village level.
We are prepared to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal to ensure that these trials take place.
With regard to the question raised by the representative of China, namely, whether a combination of the completion strategy and a rapid transfer would allow the timely completion of cases, as the President said, the judicial process was not easily foreseeable.
Subregional level 2.
Therefore, solutions to prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes require the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, foremost among which is nuclear weapons.
In the area of export competition, it was suggested that export subsidies and credits should be reduced, but without specific targets or time frames.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment by the Community of Business Women's Network aimed at empowering women, including by facilitating their access to credit and trade and technical training;
This project is under way in the mountains of Central Asia.
Identification
Contents
Some participants emphasized the need to explore the possibility of establishing an international stabilization fund that would play the role of insurance as a mechanism to help address losses arising from the implementation of response measures.
Recognizing the importance of collaboration among the sponsoring organizations of the Global Climate Observing System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty be removed from the criminal sanctions legislation of the two Republics and explicitly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish an open-ended working group to explore ways to improve the predictability of funding.
Particular mention was made of the proposed provision concerning the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions would inflict considerable material and financial damage on third States.
It would be advisable to temporarily suspend sanctions in the event of extraordinary circumstances or force majeure (natural disasters, threats of famine, widespread disorder resulting in the disruption of the administration of the country), in order to prevent a humanitarian disaster.
Accordingly, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be addressed on a case-by-case basis.
The sponsor delegation, in turn, proposed the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergency situations and in cases of force majeure in order to prevent a humanitarian disaster, and should be decided on on a case-by-case basis.” With regard to this suggestion, the view was expressed that such a provision might not be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already provided for in the sanctions regime.
It was further noted that the last principle (sect. 5 above) raised an important issue of the codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the International Law Commission to consider it and the Sixth Committee to discuss it.
Transparency will remain the hallmark of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
As a result, despite the slight change recommended by the Group of Governmental Experts this year, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States have remained unchanged; they believe that the scope of the Register should be expanded, particularly since the experience of past years has shown that the Register, which is limited to seven categories of conventional weapons, will not attract universal participation.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help strengthen our rule of law gains.
My delegation believes that this is a historic opportunity since this is the first time that the Republic of San Marino is addressing the Security Council.
Further decides that the Bureau of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee shall be composed of five representatives of Member States elected on the basis of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors raised several points regarding the liquidation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1n), para.
Please indicate, as appropriate, how your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and conclusion
Source: Hague Conference, Convention No. 2 (available at www.hcch.net/f/conventions/text02f.html).
The obstacles to women's full participation in political life are, rather, rooted in traditional societal attitudes; there is indeed resistance on the part of men to women's participation in decision-making.
The trial of another Kosovo Serb accused of being the initiator of the April riots in Mitrovica began on 22 November.
Research activities using rockets and balloons, as well as ESA space missions, are designed and carried out in Esrange by the research teams in the fields of plasma physics, astronomy, atmospheric chemistry and material science.
UNCTAD's work in the area of trade and development was not intended to duplicate the work of other organizations, but to examine the relationship between trade and development in an objective and integrated manner from a development perspective, in order to facilitate and strengthen ongoing processes and negotiations in other forums.
The pilot phase had already strengthened the capacity of Somali disarmament, demobilization and reintegration institutions.
Target group: All reviewers.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the Council at its seventh session on the steps taken to implement the present decision.
“Village prisoners”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are unable to protect is your responsibility.
The Commission on Human Rights must play a key role in the process of improving the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other relevant entities, both public and private, as well as multilateral agencies, to continue to contribute, on a voluntary basis or as appropriate in accordance with their mandates, to activities related to the development and implementation of programmes of action to combat desertification in all affected regions;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that addressing the issue at an expanded bureau meeting seemed to be a strange solution, since the views expressed by the Expanded Bureau, meeting informally, would not necessarily reflect those of the Committee as a whole.
(iv) All known and projected expenditures relating to the representative duly authorized by the Secretary-General to serve on the International Advisory and Monitoring Board for the six-month period defined above, after which such costs will be borne by the United Nations;
Its counter-terrorism efforts using weapons of mass destruction will also be in line with the three-phase programme outline of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee, which will be based on the establishment of the necessary legal framework for counter-terrorism, followed by the strengthening of the executive machinery for the implementation of legislation and the development of international counter-terrorism cooperation.
Its production base remains narrow and small.
Despite the glimmer of hope for a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been the scene of armed confrontation in other phases and periods that have had a profound impact and repercussions on Egypt's peace efforts with objectivity and clarity, seizing every opportunity to establish a just and comprehensive peace for the countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also calls upon States to take all appropriate measures to protect the cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the lack of effective flag State control exposes the maritime sector to criminals smuggling arms and trafficking in drugs and diamonds, etc.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
In wartime, by the territorial courts of the armed forces and the military courts of the armed forces.”
There were 115 participants from 59 countries, including government agencies, international organizations, consumer organizations, trade and industry.
The TEMPORARY PRESIDENT said that he had been honoured to preside over the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Board, which had coincided with a period of greater stability after four years of reform.
Ghana, despite financial constraints, has undertaken to honour its financial obligations to the Organization.
Place of regular sessions
If the President ceases to be a representative of a member of the Governing Council or is unable to perform his or her functions, or if the member State of which he or she is a representative ceases to be a member of the Governing Council, the Bureau shall designate one of the Vice-Presidents as acting President until a new President has been elected by the Governing Council.
The role of poverty and its impact on the whole population was highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
The abolition of 57 outputs and the streamlining of publications were welcomed.
The Committee recommended the disbanding of the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus, since it was long overdue to agree on how to implement its programme of work and was unable to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that UNHCR's proposed programme budget was presented as a grant to simplify the link between OHCHR and the Secretariat and ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The strategy of subprogramme 2 should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the Triennial Comprehensive Policy Review and its outcome be submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women for its consideration and action, as appropriate.
The documents before the Working Group are listed in annex II.
A minority representative recommended autonomy for the Ogoni people in a specific area of Nigerian territory, explaining that this would promote socio-economic development and the full participation of the Ogonis in resource control.
The term “new minorities” was not accepted by all, and its use required further deliberation and deliberation.
Training courses should be encouraged to enable minorities to learn from human rights mechanisms and the development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
There seems to be a need for a new consensus on the issue of the role of the public sector in the field of energy for sustainable development (for example, setting policy goals, setting priorities and guiding markets), bearing in mind that market forces alone will not be sufficient to address the energy poverty of developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
At present, the approach could be described as “process”: some provisions of the Convention have been transformed into specific laws.
(c) The two C-160 Turkish military aircraft, coming from the FIR of Ankara, entered the Nicosia FIR, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the occupied area of Cape Apostolos Andreas before exiting in the east direction, from which they departed.
There is a need for long-term thinking and political will.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone and the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and most recently Liberia, show the full success of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes under emergency conditions, of increasingly complex peace operations involving multiple partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Moreno Ocampo, visited our Geneva office to discuss possible areas of collaboration.
These words are the best tribute to the work of MONUC.
Mr. Puzalte (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): I wish at the outset to thank your delegation for having included such an important issue as human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the Council's agenda.
An ecosystem approach requires expanding the functions and processes involved in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
Intergovernmental Panel on Forests process
(iii) Possible measures to reduce risks, in particular political risks, to investors engaged in sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
Nor did the United States do so when it offered money to Iranian nationals after United States missiles had shot down an Iranian commercial aircraft over Iran.
Initiation of students in knowledge management, especially those relating to accounting
(b) Systems analysis and design techniques (This item, which deals with pure computer issues, is dealt with in module 3.6.
The Israeli Government is led by a notorious terrorist, Ariel Sharon, who, according to two officers who participated in the massacre of Kafr Qassem in 1956, ordered the burning of Palestinian children to their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General, in preparing the conference-servicing budget, to ensure that the provision for temporary assistance is commensurate with the full demand for services estimated on the basis of current experience;
Paragraph 2 would be very close to the current paragraph 2 of model provision 32 and would therefore read: “Any expropriation of land that may be required for the execution of the project is carried out in accordance with...”; it would be followed by language that is currently in square brackets in paragraph 2 of model provision 32, possibly with reference to regulatory easements.
Perhaps a second term could be added to the French version.
Model provision 33, as amended, was approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY] Annex II
(f) That, as proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of their liberty shall be released in a manner that allows valid verification that they have actually been released and that they have been released in conditions that guarantee their physical integrity and the opportunity to assert their rights;
The study revealed that the way in which the Secretariat's administrative services operate does not allow for the full utilization of the opportunities offered by technology or for the adoption of the most modern practices, as in other organizations.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to the request contained in its resolution 57/110 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General for Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, with a view to bringing Myanmar into a transition to a civil regime, and to ensure that both have full and free access to Myanmar and that all persons cooperating with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are not subjected to any form of intimidation, harassment or repression;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/... of ... April 2003, endorses the Commission's decision to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a further year, as set out in Commission resolution 1992/58 of 3 March 1992, and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session and to report to the General Assembly.”
• Serious consideration should be given to dismantling large mining companies held by the State, such as Gamec and MIBA (Minister of Bakwanga).
Expresses its appreciation to those Governments that have made additional contributions for the establishment and strengthening of national human rights institutions;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;1
The unutilized balance was attributable primarily to the decision not to purchase new power generators, as the generators available could be repaired through spare parts that were sufficient to supply electricity.
Recalling that the relevant United Nations human rights instruments and global plans and programmes of action call for the widest possible protection and assistance to the family, and that the family has different forms, different from cultural, political and social systems,
The Voorburg Group addressed the issues of supplier identification and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its leading role in the budgetary process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, which, inter alia, advises the Programme on the preparation and execution of the biennial budget and on the management of the resources of the Programme on the basis of priorities established by Member States;
Capacity developed through: support to organizational and planning entities (public and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support for legislative formulation and implementation; inter-ministerial coordination; research and training capacity on development issues, etc.
Specific discussions on the items were held and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its six-hour mission and returned to the Qasr Ninawa Hotel in Mosul.
The National Monitoring Directorate informed him of the scheduled meeting and encouraged him to participate in the meeting.
The importance of broadband services as an engine for economic and social development should be recognized;
]
(b) The solicitation or acceptance, directly or indirectly, by any person who directs or works for any private sector entity, directly or indirectly, of an undue advantage, for himself or herself or for another person or entity, in order to perform or refrain from acting and thereby fail to perform his or her duties [in relation to an economic, financial or commercial transaction, which causes harm to the private sector].
[(j) Identify, freeze and trace funds of illicit origin derived from acts of corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
The view was expressed that it would also be important to ensure that the convention system took into account existing regional mechanisms and sought to avoid unnecessary duplication.
Text taken from the proposal submitted by Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (7 out of 32) presented a projection “without action”.
p For this year, a projection is provided for agriculture, but not for energy.
(b) To differentiate between the various cases in terms of their degree of difficulty by allocating more resources to extremely complex cases;
Agenda item 84
In addition, thematic meetings of treaty bodies should be encouraged, which contributed to improving and making the protection of human rights more transparent in a specific area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate it to the Third Committee.
In the face of the determined will of non-nuclear-weapon States, the nuclear-weapon States must show that they are making tangible progress towards nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that planted forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and adversely affect the rights and livelihoods of local populations (a practice strongly discouraged at the Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General of 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations contained therein, endorses the Secretary-General's proposal to establish an electoral unit within UNAMA, and calls upon Member States to support United Nations electoral activities in Afghanistan;
I refer to my letter of 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report from Spain submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It promotes TCDC in policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador has five women ambassadors, compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Montalvo (Ecuador) said that the most important legislative amendment had been the revision of the Family Code, which had passed to Congress on first reading and was awaiting a second reading.
Resolution 1456 (2003)
Executive Order No. 336, which re-established the National Commission of Action against Piracy and Terrorism as the National Civil Aviation Security Council.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The fruitful exchange of views on technical assistance provided delegations with a better understanding of the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
AFUR African Utility Regulators
MMA Maritime Authority
In some cases, however, there may be a need to consider various factors, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the issue of effective control and the existence of an agreement governing its relations with the State concerned.
OHCHR is counting on the generosity of donors, especially donor Governments, to meet these needs.
The key challenge remains to rectify the effects of past violence and address current violations while developing national capacities to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Statistical capacity-building;
The initial results of the Community's work make it possible to discuss a rich potential for cooperation between the Community and the Universal International Organization, based on the principles of partnership, participation and complementarity of efforts.
29B.24 Programme planning and budget preparation are under the responsibility of the Programme Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in this regard.
Based on these contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the Institute's Trust Fund as at 31 December 2003 would amount to $735,600.
Request for hearing
Variant A
The definition of “electronic signature” corresponds to the definition of “electronic signature” in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valenta at room DC1-603; tel.
With the exception of sales publications and public information material, hyperlinked official documents listed hereunder may be accessed through the Official Document System of the United Nations in the electronic version of the present Journal.
Ltd. (Sudan); LXO = Luxor Air (Egypt); NL = LoneStar Airways (affirmed by the Government of Liberia); Relief = Relief transport services Ltd (United Kingdom).
Smuggling accounts for more than 50 per cent of trade.
Illegal looting and harvesting by the starving security forces, extortion and other bribes undermine any prospect of economic stabilization and can only discourage capital inflows by foreign private investors.
The United Nations should assume a more active role in the negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearance of gendarmes would be, according to the testimonies received, pure desertion.
HIV/AIDS prevalence is increasing and children account for 7 per cent of the infected population.
However, efforts should be made by country offices to better formulate lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction - goals and objectives
Press conferences
The status of ratification of the conventions and the information received on the implementation of action programmes were among the key indicators of progress in the fight against slavery and slavery-like practices.
The observer for UNICEF outlined the work of UNICEF in the area of child protection.
Calls upon United Nations bodies and agencies to develop and implement codes of conduct prohibiting all forms of sexual exploitation by United Nations personnel, United Nations service providers and humanitarian workers, and invites non-governmental organizations to do likewise in their areas of competence;
Invites States and relevant non-governmental organizations to undertake research to achieve a better understanding of the misuse of certain ritual practices with a view to intimidating women and girls who are victims of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African Ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the 1990 session on improving and improving the functioning of the Conference (CD/1036), the Conference invited the following non-member States to participate in its work: Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Georgia, Ghana, Greece, Jordan, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malta, Monaco, Nepal, Oman, Philippines, Portugal, Philippines, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia.
I hope that the Ministers will call for accelerated action on all these vital security issues.
There is growing concern about possible links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.5, A/58/375, A/57/786, A/58/600 and A/58/610)); 120 and 121 (Programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium: administrative costs of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (A/58/214, A/58/214/Corr.1 and A/58/7/Add.1);
Encourages countries to submit, on a voluntary basis, national reports to the review session of the Commission in particular, highlighting concrete progress in implementation, including achievements, challenges and opportunities;
(d) Efforts to achieve better and more balanced representation of major groups in all regions within the Commission;
The issue of trade-distorting agricultural subsidies was raised and considered a serious obstacle to achieving sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005, the additional activities to be undertaken include a review, assessment and analysis of progress made towards the achievement of the Goals; an inventory of problems and obstacles encountered, as well as opportunities, the use of lessons learned, including the coordination of information received from various sources and capacity-building activities during the sessions of the Commission; the establishment and management of a transparent information and communication system; and a summary of partnerships containing information.
This assistance has resulted in the development of training materials, the training of trainers and senior officials, and the provision of technical and financial support for the organization of training sessions by Cambodian instructors.
The total net amount - excluding the amount of USD 251,432.04 for interest and the amount of USD 172,784.51 for claim preparation costs - claimed for the 380 claims in part one of the sixteenth instalment in which the Panel has ruled is USD 479,190,427.82.
These pilot projects, which will be developed and implemented within the framework of international cooperation, will aim to ensure that regional initiatives by different agencies or groups of organizations produce a synergy effect.
The Fifth Committee, having considered the statement of programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General3 and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,4 decides to inform the General Assembly that, should it adopt draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.1/Rev.1, the appropriation of $1,375,600, broken down as follows, will be required for the biennium 2004-2005 under section 2, Central affairs of the General Assembly and section 004 of the budget;
As part of its reception programme, the Government immediately provides shelter, food aid and language services for all returnees, men and women, and tries to find work for them, thus providing a number of services to this vulnerable group.
Within the framework of international cooperation, the Government is undertaking a comprehensive overhaul of its statistics and census centre, with the aim of improving the data collected and updating it and allowing for gender disaggregation.
There is increasing literature on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and practical examples of this contribution.
See for example Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraph 5, and CESCR General Comment No. 14, paragraph 3.
Is there a need to reduce duplication in the work of the Committee and of international organizations?
- Local Governments, which are responsible under the Local Government Act, annex II, to address the issue of vulnerable children, need to develop their potential more pragmatically;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of the evolution of net resource transfers to and from developing countries.
It was important to continue the dialogue that had begun in Johannesburg on the issue of debt-for-investment in environmental and sustainable development.
In the past, there have been cases where meetings of States parties have been substantially delayed or cancelled due to the lack of quorum.
On the occasion of Human Rights Day, the New York Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organizes several activities to commemorate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the Vienna World Conference on Human Rights and the award of human rights awards.
The view was expressed that efforts should be made to avoid that problem when the provisions of chapter 8 were considered in the light of existing electronic commerce instruments.
He reiterated that P&I Clubs favoured the application of the instrument to door-to-door transport and stated that while difficulties could arise both with a limited network system and with a uniform system, it should be noted that the transport industry had, to a large extent, adopted a multimodal transport network system, including the UNCTAD/ICC Rules and the COMBICON transport letter.
In response to a question concerning the reasons why the draft instrument should apply a default rule in the case of “non-localized damage”, it was reiterated that the focus was on ensuring that the liability regime for such damage was predictable and secure.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
There will be a briefing on the Secretary-General's Youth Employment Network, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Youth Employment Network Secretariat, the World Bank and ILO, today, 30 September 2003, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
In addition to the posts approved as at 30 June 2003, the staffing establishment would be increased by 223 international staff (1 ASG, 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-4, 74 P-3, 13 P-2/1, 29 Field Service and 74 General Service (Other level)), 537 national staff, including 25 National Officers, and 207 United Nations Volunteers.
The incumbent would be assisted by a Secretary (General Service (Other level)) and a driver (national staff).
Ms. Shin asked about the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission on Women's Issues, the Federal Office for Equality between Women and Men and the Swiss Conference of Gender Equality Delegates, and was concerned about the relative lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Bureau.
3, let.
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint work programme with IAEA to develop a standard through the IAEA Safety Standards Development process with appropriate participation of experts from the IAEA Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with IAEA and the Committee's reporting procedures and mechanisms.
Option 3
To our great regret, the United Nations Secretariat has taken no action to redeploy United Nations observers to the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait so that they can carry out the tasks assigned to them by Security Council resolutions.
Primary health care is also tragically inadequate in many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations have suffered a setback.
Among them, the National Women's Forum is a multi-stakeholder and representative dialogue and dialogue body that enables women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and direction of national policies for the full development of women, in accordance with the peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat has developed guidelines for the legalization of such groups, the training of their members in social organization and leadership, self-esteem and human rights in the departments of Chiquimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
Women's Health Week.
This collaboration could begin with the holding of an international symposium to study the different aspects of commercial fraud and the exchange of views among interested parties.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the following non-governmental organization that has requested consultative status with UNIDO: World Federation of Free Zones (WFZA).
The letter also expressed the hope that the authorities would seriously consider adopting these measures and shed light on the “Microphone” incident.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the action teams that could be taken into account in the preparation of the Committee's report to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to circulate to the Chairpersons of the action teams a template for their input to the Committee's report.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They further noted that the African Union had emerged from the shared vision of a united and strong Africa that would enable the African continent to meet the multiple challenges that Africa and its peoples faced in the light of the social, economic and political transformations taking place in the world.
They emphasized that these institutions must resist the efforts of some countries that use such conditionalities to defend their own interests.
They called upon donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian appeals commensurate with the needs of affected populations, without being influenced by the level of interest in the media, or by the geographical position of the location of the emergency that requires humanitarian assistance.
The surveys conducted so far in Tunisia show that no Tunisian banking institution or securities operator has any funds, financial assets or resources belonging to individuals or entities listed above.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordinating body should be designated within the United Nations system to provide support in this area, and the United Nations regional commissions should include certain activities,
Convinced that responsibility for road safety rests with local, municipal and national authorities,
Thematic discussion (theme to be decided on the basis of consultations held by the Bureau of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The proposed amendment to the Money Laundering Act, which establishes terrorist acts as offences under the Penal Code, will empower the Anti-Money-Laundering Office to freeze without delay the funds or financial assets of persons or organizations accused of terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is reviewed periodically on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations to the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization Dalate County Repression and the Ushen County Reforestation Section will host the seminar.
It should, in the long term, contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations that provide for sustainable land management and eventually lead to qualitative and quantitative improvements in arable land and increased agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and action plans and in their educational and cultural policies the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, indigenous customs and ceremonies, their history, their vision of the cosmos, their philosophy and their values.
The cold war mentality and the role of nuclear weapons in the doctrines of the nuclear-weapon States, the current stalemate in the Conference on Disarmament, the lack of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and especially the increased risk of the use of nuclear weapons, have created a precarious situation that makes non-nuclear-weapon States in dire need of negative security assurances.
Participated in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Women Judges, held in Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
They must therefore be secured by a number of provisions, namely:
- intellectual property rights;
We cannot afford to leave the Conference inactive or leave it to be complacent because of the obstacles to be overcome or because our feeling of powerlessness gives us a chance to fall.
In developing the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team engaged in a dialogue with local leaders and military units throughout the country.
These officers have effectively ensured the integration of children's rights and protection into peacekeeping missions.
However, should a staff member be re-recruited by an organization applying the United Nations common system less than 12 months after separation from service, any sum to which he or she may be entitled at the end of his or her reappointment for termination indemnity, repatriation grant or accrued annual leave shall be adjusted so that the number of months, weeks or days of salary for such payment has been added to the number of months, weeks or days of service.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council in particular, must act together at this critical time in order to avoid a humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq.
Accordingly, only claims for instalments completed on or after 2 May 1990 fall within the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only the amounts relating to the compensable period may be compensated.
The “E2” Panel has defined the scope of military operations and the concept of military threat of action for the different locations and dates of the losses reported in the claims before it, with a view to demarcating the compensable area and period (“compensable area”).
Canada accepted the presidency for a period of one year from 1 January 2004, after the end of South Africa's mandate on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will take stock of best practices and lessons learned from these recent planning activities to determine whether they could be applied to future operations.
Should a new operation be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be in a position to deploy it more quickly than in the past, through the strengthening of the United Nations Logistics Base and the new arrangements for civilian standby staff (as described in sub-items 3 and 4 below).
The maximum deployment time for members of the rapid deployment team will be 90 days, after which the staff will return to their original duty station.
An interactive training CD-ROM on stress management was recently completed and field missions were piloted in December 2002.
Mission training has been strengthened through the establishment of training cells in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET, as well as the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware of the need for a single code of conduct for all personnel assigned to peacekeeping missions, whether military, civilian or civilian police, even though disciplinary procedures vary according to the categories of personnel.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and the Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, the former Yugoslavia.
National and international commitment and cooperation are needed to address these challenges.
Lessons learned from the ongoing pilot projects show that it is crucial to identify productive activities for which there is potential demand, with low start-up costs and which require skills that people with disabilities can acquire.
This creates tension between vulnerability on the one hand and independence on the other, when an independent person so far faces the new need to receive care and depend on others.
After considering the informative and interesting case studies, one participant stressed the need to find a balance between self-regulation and public regulation in order to promote genuine transparency.
The search for a structure in which developed and developing countries could discuss the issue was considered necessary by several participants and it was noted that ISAR could play that role.
New York University Stern School of Business
University of Strathclyde
United Nations Decade of Education for Sustainable Development
In accordance with article 15, the deficiencies identified were reported to the claimants to address them.
In the case of a claim, the Panel has ascertained that the goods were delivered in Iraq by the claimant, but was unable to determine precisely whether they were delivered shortly before or after the date on which the trade embargo imposed by Security Council resolution 661 (1990) took effect, namely, on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries paid between August 1990 and April 1991 to employees reduced inactivity as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur was sensitive to the support of a number of United Nations agencies in the preparation of the study.
Similarly, only 4 to 7 per cent of these enterprises are headed by women.
- The leaders and officials of enterprises, institutions and organizations, and all other persons supporting terrorist activities, in particular by financing terrorists or terrorist groups or organizations, by providing or assembling funds for the commission of terrorist acts or related offences, or by conducting transactions involving funds or other financial assets;
- It signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified it on 12 September 2002, stating that it shall exercise jurisdiction over the offences set out in article 2 of the Convention in cases provided for in article 7, paragraph 2, of the Convention;
This law, which is not retroactive, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Internal Revenue Code in force as at 31 December 2000.
The CF and its members play a central role, individually and collectively, in helping the GM to carry out its mandate, as defined in Article 21, paragraph 4, of the Convention, but the prevailing feeling among the stakeholders consulted, including members of the CF, is that the GM has not yet fully discharged its role, having so far adopted a wait-and-see approach.
Finding a niche for the Global Mechanism
Curfews continue, but are not as strict as in 2002.
The Bishkek meeting, held on 9 and 10 July 1998, brought together experts from the nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) Whether the provisions of the Convention are guaranteed in a constitution or other laws and, if so, to what extent; or, if not, whether these provisions can be invoked before and given effect to courts, tribunals and administrative authorities;
(a) Seven members selected by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Control from among candidates nominated by the Secretary-General and endorsed by the Economic and Social Council, with due regard to the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded from voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution must be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the Group of African States, and on behalf of the other sponsors, to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti”, which provides an overview of the country's continuing special economic assistance needs.
As for the number of vacancies, it was true that it should not be significantly improved, given the gradual reduction in activities.
Another source of abuse is the billing of defence counsel services.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its 2002 session;
This figure, significantly lower than in 2001, is partly attributable to increased security concerns arising from the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001, which led some large resettlement countries to temporarily restrict admissions to their territory.
In 1998, many evidence was submitted to the FBI on this case.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures deriving from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;6
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical survey — the Government that considered that an investigation was necessary to obtain a clear picture of the situation before taking the necessary action — assesses the level of awareness of the issue in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the Monitoring Group by providing information or clarification.
Brazilian law enforcement officials had thus undergone training at the Regional Training Course on Drug Control in the Andean Community, Lima.
(9) The proposed regulations also impose restrictions on listed equipment and brokering activities.
To that end, she proposed imposing restrictions on trade with third countries of equipment and products that could be used for torture or for the imposition of capital punishment or other cruel, degrading or inhuman treatment.
With regard to the specific cases referred to in the report, it was reported that the imposition of the wearing of children for long periods of time, either in the case of transfer from prison or as punishment, violated the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (rules 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The texts of the laws cited in this extract are available on the website at http://www.admin.ch/ch/f/rs/rs.html (23 October 2002).
According to this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of evidence provided by a member of the Garda Síochána who has at least been a Commissioner, that a person holds or controls funds which are or may be used to commit or facilitate the commission of an offence of terrorism or the financing of terrorism, it shall issue an order on application, unless the defendant or any other person has established to its satisfaction that the funds were used.
The “terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Decision, i.e. the structured association of more than two persons, established over time and acting in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
European economic space, Swiss nationals and their dependants
Following a request made by the Government of the United Kingdom in October 2002 for Caribbean Overseas Territories to provide detailed information on all savings accounts holders by 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the States of the Caribbean that are members of the Organization of American States decided to combine the training of social workers with expertise in drug abuse.
Caribbean small island developing States have been armed somewhat to cope with both phenomena and climate variability.
• Identify multinational biological resources and identify land and marine areas that need to be protected
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory from being used to plan, organize, carry out or participate in terrorist crimes, from preventing terrorist elements, individually or in groups, from infiltrating and conspiring into its territory, from receiving, harbouring or financing them, or from using their national territory to visit other States.
Some areas north and south of the African belt of endemic malaria, as well as some mountain regions in many countries, are at risk of malaria.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors for their valuable support for the library.
(b) Develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources of the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt crusts, including applicable standards for the protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Aware that, at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world is undergoing far-reaching and historic transformations in which the forces of aggressive nationalism and religious and ethnic extremism continue to pose new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of the functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the International Labour Organization Administrative Tribunal is expected to continue, since the current disparities make some international staff more readily available to an administrative tribunal than others.
For its part, the administration should respond to requests for review by the organs of the administration of justice, an obligation to which it often lacks.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Goicochea (Cuba) said that it was in order to avoid breaking the consensus that her delegation had accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouheddou (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years later, adopted in Rome on 13 June 2002,
The summary was prepared after consultation with the other members of the Council.
Assistance and guidance
It continued to welcome the development of democracy in the Republic of China on Taiwan and hoped that the Chinese people, on both sides of the Taiwan Strait, would resolve their differences peacefully.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the inclusion of item 167 in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
d November 2002 exchange rate.
This supported the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at increasing awareness among decision makers and the general public of the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development through the use of space research; promoting increased use of space-related systems and services by United Nations entities and the private sector; and improving the management of the Earth's natural resources.
Viet Nam is committed to building a strong nation and a prosperous, equitable and democratic society, placing people at the centre of economic and social policies.
After plundering the wealth of developing countries, the former colonial Powers are now responsible for the deaths of 10 children every 7 seconds.
Unfortunately, the occupying authorities have prohibited Turkish Cypriots from benefiting from these benefits while limiting the freedom of expression of the supporters of a reunified Cyprus, which has been issued by the occupying forces.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are enshrined in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Panel discussion on microcredit
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power in most forestry workers severely hampers the impact of falling back on the poorest workers.
These activities are expected to accelerate the discovery of new medicines and vaccines.
For many years now, the Conference on Disarmament has not done any substantive work.
From the perspective of the protection of refugees, which is part of a whole, to be important, the primary challenge is to address the concerns of States in order to take refugee protection into account.
National asylum legislation and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement these obligations in a just and effective manner are the following steps.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with appreciation the work of the 12 action teams established by the Committee at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, under the guidance of voluntary Member States, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and urged Member States to fully support the action teams in the conduct of their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, it should be noted that the Organization of American States has proposed that the follow-up meeting at the 6 March meeting be held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully aligns itself with the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
The more we do, the more we see that we have yet to do.
Is this not, by definition, terrorism?
(a) The replacement of one or more officials;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and elaborated in the core instruments (International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Convention on the Rights of the Child, and Convention against Torture).
A vote was taken by show of hands.
First, emphasis is placed on the quality and availability of health services.
There are 28,523 women (19.3 per cent) out of 143,263 teachers.
Some reproductive health goals included in the Ninth Plan and the Second Long-term Health Plan are presented below (table 8).
As a result, the population is informed and educated up to the family level on women's health, in order to encourage the use of health services, through information, education and communication programmes (IEC), with the help of the media, women's voluntary health workers and health personnel.
All formal credit institutions require tangible guarantees for lending.
SAARC summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity in all its history has never faced such a challenge.
Liechtenstein welcomes this development and has participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to report on trafficking in persons and smuggling of migrants.
In Cambodia, joint efforts by the Government, the private sector and civil society, including people living with HIV/AIDS, have drawn attention and have been recognized by the international community as a result of their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, production, acquisition, transfer, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, in order to justify their opposition to the elaboration of a convention on remote sensing, argue that resolution 41/65 is still a useful instrument, since it emphasizes two principles that they consider to be priority:
Rape has been used with impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terrorize the hostile population.
Ten years ago, violence against women was a completely ignored issue.
States should implement General Assembly resolution 57/179 on measures to eliminate crimes against women committed in the name of honour and to intensify efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes through legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur calls for the establishment of an Ombudsman or any other monitoring and discipline mechanism in all peace support operations.
This chapter gives an overview of the obligations of transnational corporations with respect to the right to food under international human rights law.
These are clear violations of the right to food, as well as the deliberate destruction of schools and health posts in many regions, constitute a clear violation of the rights to education and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 2003)1
While the situation of the Georgian economy had improved somewhat in recent years, it remained extremely worrying, with a heavy external debt burden and a real unemployment rate of over 12 per cent (official figure).
Accordingly, they doubted that Georgia's non-payment of the amount required under Article 19, and even less the non-fulfilment of its commitments under the previous three payment plans, were due to conditions beyond its control.
The Global Programme against Money-Laundering participated in an assessment of offshore financial activities in the British Virgin Islands conducted under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 12 to 22 November 2002.
Actions planned for 2003 and beyond include: improving national capacities in health and family life planning, strategic planning and support for the adolescent and youth component of the national strategy to combat HIV/AIDS and promoting a rights-based approach to support orphans;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and took note with appreciation of the report of the Working Group on the work of its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This is the product of your abilities and effectiveness — qualities you have demonstrated throughout your diplomatic career, both at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and here at the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has made efforts over the years to place greater emphasis on TCDC within the context of its programme of work, using both regular and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Brunei Police Force, in close cooperation and coordination with other national law enforcement agencies, cooperates with States in the region where the exchange of information and other operations can take place under similar conditions.
Since the negotiations on this international instrument were concluded at the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, my delegation has the honour to request that item 108 of the agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “Crime prevention and criminal justice”, be considered in plenary meeting only for the adoption of the draft United Nations convention against corruption in due course for the signing of the United Nations conference in December 2003.
to the Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Renewing the United Nations: a programme for reform”;
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125].8
Progressive development of the principles and norms of international law relating to the new international economic order [P.150].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group had resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002, and had again addressed general issues concerning the scope of the convention (see A/CN.9/527, paras.
Paragraph 2
Norway fully supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
The clarity with which they relate, moreover, to the efforts of African countries and the support of the international community and the United Nations system makes it easier to understand the gravity of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is imperative and urgent.
This would also be in line with the interests of the majority of Member States, which lack sufficient staff resources to review all United Nations activities in detail.
The first consolidated biennial report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16) informed the Commission on Narcotic Drugs of the decline in global opium production, from about 20,000 tons per year at the beginning of the twentieth century to less than one third of that tonnage in 2000.
Africa provided 24 responses (21.4 per cent), the Americas 20 (17.9 per cent), Asia 32 (28.6 per cent), Europe 34 (30 per cent) and Oceania 2 (1.8 per cent).
Financing alternative development and eradication programmes for illicit drug production and resource mobilization
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
This is indeed a situation where everyone is lost, and in his report the Secretary-General explains why, in his view, this opportunity has been missed, so I will not dwell on it.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory has 14 State primary schools and four State secondary schools.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the programme narrative of section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries rely mainly on PRSPs.
The border is thus already determined, further strengthened by Security Council resolution 1507 (2003), which calls on both parties to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The posts reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal structures of Lipljan (Pristina region) remained vacant, with no qualified candidates.
The Kosovo Serb representatives from five municipalities, namely Kosovo Polje, Lipljan and Obilic (in the Pristina region), Novo Brdo (Gnjilane region) and Zvecan (Mitrovica region), complained about difficulties in accessing judicial institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) economic stability at the national and decision-making levels will be achieved; (b) commitment and commitment on the part of Governments to address environmental management issues and to promote prevention and mitigation of environmental damage through the advice and assistance of UNEP; and (c) voluntary contributions.
(iii) Technical material: a database and an electronic forum on best practices on the social and environmental responsibility of Internet-based companies (1); advisory services (information clearing houses) on persistent organic pollutants, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); online database on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction (1); information clearing house and website of the Global Network on Energy for Sustainable Development (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive programme of socio-economic and political development in the continent, and it must also be addressed from a comprehensive perspective.
Interdependence of democracy and human rights 143
Recognizing the important role of women in the reconciliation process and the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and exercised without discrimination of any kind;
Recommends the following draft decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Stressing the importance of fully implementing the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS “Global Crisis and Global Action”, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001 at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note of:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, with a view to further rationalization and effectiveness and in order to facilitate her access to the information she needs to carry out her functions, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their possible mechanisms for the promotion of women's human rights;
Also requests the Secretary-General to call upon Governments, United Nations organs, programmes and specialized agencies, as well as international and non-governmental organizations, to indicate the measures they have taken to promote and implement, as appropriate, the guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights and the present resolution, and to submit a progress report to the General Assembly, in consultation with interested parties, for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Urges States to pay particular attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account that girls and boys may face different types of risks;
Welcomes the affirmation by the General Assembly that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous people is one of the major objectives of the Decade, and calls for the speedy completion of the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee on derogations from the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in times of emergency,
Staff of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to re-establish the rule of law, including by working with international donors to train law enforcement authorities that are committed to the protection and protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take steps to improve access to justice, as well as to implement prison reform measures to bring it into line with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43, paragraph 2, of the Convention, which brings the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child from 18 to eighteen, expressing the hope that this amendment will enable the Committee to carry out effectively new tasks related to the follow-up to the two Optional Protocols to the Convention, and also hoping that the Committee will finish its work late,
(g) To afford the widest possible assistance in any investigation, criminal or extradition proceedings relating to the offences referred to in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including the obtaining of evidence at their disposal necessary for the purposes of the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
Also at the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally introduced the proposed amendments (E/CN.4/2003/L.77) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.2, by inserting, before paragraph 1, two new paragraphs as follows:
Discrimination in the criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the proposed amendment (E/CN.4/2003/L.103) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.66, sponsored by Cuba.
Subsequently, Eritrea and Malaysia joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised operative paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women are more numerous than men, the age gap is widening, and that the status of older women worldwide must be a priority,
It was understood that, should reimbursement be based on standard rates, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for the costs of their participation in a United Nations peacekeeping force.
The Committee had discussed the matter with the Secretariat in order to ensure that, in future, detailed information on the simplified approach would be provided in due course.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the Mission had planned 46 aircraft for 2002/03: 22 helicopters and 24,680 flight hours and 24 fixed-wing aircraft and 39,700 flight hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. by Mr. David Anderson, President of the Governing Council at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chaskalson announced that, at the request of UNEP, an advisory committee of judges had been established to deepen cooperation between UNEP and the judiciary.
By a note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted Member States and received in writing the following thematic proposals:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures are one of the main obstacles to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
Replace Gg CO2 equivalent with Gg
Often, the “repeated churches” are involved in maintaining this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore unable to report on the fate or whereabouts of the persons concerned.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, of which 318 were clarified on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 on the basis of information provided by the source.
A small number of cases concerned persons who were reportedly arrested at checkpoints by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000 or abducted by Hizbollah and transferred to the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted again two updated cases based on new information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our appreciation and appreciation to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barthelemy, who, through their dedication and readiness, have honoured the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $796,000 provides for meetings of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender statistics, other measurable aspects of socio-economic life and information technology application;
During this raid, two Palestinians, including a 15-year-old boy, Mohammed Rabie Saber, were killed.
Developments in the peace process
However, between July and September 2002, some absolutely condemnable acts by the regular armed forces resulted in the death of a considerable number of civilians, including the elderly, women and children whose responsibility in the conflict was far from being proven.
One member from Eastern European States;
Noting that, as some Parties have submitted late or failed to submit their notifications and that delays have occurred in the conduct of in-depth reviews, the assessment of implementation has been hampered,
Implementation may be expected to continue to pose challenges in the future, as it will take time to change the financial management culture and focus on outputs and outcomes rather than inputs and planning.
It was regrettable that the goals set out in the Programme of Action were not generally achieved, thus leaving the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance affecting the lives of millions of people around the world.
They may do so in writing at any time.
C. Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee is concerned that the rights set out in the Covenant are not adequately protected with regard to a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party seek international assistance for the effective functioning of the Public Defender's Office.
It also commends the State party's efforts to make public the results of its interaction with the United Nations human rights treaty bodies, including through the possibility of making their reports available on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the translation of their concluding observations into Estonian.
With regard to the general comment, it considered that the focus should be on gender equality.
Individuals and groups should have full and equal access to public or third-party information on water, water and the environment.
The “A parcel for a peacekeeper” operation was able to send to peacekeepers on mission to Bosnia and Lebanon 15,000 parcels at the end of the year.
Reiterates its call upon the parties to redouble their efforts to take confidence-building measures and contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Rwanda, Tonga, Uganda.
In particular, a set of documents should be developed:
A collective approach and spirit have emerged.
We will achieve these goals only by facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, raising awareness of the dangers posed by mines, destroying stockpiled mines, providing assistance to victims, facilitating their social reintegration and convincing new States to formally accede to the Convention and meet its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political need of the Ottawa Convention as a means of significantly improving the lives of people in many countries who are seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also summarized the evolving role of the Special Unit for TCDC and described some of the resulting adjustments to its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) Is the accomplice of a person who commits or attempts to commit one of these acts.
“1 bis.
If the homicide is committed by the author while he is driving a vehicle in a state of drunk, using drugs or medicines that allude his or her personality or in a situation that undermines or reduces his or her mental, cognitive or physical capacities, the penalty of imprisonment that he or she would be imposed in the absence of these circumstances.
Each of the cases reviewed and the arguments heard, the Chairman will submit the procurement recommendations for approval to the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) The nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee, held in Brazzaville from 14 to 17 May 2003;
Convinced of the need to make every effort to contribute in an effective and coordinated manner to the challenge of removing anti-personnel mines placed throughout the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition, the social security courses provided in the LOGSE are for young people entering the labour market without completing their training.
Social security branches included in the Spanish system
The beneficiaries of this pension are surviving spouses and separated or divorced spouses, or whose marriage has been declared null.
The facilitation of access to decent housing is therefore a principle that must guide public action.
(c) Management and resolution of personalized economic assistance files related to protected housing and protection actions for rehabilitation;
In these agreements, the central and autonomous public administrations retain their respective normative competencies, which they exercise in a concerted manner to achieve the cultural purpose of the conventions, which is financed in proportion or in amount.
A solution may be to provide culturally appropriate education and gender-sensitivity to children from an early age so as to promote a new culture that promotes joint action against HIV/AIDS and improved economic and social conditions for all.
The rule in Barcelona Traction derives from the general principles of the law of companies admitted by civilized nations and not from customary international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule set out in the Barcelona Traction case led States to resort to bilateral investment treaties, which allow investors to settle their disputes with the host State before resorting to ad hoc arbitration tribunals or the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes established by the Convention on the Settlement of Investment Disputes between States and Nationals of Other States.
Barcelona Traction Authority
In the Delagoa Bay case, the United Kingdom and the United States strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when they intervened to protect their nationals who were shareholders in a Portuguese company to which Portugal itself had caused injury, but the arbitral tribunal seized of the dispute had jurisdiction only to determine the amount of compensation to be awarded.
A corporation therefore cannot change its nationality for the purposes of diplomatic protection by changing its social headquarters, domicile or location.
Ibid., p. 3.
“The Court notes from the outset that the complainants do not complain of a violation of their rights as shareholders in the brasserie Fix, such as that of sitting in the General Assembly and voting.
Mutual legal assistance shall be granted, as far as practicable, in investigations, prosecutions and judicial proceedings involving offences for which a legal person may be held liable in the requesting State Party, in accordance with article [...] [Responsibility of legal persons] of this Convention.
(c) The full or partial assignment of the value of such proceeds or property or of funds from their sale to the multilateral debt of the requesting State Party.
]
Addition proposed by Ukraine.
The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon are as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural youth around the world, FAO also stresses, in its programmes, projects and activities, the importance of close family ties and the protection of major family values.
Although the situation of internally displaced persons has changed somewhat as a result of the recent conflict, some families that have been able to return to their homes, the resettlement of displaced persons remains a major humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional arrangements in the field of human rights continues to facilitate efforts on both sides in this field and that there are opportunities for increased cooperation,
Education and diplomas
Publications
- Aspects of the rights of contingent soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Concern was expressed about the high number of external factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/OC.263) from Inocencio Arias, Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a follow-up progress report pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In that connection, I should like to reiterate that we should build the Secretariat's capacity and learn from the success of the expert groups.
It goes without saying that my delegation fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcello Spatafora, who spoke so eloquently on behalf of the European Union.
Since I also represent the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan in today's debate, I would like to underscore the decisive and stimulating role played by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: Postgraduate studies in political science at the University of the Sacre-Cour of Milan
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers arriving without permission on Christmas Island, the Cocos Islands and the Ashmore Islands have been returned to Nauru and the Isle of Manus in Papua New Guinea, where they would be accommodated in detention centres pending the determination of their asylum applications;
Due to the signs in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we are confident that the preparatory process will be completed, as well as the conference.
As we have stated on many occasions, we fully support the regional approach to issues related to the Great Lakes region, hence the importance of appropriate preparations for this international conference.
While some progress had been made by the Committee on Treaties, including a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, a number of policy issues had made any real progress.
In previous negotiations under United Nations auspices, Mr. Denktash, as part of a package of comprehensive measures, had agreed that the size of the Turkish Cypriot State was within that range.
The concrete results in the area of gender equality did not seem to correspond to the number of measures taken or the political will of the Government of Canada; she therefore wished to know whether the Government had new ideas to move forward.
More information should be provided on the services to which women have access, on the financing of women's organizations and policies for women, on the persons or bodies responsible for such efforts and on cooperative measures.
OIOS rightly points out that the centres in the seconds need to be managed differently from those in the former, where access to the Internet and libraries is not problematic.
Ms. Afifi (Morocco) said that it was very important for the Organization to have in place internal oversight mechanisms to identify irregularities and recommend solutions.
The key is to detect these transgressions as soon as possible and to prevent them from increasing.
The proposed items will be added to the list contained in the report of the Third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.2 The vapour aerosols shall be classified as flammable, highly flammable or inflammable according to the following criteria:
The indigenous youth movement has emphasized the revitalization of indigenous languages.
It does not follow any rule and seems determined to translate its declared intentions into reality despite international condemnation.
We have also noted that, in defiance of the will of the international community, it continues to build an expansionist wall, usurping Palestinian land and preventing Palestinians from living in normal life.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the necessary authority to undertake this crucial task.
Underlining the importance of education in the promotion of tolerance, which involves acceptance of and respect for diversity, and that education, in particular at school, should make a useful contribution to promoting tolerance and the elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 calling for the necessary mechanisms to enable its associate members, including the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories, to participate, subject to the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, in the special sessions of the Assembly devoted to the review and appraisal of the implementation of the plans of action of the United Nations world conferences, in which those States were originally participating in the capacity;
The value of an indicator on deposit guarantee mechanisms is easily explained, since the public considers that banks are not companies like others.
One of these steps was the establishment of a system for the collection of information on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization agrees to accept the statute of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Néstor Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
There is a need to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system, as well as to strengthen the role of our International Organization as a focal point for the efforts of the international community in support of affected countries, taking into account the priorities set by the authorities of those States themselves.
Legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities for disaster preparedness and management, including the transfer of responsibility for disaster management from military control to civilian control.
The first regular session of the UNDP/UNFPA Executive Board for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters in New York from 20 to 23 January.
He stressed that full cost recovery was a fundamental necessity for the UNOPS business model.
They wished him a happy retirement.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and curfews in the West Bank and Gaza Strip would enable the programme to move beyond its objectives.
It urges them not to recruit children as soldiers or as auxiliaries, or even to interfere with them in armed conflict.
Notes with satisfaction the success of the pilot project on the development of international broadcasting capacity for the United Nations, and endorses the Secretary-General's proposal that the pilot project be an integral part of the Department's activities;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide free public access to the Official Document System of the United Nations through connectivity to the United Nations web site, to be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Suppl.
On a more encouraging note, it welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all the official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group and stressed the need for that to continue.
It was noted that much could be learned from existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Basel Convention website (www.base.int).
At its 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on this agenda item on the basis of the draft contained in the relevant conference room paper, as orally amended.
(a) Undertake and supervise concrete activities of the project on priority areas, in particular the production, movement and environmentally sound management of wastes, and the active promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, France, Gabon, Germany, Guatemala, India, Ireland, Japan, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Republic of Korea, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, South Africa, Sudan, Syrian Arab Republic, Uganda, Ukraine, United Kingdom of Great Britain and United Kingdom of Great Britain and Zimbabwe.
The French version of the UNGEGN information kit had been published.
The Conference began its consideration of agenda item 21 (Adoption of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before continuing and adopting the final text of its draft report.
Noting also the essential role played by the present United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and the sessions of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During his meeting with local NGOs, the expert's attention was again drawn to the need to provide police officers with uniforms and training.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on forest products production, consumption and trade (1); database on forest resources (1); database on assistance to countries with economies in transition in the forest sector (1); maintenance of a website providing meeting documents, excerpts of publications and information on activities related to the timber subprogramme (1);
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information on trafficking in children and child prostitution from, inter alia, the Children's Challenges, Government Ministries, the Police, including the Central Office for the Suppression of Trafficking in Persons and the Juvenile Welfare Brigade, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For meetings of the governing bodies and for other intergovernmental meetings, the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly adhered to, unless otherwise decided by the participants; if the secretariats are unable to provide pre-session documents in all languages prescribed for reasons beyond their control, they should, on an exceptional basis, submit them provisionally as subsumed or as summary records in the languages concerned, within the prescribed time frames;
Although the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that the latter did not use the term “official languages”, [signal statements] [it should be emphasized] that, when the General Assembly of WIPO considered a report entitled “Use of Portuguese as a working language of WIPO” (WO/GA/26/1), at its September-October 2000 session, it recalled the decision of the governing bodies in 1979 to use the language of WIPO”.
Such an exercise could be carried out as part of an inventory of staff language knowledge, which should itself be part of the regular data provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or on human resources management.
In addition, translation delays are additional to the normal time frames for implementation.
For example, the peer review process of the Development Assistance Committee of the Economic Development Cooperation Organization could be expanded to include trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed in the Human Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement comprehensive programmes of study, including on human rights and gender issues, and to disseminate information on the Convention with a view to changing stereotypical attitudes about the roles of men and women, in particular to accept the idea that child education is a social responsibility of both mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators have been developed to address drop-out and teenage pregnancy in national fertility surveys.
The Committee reiterates its concern that it expressed following its consideration of the third periodic report concerning the law on the 300-day waiting period imposed on widowed or divorced women prior to remarriage.
The Committee recommends that the State party take further measures to facilitate the reconciliation of family and professional responsibilities and to promote equal sharing of domestic and family tasks between men and women.
The Committee is concerned that there is no systematic collection of data on violence against women, including domestic violence.
According to the Banking Act (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) A fine of $500,000, if a legal person is involved.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press release on the exchange of correspondence relating to the visits of Argentina to South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, in which they stated, inter alia, that:
The facts and history of the contracts relating to the project were explained in paragraphs 304 to 312.
This amount includes (a) USD 2,300,392 for works performed and materials allegedly delivered at the project site and (b) USD 1,457,674 for the retention monies.
The evidence indicates that the work to which the final payments were made (claims 47 and 61) was performed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the MIE Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation of the departure of its employees from Iraq, for which project assets were left unguarded.
No further deduction was made after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Iraqi customs authorities never cancelled the remaining portion of the fines (IQD 348,000) that they imposed on the Consortium.
In short, the Committee expects to shorten these reports and recommendations, wherever possible, thereby reducing the cost of their translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, in the follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits, the Council must play a central role in monitoring concrete progress towards the various goals set by those conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which heads of State and Government resolved to make every effort to ensure the entry into force of the Kyoto Protocol and to commence the required reduction in greenhouse gas emissions,
This suggestion was not accepted, but it was to be hoped that the authors would wish to consider whether a less frequent examination would be sufficient in the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of the Interior and Land Management of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed in the Executive Council to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
The aim was therefore to provide the Committee with the necessary resources to carry out its tasks.
There can be no justification, in any way, for this smuggling, whose repercussions are still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to promoting the equitable use of ocean resources and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to follow-up to the Millennium Summit, mention should be made of the Secretary-General's observation in his report that the Goals could be achieved if, by 2015, we maintain and boost the momentum of the past three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, there can be no more important or noble goal than poverty eradication.
A suspicious death that has not been clarified was recorded in the Mape internment camp, where Liberian combatants seeking refuge in Sierra Leone are being detained.
The recovery of heavy weapons started in Mazar-e-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration will start only in early January to allow sufficient time to verify the four divisions in the area, as well as the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers expected to participate in the operation, twice as much as in the Kunduz and Gardez pilot phases.
However, these capabilities should not be available before the beginning of the summer of 2004, when five provincial reconstruction teams in the north of the country are expected to move under ISAF command.
Activities for which larger core resources should be made available include:
UNIFEM strategies
Ten-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on women, peace and security (S/2002/1154); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Experts' Assessment on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Role in Peace-building (UNIFEM, 2002); Not a minute to lose to end violence against women (UNIFEM, 2003).
The Panel considers that these illicit imports of Serbian weapons have significantly increased the Government of Liberia's fire power in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations aid agencies are currently developing five regional branches in Saclepea (Nimba County), Voinjama (Lofa County), Gbarnga-Pebe (Bong County), Harper ( Maryland County) and Zwedru (Grand Gedeh County) from which they provide humanitarian assistance within the country.
Charles Taylor exercised control over all of Liberia's profit-making, legal or illicit industries.
Bilateral and multilateral agencies
The weakening of Islamist groups would be due to the improvement of the economic situation, the opportunities offered by power, social resistance, especially that of elites claiming freedom and democracy, as well as to the actions of law enforcement agencies, as well as the loss of the attractiveness of many young people.
According to the Ministry of Religious Affairs, there are now 11,941 mosques in operation, of which 1,840 are being completed and 1,079 are under way.
The working papers prepared by the major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report to the Commission on the work of the Committee on Energy at its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) ESCWA member States will support efforts to promote the use of information and communication technologies to improve competitiveness and productivity; (b) there will be sufficient information technology infrastructure and applications to support the development of networks and interconnectivity; and (c) member States will follow up on the World Summit.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam was a religion of tolerance; Shari'a was perfectly compatible with human rights.
In particular, the aim was to define effective algorithms for filtering and running of the firing window, as the combination of the problem was high.
In collaboration with researchers from Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, United States of America, and the Imperial College of London, the Museum of Natural History continued to evaluate in situ techniques for the analysis of particulated particles in a steel wing.
The main development challenges should be linked to the input equipment, its attitude and orbit correction system and its guidance, navigation and control elements, necessary for the secure approach of uncontrolled and unpredictable objects.
At least two separations (an Ekran satellite and a Titan gun) occurred in the geostationary orbit, but the corresponding fragments were not identified, meaning that their orbits are unknown.
Item 3.
“The Security Council supports the commitment of the Interim Administration of Afghanistan to eliminate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement the decrees prohibiting opium poppy cultivation, production and transformation, including illicit drug trafficking and substance abuse.
The list of these issues was presented by the author during UNCTAD's 2002 meeting in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not contradictory but rather complementary and interdependent.
• Regional security functions
Minimum requirements for medically assisted treatment of drug addicts
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9, 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered quadrennial reports deferred from previous sessions under agenda item 4.
The secretariat would prepare a draft letter for distribution to the members of the working group.
In terms of content development, emphasis is placed on the design of products and services in languages, media and presentations that allow optimal dissemination and use by broadcasters and users.
• In order to expand its outreach, the regional information centre will work closely with the resident coordinator offices in the countries where it exists, and can develop partnerships with national institutions and organizations, such as United Nations Associations.
Phase 2 ended on 4 February 2002 with the introduction of the new multilingual system, which fully utilizes the multilingual capabilities of the Lotus Notes environment by allowing users to choose among the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity as to the law and practice governing police custody, the length of police custody and access to a lawyer during police detention.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Consultative Commission on Human Rights to function in accordance with the Principles relating to the Status of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (“the Paris Principles”), as set out in General Assembly resolution 48/134.
Information on the measures taken by the authorities to prosecute the perpetrators of trafficking, as well as more specific information on the number of victims and the number of children receiving protection, repatriation and reintegration measures, should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements and the biennial support budget are fully in line with the four-year clarification period.
Ms. Shin commended Mexico for having organized the first world conference on women in 1975 and had ratified the Convention and the Optional Protocol very soon.
The equality of men and women is of particular importance in economic and social development.
The main objectives of UNISPACE III were:
The Ministry of Justice received requests for registration from more than 100 parties.
Examples of initiatives to strengthen the capacities of LDCs for the implementation of the principles of good governance include the funding by the United Kingdom Department for International Development of a programme for local government reforms in the United Republic of Tanzania; support by the G-8 for the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which includes 34 LDCs; and the participation of Italy in the African Regional Technical Assistance Forum;
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example — have announced additional debt relief and, in view of the shortfall in the HIPC Trust Fund reserves, some have decided to increase their contributions to the Fund; the Government of Morocco has announced the cancellation of the debt of African LDCs and the duty-free admission of their exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his latest report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243) and the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
Relations with Jakarta have been standardized; militia members based in West Timor, in our view, seem to be largely demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I wish to stress that, as the Secretary-General rightly said, the lasting stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of the Timorese leadership to the rule of law and on its continued efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism has been installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly Hall to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
The general debate will be webcast live and archived for viewing on request at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity referred to by the Turkish representative is only one — and here I use the terminology of the European Code of Human Rights and the subordinate administration of Turkey, and nothing else.
The European anti-racist football network also organizes annual events in Montecchio, Italy, the Anti-racist World Cup, a cultural and sports event that brings together non-professional European artists and football traverses from migrant communities.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Panel discussion on “Reducing the risks of biological weapons”
Article 34
(b) If both spouses are staff members of the Secretariat, only one of the couple members may be eligible for dependent children under subparagraph (a) (i) and (ii) above, then the other may avail itself of the provisions of subparagraph (iii) of subparagraph (a) above if otherwise eligible;
The consideration of this issue has resulted in a discussion of measures to increase transparency in small arms and light weapons.
In view of the importance of partnership in implementing sustainable development programmes, the meeting called for more such initiatives and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II
Annex III
Matters relating to registries under Article 7, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions on the Middle East of the 2000 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons;
Seriously concerned about discrimination against and violations of the rights of the girl child, which often result in fewer girls than boys having access to education, adequate nutrition and physical and mental health care, fewer children than boys having access to the rights, opportunities and benefits of childhood and adolescence, and female genital mutilation as a result of various forms of cultural, social, sexual and cultural exploitation,
Emphasizing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child must constitute the standard in the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, and recognizing the importance of the Optional Protocols to the Convention, which address children in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing, ratifying or acceding to the Optional Protocols to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography,3 and urges them to implement them fully;
Convinced that collective action is yielding better results, it believes that all nations in a position to do so should contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
The management of mine-action data and standards.
I do not intend to prejudge the intentions of the high-level panel of eminent persons on United Nations reform, but, in my view, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is considered in peacekeeping mandates and, where appropriate, included in them.
See generally Best Practices in Poverty Reduction: An Analytical Framework, Else Øyer (ed.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, as soon as possible after the closure of the session of the Commission, chapter II of the report of the Commission containing summaries of the work of the session, chapter III containing the items on which comments of States would be of particular interest to the Commission, and the draft articles adopted by the Commission on first or second reading;
During the founding of the United Nations, the administering Powers committed themselves, under the Charter, to ensuring that the Territories under their administration reached an appropriate level of self-government.
The Chairman: If no other delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee shall hold, in 2003, within existing resources, at least one session for a period of 10 working days prior to the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
One outcome of the meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation policies and legislation.
A. 7), chap. I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now in urgent need of assistance and support from the international community.
Saint Lucia, which is presiding over this Assembly, is setting a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the competent support of your Caribbean Community neighbours.
What will be the result of this on the cruel and emerging industries of poor countries?
It is important that all the nations of the world recognize that what has happened in Iraq — yesterday's atrocities, reconstruction today — is a tragic historic event and that the international community must promote that reconstruction and be with us at this time.
Mr. Hu paid tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that, although China had not signed it, it had not prevented it from interacting and cooperating with the signatories.
Of the 250,000 people who have been killed in war-related circumstances since 1989, at least half of them are civilians.
(f) Facilitate the free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and goods throughout Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In the event of any violation of women's rights in employment, the person concerned has the right to apply to the court in accordance with the Code of Civil Procedure.
There are several non-governmental organizations working on family planning issues in Latvia.
Despite these efforts, the Group has been disabled in its work by a number of factors, including its low staff, the low operating budget and the division of the country, as well as the alignment of many media outlets with the positions of either side and the piecemeal nature of the information infrastructure outside the capital.
Despite this, the Assembly continues to face difficulties in refuting the accusation that it is unable to carry out its Charter mandate.
It is therefore encouraging — given the commitment to complete phase II of the weapons disposal plan by 24 December 2002, as planned — to note that the plan of action for weapons collection was adopted at the Buka meeting on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key to progress in the peace process, in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998 on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 57/291 of 20 December 2002,
In this case, it is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by an international organization, within its competence and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
Naturally, this must be done under the supervision of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): Let me begin by thanking you, Mr. President, for convening this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that we need to act with caution.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal is ready to assist the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, in the best possible way by providing troops and other resources.
The Committee's recommendations complement the actions of intergovernmental bodies and processes, including the high-level summits and conferences that have taken place since the last report was submitted in 2001, such as the World Summit on Sustainable Development held in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development held in Monterrey in March 2002.
Because of their geographical and economic isolation and marginalization, they are often more vulnerable than others to violence, especially domestic violence, and trafficking.
Africa II Division
Fourteen countries received assistance of $4 million or more.
The members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was essential, and that Angola should seek to address specific humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea): Thank you, Mr. President, for convening this meeting.
I believe that, starting at the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly well placed to develop and strengthen the technical capacity of Bougainville within its technical and other competencies.
With the support of the Yugoslav People's Army, the Serb forces took over parts of Western Slavonia and Eastern Slavonia, which eventually brought the territories into one State, the “Republika Srpska Krajina”.
Combating desertification is an important element of sustainable development in addition to being an environmental issue.
This cooperation links individuals and enterprises in developing countries and helps to attract domestic and foreign investment for the strengthening and modernization of productive capacities, thereby increasing the competitiveness of the manufacturing sector in developing countries.
For our part, Jordan rejects all malicious lies and sinister campaigns aimed at denigrating Arabs and Muslims by labelling them as terrorists.
There is, behind the debates that took place before the war and continue to fuel controversies, an acute malaise in the distribution of power on the international scene that emerged after the cold war.
Suicide attacks targeting innocent civilians must end, and the occupation of Arab lands must cease.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly regain its primacy at the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council be more visible and relevant to ordinary people.
Stresses the need to establish a transitional administration in Iraq, under United Nations control and governed by the United Nations, in order to ensure stability and create the conditions necessary for lasting peace and respect for human rights.
As for the follow-up to paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future courses would be attended by more participants was to be commended.
The review process was not aimed at renegotiating the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that policy indicators, both at the national and international levels, were more difficult to define than indicators for concrete results, such as certain types of technical assistance.
In the context of establishing new mechanisms, the issue of stable flows should receive sufficient attention.
Such errors noted in the report, which might appear to be superficial, were in fact serious and fundamental if they were put in a political context.
He warned the representative that, regardless of the historical references he chose to make, he should be careful to compare the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been exterminated, with the current political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and admission of observers 29 - 30 7
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, effective 1 January 2004:
Assistance to developing countries in their multilateral trade negotiations on services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in that area had been recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General hereby transmits to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization in response to Economic and Social Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998 and 53/200 of the General Assembly of 15 December 1998.
The meeting was also attended by several ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of leading industrial associations and non-governmental groups.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions have been made with or by natural or legal persons residing in countries that do not cooperate with the International Financial Action Task Force (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, established the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa in Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and at the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, environmentally sound social and economic policies, people-sensitive democratic institutions, rule of law, anti-corruption measures, gender equality and an investment-friendly environment are the basis for sustainable development and are essential for the provision of adequate housing as a component of the right to life;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is due to the phased drawdown of civilian police personnel from 3,055 in July 2004 to 2,195 in June 2005.
The report concludes that the combination of evaluation based on diverse assessments and a multisectoral approach is fruitful.
Emphasizes that all future and existing peacekeeping missions shall be given equal and non-discriminatory treatment in respect of financial and administrative arrangements;
The officers, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (Oman), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Malevich (Belarus), Vice-Chairperson-cum-Rapporteur.
Insolvency law
I would also like to express our appreciation to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his valuable comments on the contribution of ECOSOC to the peace process.
Model provision 51 was approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations at the nineteenth session of the Programme and Budget Committee, which took place recently, the Director-General assigned to the Director-General of the Programme Development and Technical Cooperation Division the task of further developing evaluation and appropriate performance indicators.
Prior to replicating it in other integrated programmes and adopting this combined approach as UNIDO's standard methodology, the framework of indicators is being piloted in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions for adoption by the Council
Annex II
The Hydril's claim relates to six contracts with INOC for the sale of oilfield items in Iraq.
Although the basis for such comparisons was not ideal, as had already been mentioned, the evidence that UNIDO had a disproportionate responsibility for managing all VIC buildings was sufficiently convincing.
NEPAD promotes the creation of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations was clearly akin to the late formulation of a reservation, and therefore the restrictions adopted in the latter case (Guidelines 2.3.1 to 2.3.3) should be transposed to cases of assessment of the scope of reservations, which reflected current practice, in particular common practice.
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposed a definition of objections taking into account conceptual considerations and the study of practice.
Where landfills are properly sealed, the risk of oil infiltration into the underlying waters is minimal.
Please describe any legislative and/or administrative measures taken to implement this travel ban.
The procedures for the import and export of arms are dealt with in the responses to questions 22 and 23 and any activity other than those provided for in those proceedings is considered to be an offence under the relevant criminal law.
Space:
Table 1 lists space systems for sustainable development.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): For 11 years, the General Assembly of the United Nations has adopted annual resolutions calling on all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and abide by the principles contained in international legal instruments, repealing or invalidating all laws and measures with extraterritorial effects, which affect the sovereignty of other States, the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction.
Castro remains stubbornly opposed to political openness and continues to deny the Cuban people the most basic rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Property Disposal Unit would be expected to evolve with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council
Upon arrival, at 9.10 a.m., the inspectors met with the Director of the warehouses to whom they asked about the activities carried out on these sites, the type of medicines and diagnostic equipment stored, the structure of the company and the names of its main managers, and asked whether vaccines had been imported and distributed and whether changes had occurred in the past four years.
A 24 per cent ceiling and a minimum rate of 0.01 per cent will be used for the preparation of the scale of assessments of States Parties for the budget of the Tribunal (see para.
At the Twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was decided that the Tribunal should continue to proceed in accordance with its current practice with respect to staff assessment, pending the adoption of a decision on the basis of a detailed proposal to be submitted by the Tribunal to the Thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the above-mentioned Act provides for separate protection for persons who organize or participate in a strike, provided that the movement is organized in accordance with the rule of law.
Equal access to public higher education helps motivate high school students who wish to continue their education by encouraging them to achieve good results at the secondary level.
As a result, phenomena such as soil erosion and the extinction of plant and animal species in some quarters (forest, rivers and lakes) could hamper the harmonious development of Montenegro, which, on the other hand, means that the current level of poverty is likely to continue.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 concerning Social Security (Minimum Standards), insured persons who have contributed for less than 20 years are entitled to retire at the age of 65 for men and 60 for women after 15 years of contributions.
See annex, table 18.
The European Union stresses the importance of the rapid deployment of the international stabilization force/internal force.
Have you encountered any problems with the implementation of the names and identification information currently on the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly*
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Non-Applicability of Statutory Limitations to War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity of 26 November 1968 should be able, in this case, to apply without reservation in the same way as those of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have internationally defined safeguards for the protection of children, but they remain unimplemented.
This attitude should be repudiated by the Security Council, because it is cynical, anachronistic and constitutes a violation of the agreed ceasefire and truce.
Concerned by the fate of many Kuwaiti and third-country nationals missing since 2 August 1990,
(We hope that the principle of gender equality will be implemented.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly
The discussion of this topic today is therefore an absolute necessity and is very relevant.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement in explanation of position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear any objection, I shall put the draft resolution to the vote now.
Under agenda item 117 (b):
The Panel also considered several claims for business losses alleged by the claimants as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
b Excludes an amount of USD 2,174,379.83 for business losses suffered by Kuwaiti companies, which will be reviewed by the “E4” Panels in accordance with Governing Council decision 123.
Stresses the need to strive for wider acceptance, operationalization and realization of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to formulate the necessary actions and to establish the measures required for the implementation of the right to development as a fundamental human right;
Human rights developments since the signing of the Peace Agreements
The next Government must therefore urgently build on the success of the police, judges, prosecutors and human rights activists, whose dedication and courage are the basis for reform.
There is still no comprehensive global definition of universal human rights obligations that correspond to the right to education.
The truth about the events of Khodjali
This reference to international organizations has prompted the inclusion in article 2, paragraph 1 (i), of the following definition for the purposes of the Convention:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Introduction)).
In order to address new priorities, it was first necessary to identify outdated activities.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections were held in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly, which established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of 1983, which currently regulates the nation's institutional life.
Decisions concerning the next meeting of the Committee on Budget and Finance, including dates and venue.
Improving and modernizing the conference facilities of the United Nations Office at Nairobi so that it can accommodate major meetings and conferences in an effective manner
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance, for the effective guarantee and observance of human rights, of the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and embodied in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “National research on space debris, the safety of space objects with nuclear power sources and problems relating to their collision with space debris” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on “Perspectives on the use of nuclear power sources in outer space” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.265/Add.1).
Space object function: The satellite is used for commercial and defence telecommunications purposes.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet done so to require financial institutions to implement, as appropriate, comprehensive due diligence and vigilance programmes that can promote transparency and prevent the placement of illicitly acquired funds;
We highly appreciate the initiative of the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global marine assessment mechanism, based on a previous General Assembly resolution, resolution 57/141, and on the Secretary-General's report this year, which is now reflected in draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a transparent and regular inter-agency cooperation and coordination mechanism within the United Nations system to fill the gap left by the abolition of the Subcommittee on Oceans and Coastal Areas.
In ratifying the Convention, we affirmed our belief in the application of the rule of law of the world's oceans.
The results of the project, including the specific recommendations on minimizing the risks to biodiversity from mining to ocean funds, will be transmitted by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the increase in the base/floor salary scale, the Commission noted that the issue of possible adjustments to the staff assessment rates to address imbalances in the Tax Equalization Fund had been discussed with the United Nations Secretariat, which indicated that no immediate changes were required.
On 20 September, it was reported that the arbitrary arrest of members of a humanitarian committee composed of NGOs, labour stations and the Office of the Ombudsman of the Valle del Cauca was carried out in Cali to support the peasants' march of Cauca.
The adoption of Act No. 747 of 2002 makes trafficking in persons a criminal offence.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda*
This support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute in the long term to poverty reduction.
The experience of the United Nations itself shows that, in most cases, the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is shaped and shaped by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of conflict resolution.
In addition, disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes for ex-combatants must be implemented, arms trafficking, especially small arms and light weapons, the return of refugees and internally displaced persons to their countries and the promotion of human rights.
At this stage of our debate, however, I would like to make a few comments, first of all a comment on the time of the Council's work.
It is sufficient to examine some of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from post-conflict to post-conflict situations.
Before addressing the role of the United Nations in post-conflict situations, I would like to make a comment on those conflicts themselves.
We strongly believe that, in order to be credible and effective, the Council must enjoy the full confidence and support of the international community.
He also emphasized that the Charter should be the basis for ensuring the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network has demonstrated how various partners in the international community can work together to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for lead countries of the Youth Employment Network*
Opening of the session
The travaux préparatoires shall indicate, with respect to paragraph 2 (a) of this article, that a State Party may choose to establish procedures that would permit either recognition and enforcement of a foreign freezing or seizure order or to use such a decision to seek a freezing or seizure order from its own authorities.
Governments have used security legislation to justify censorship of certain human rights information and to retaliate against defenders.
Impact estimate: Several Parties provided an estimate of the effects of different transport sector policies (Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Estonia, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and United Kingdom).
Policies and measures with broader objectives than climate change alone: The most commonly reported policies in agriculture fall under this category.
Policies and measures to combat CH4 emissions from enteric breeding of animal origin are focused on reducing the number of livestock warheads by reducing the number of national livestock and increasing the number of cultural practices in France combined with higher yield per head, reducing porkin (Belgium), reducing livestock breeding (Slovakia) and research programmes specifically designed to reduce crop emissions.
The 2003 special session on the budget of the UNICEF Executive Board will be held on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth renewable energy network is expected to be established before the end of 2003.
Such networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
The contemporary language offers terms such as “real time” or “Internet”, as if any delay in the transmission and processing of information removes the reality of the information, or in any case seriously detects it.
All countries that measure certain economic functions share a common emphasis on the fact that the function is within the enterprise or is carried out between several companies.
Many of the measures that have been taken over the past few years would have been impossible without the advances made in concepts and definitions by practitioners in the OECD Working Group on Indicators for the Information Society.
Finally, the Secretariat should indicate the proportion of extrabudgetary funds allocated to each of the sections in the previous four bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi) with the following paragraph:
In Ghana, the HIV/AIDS prevalence rate of 3.4 per cent has not declined over the past two years, although it is lower than that of other countries in the West African region, where rates range from 5 per cent to 11 per cent.
We are now one of the largest donors in East Asia and the Pacific in terms of commitments and expenditures.
In this context, I am pleased to recall the directions that we have set in Tunisia since the change of 7 November 1987, which have identified, among the priorities, the recognition of human rights, in their various dimensions and in their overall conception, including the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The hegemonic ambitions place the small countries of the region under an unviable obligation to pay high military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, Iraqis are beginning to recover with the help of their allies and friends, and they look forward to the assistance of the international community under the auspices of the United Nations.
If the table does not provide a conservativeness factor for a particular source category, a factor should be used for a category with similar characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 to read as follows:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect the human rights of all persons, irrespective of their situation;
Decides to continue its consideration of this question at its sixtieth session under the agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms in any part of the world”.
We also welcome the appointment of Mr. Jacques Klein as Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
From that standpoint, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the level of economic and social development, but also political, that would allow it to consider the problem of final status in the immediate future.
In particular, the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Kosovo Assembly is a good sign.
Such transfer is of crucial importance.
In Kosovo, therefore, much work remains to be done.
The continuation of the Kosovo Protection Corps in this form is likely to destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the post structure of the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the scenario proposed by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by the United Nations under a hire-purchase agreement upon which it would become the owner of the building and the ground on which it would be built;
Decides to consider further the conference and support services to be provided to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003, in the light of the Security Council's review of the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
Businesses are increasingly being urged to report on their potential impact on society and how they manage them.
The text of its statement on the remaining five reports, which are system-wide, will be made available to delegations in due course.
One of the areas of activity that have changed significantly in recent years is the preparation of documents for ships' crews.
Section III of the Penal Code, entitled “Criminal offences against individual liberty”, provides, in article 151, that anyone who deprives others of their liberty by unlawful means shall be liable to a penalty of six months to three years' imprisonment; if the act includes the use of threat, abuse or deception, or if committed in a spirit of vengeance or profit, or if it causes serious harm to health, or health,
Various regulations and laws apply to each of the components of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, to the extent possible, the names of individuals or entities associated with Osama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida not listed, unless disclosure of such information would compromise investigations or enforcement action.
The main strategic engagement of South Africa in the Middle East conflict, as clearly demonstrated by the presidential Peace Seminar in Spier, relates to the strengthening of peace camps in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of South Africa's experience with a wide range of civil society and the Governments of Israel and Palestine; the contribution to the reform process in Palestine and support for international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the military component of MINURCA was completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative staff also had to leave the Mission area on that date, as expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources contacted, approximately 60 per cent of Liberian territory was under rebel control;
(Thousands of United States dollars)
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community committed itself to sharing responsibility for reducing the social and ecological vulnerability of the region (a major challenge); rebuilding and transforming Central America in accordance with the integrated principles of transparency and good governance; consolidating democracy and good governance; strengthening the decentralization process, with the active participation of civil society; and promoting respect for human rights (a continuing goal), with particular attention to gender equality.
During the reporting period, the Council considered many issues of major concern for the maintenance of international peace and security, in Europe and Asia, particularly in the Middle East, Oceania, and in Africa.
In the area of security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that sporadic fighting in the north, in the south-east and to a lesser extent in the west of the country was a threat.
They called for the expansion of the membership of the Security Council so that it can regain legitimacy, be more representative of the state of global geopolitical and better reflect it.
I have the honour to refer to your letter to President Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 concerning the request made by Judge Navanethem Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to extend his mandate to the Tribunal until the so-called “Media case” has been completed, which should not go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention paid to the situation of women and girls and the integration of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of the major conferences, special sessions and summits, as well as in follow-up thereto, and reaffirming its commitment to build on the progress achieved in this regard,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the Chairman of the Commission at its twelfth session would have to come from the Group of Eastern European States and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee recommends against this post for the reasons set out in the general report.
Ms. Acar said that the Committee's concern about raising the age of marriage for family reunification was a necessary consequence of its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether special measures had been taken, such as childcare and separate classes, to encourage immigrant women to attend Danish courses.
Over the past two decades, governance has become a concern for both developed and developing countries, especially as they all face the same types of problems at the beginning of the century, albeit with different backgrounds: corruption, constitutional crisis, economic stagnation, ethnic conflict and increasing crime.
Organization of the work of the session
Requests the administering Power to cooperate in the development of programmes specifically designed to promote the sustainable development of economic activities and enterprises, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
DATED 23 OCTOBER 2003
Stresses the importance of simplification and harmonization of requests for reports from the United Nations system to Member States, and urges relevant United Nations agencies and bodies, in consultation with Member States, to adopt simplified and harmonized methodologies and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and upon request, in the preparation of reports on national data and statistics;
“The Government of India had previously instructed the State of Karnataka to leave the country pending with regard to Father François Marie Godest.
Technology had a role to play in increasing access to information, in particular geographic information systems, which, in the form of databases and software tools, could improve access to information for planning, logistics (e.g., for evacuation routes) and other purposes, understand and predict phenomena and solve problems in geographical space, and facilitate public participation.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now have the pleasure of delivering the words I am convinced that we all want to hear: we have now completed our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
Since December, I have been conducting a number of bilateral, group or open-ended consultations in Geneva and New York.
The view was expressed that liberal policies to deal with the abuse of cannabis were not only a threat to public health, but also a threat to action by developing countries, which were making considerable efforts and resources to try to reduce cannabis cultivation in their territory.
- In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Bureau initiated several public discussions and consultations on legislative reforms relating to the status of women in Guyana.
Since the inception of the system in 1993, 47 girls have benefited from this fund.
The first promotion of 116 teachers is expected to be completed in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector are to increase the life expectancy of all Guyanese people, reduce disparities among social groups, improve access to care and the quality of care, and ensure that health services are provided at affordable cost.
A number of steps have been taken to implement the recommendations on appeals, including a draft law providing for the accountability of lawyers to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary steps to promote and broaden cooperation and coordination between the secretariats of the two organizations in order to enhance their ability to achieve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, participants highlighted in particular the importance of coordination activities in order to avoid duplication of efforts.
The distance learning programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations were working with staff from various ministries and departments concerned with AIDS, and lessons learned were then disseminated at the country level.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that the Group aligned itself with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department suggests that the problem could be solved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 to 57/128 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) Sharing of information between law enforcement agencies in sensitive areas or disputed border areas; joint border control and customs control activities;
This form of integration was emphasized in the commitments made at the Copenhagen Summit and at the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme State Supervisory Authority oversees the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of State funds by central and local government bodies, and the economic activities of legal persons with more than half of the shares or shares of the State (Constitution, arts.
Having also considered the letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council of 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia addressed to the President of the Security Council, annexed thereto,
As necessary, the Office would also monitor operational, financial and personnel issues related to MINUGUA.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Missiles”.
Those who have ordered and perpetrated these crimes must be prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nicanor Duarte Frutos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan reported that it had concluded bilateral extradition treaties with 27 States, including those relating to terrorist acts defined as extra-legal offences, and reported that more than 450 suspected terrorists had been extradited under those treaties.
Such activities are currently being carried out with the Commonwealth Secretariat on the drafting of legislative guides, with the Organization of American States (OAS) to support the work of the Office in Haiti and with OSCE.
Thematic communication campaigns
A senior staff member of the Department visited Brussels in June to review the preliminary arrangements with relevant officials of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Belgium, including the proposed site for the hub.
The meeting provided a useful opportunity to exchange views among staff of the Department of Public Information working at Headquarters and their colleagues in the field, as well as several outside guests, on how to manage the transition from the concept of regionalization to its implementation.
The official position of the United Nations on issues that make the major titles is communicated by the Office of the Spokesman through press briefings, official statements, interviews and briefings.
Anyone who incites livestock grazing or other presumptions, without the permission of its owners, or grasses around forests that supply water villages, even belonging to individuals, is liable to 6 months' imprisonment.
The average vacancy rates for the Professional and higher categories in several budget sections (5, 16, 19 and 22) were higher than the budgeted vacancy rates, including delayed recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, separation and temporary assignments to higher posts (A/58/558, para.
The Penal Code defines “recruitment” as requiring a third person to act, which is not in itself punishable by law.
In Swiss law, there are numerous criminal standards for terrorist acts and their financing (annex 1 to Switzerland's first report of 19 December 2001 contains a list of such offences).
On 1 January 2002, the Act to improve the protection of civil courts in cases of violence and unwanted sexual advances, as well as to facilitate the allocation of marital housing in the event of separation (Gesetz zur Verbeserung des zivilgerichtlichen Schutzes Bei Gewaltttaten und Nachstellungen sowie zur Erleichterunglasser der Überlasslassung (Bhewnungelungs)
This applies only if the person was insured in the Federal Employment Service before receiving maternity benefits or before starting raising children, or in cases where unemployment benefits or unemployment assistance have ceased to be paid.
The balanced participation of women and men in politics has not yet been achieved.
In addition, in the face of the increasing number of divorces, women are no longer entitled to survivors' pension.
Part II contains a description of the measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this area, the Federal Government's plan of action includes a series of measures to improve the situation of data by reorganizing police criminal statistics and conducting a representative survey on violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children, held in December 2001 in Yokohama, it became clear that there was a greater awareness of the problems of sexual exploitation of children and that many measures had been taken.
This decision aims to prevent and combat the production, processing, distribution and possession of pornographic material involving children on the Internet.
- Offenders - differentiate rather than generalization;
6.4 Legal proceedings initiated against Germans who have committed sexual violence abroad
The previous regulations on the right of custody and visitation did not provide a right of custody for unmarried parents.
- Manual for municipal equality activities in Saxe, prepared by the Ministry of State for Equality of Women and Men (Stax);
- Obligations for all Land and Local Authorities, as well as for all other legal persons subject to the supervision of the Free State of Saxis under the law, to work for equal participation of women and men (section 15 of the Saxe on the Advancement of Women (SächsFG) Act of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of the Saxis (SächsGVBI), p. 15).
Social assistance, civil engagement
Gleichberechtigungskonzept “ Konzept für die Förderung der gleichberechtigen Betiligung von Frauen und Männern am Entwicklungsprozess”
The only solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which is becoming increasingly serious, in recent times is the implementation of the Quartet road map, as has been said, in the Quartet's statement at its last meeting in New York.
The issue before us highlights the fragility of the situation and the importance of defining a more comprehensive peace agreement for the entire Middle East region.
Article 8 Exchange of information and documents
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as in the past two years, the debate, instead of focusing on the annual theme, would focus on the High Commissioner's opening statement.
Programme, administrative and financial matters
Since 1997 Member of the International Association of Prosecutors.
These measures should enable the tracing and control of firearms possessors.
Women and girls who are victims of trafficking are subjected to violence and their human rights are severely violated.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibn Chambas Executive Secretary
Moreover, since the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular personnel from the scope of the study, the logic was that officials of international organizations should also be excluded.
Administrative and financial matters 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not falter and that we will have the political will to move forward, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/227, entitled “Further measures for the restructuring and revitalization of the United Nations in the economic, social and related fields”.
We also join previous speakers in thanking the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields” (A/58/359).
The national malaria policy and strategy plan was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to involve local Governments, civil society and the private sector in the development and implementation of road safety policies.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of implementing the Secretary-General's proposals, contained in his report on the Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and of establishing an ad hoc informal working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss measures for peaceful settlement of disputes that may be implemented in the case of conflicts already brought to the attention of the Council or which will be brought to its attention at short notice.
When the Security Council is able to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, in ending wars and promoting peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of regional peace and security, the international community will undoubtedly be able to make greater investments in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
This balance, we must say, places the primary responsibility on the parties themselves, even if they can resort to external intervention to help them settle their disputes.
We must forcefully reaffirm our commitment to the rule of law in relations between States and thus to the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of judicial remedies.
(a) Take measures to protect students from violence, injury or ill-treatment, including sexual violence and intimidation in schools, establish complaint mechanisms that are accessible to children, and undertake thorough investigations into all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly, by 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and resolution 1379 (2001), which would include, inter alia:
In addition, the Council is reviewing the system of division of responsibilities, which has served as a mechanism for inter-agency coordination following the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-Chairman, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global issue closely linked to other global issues at the heart of the Organization's mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, as well as each party to an armed conflict, shall mark and clear, remove or destroy explosive remnants of war in the affected territories under its control.
Welcoming the continuing cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and other organizations active in the field of competition law and policy, and in particular the commitment made at the Fourth WTO Ministerial Conference in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Awais
The deployment of MINUCI is well under way, with a first group of 26 military liaison officers arriving in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new communications strategy is being developed in preparation for the World Summit on the Information Society, to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The involvement of the United Nations system in East Timor has been a particularly interesting and lessons-learned experience to be learned in order to confirm positive results and to avoid future malfunction.
The work began in May 2000 and the document was circulated in the following month of November; the framework was developed and approved by UNTAET.
Albania*, Algeria, Andorra*, Angola*, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh*, Belarus*, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina*, Brazil, Bulgaria*, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus*, Czech Republic*, Denmark*, Ecuador*, Finland*, France, Georgia*, Germany, Greece*, Guatemala, Hungary*, Iceland*, Italy*, Japan, Liechtenstein*, Luxembourg*, Malta*, Mexico, Nicaragua*, New Zealand*, Norway*, Panama*, Philippines*, Poland, Portugal*, Senegal, South Africa, Spain*, Spain*, Sweden, Sudan*, Sweden, Sweden, United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and United Kingdom of Great Britain and United Kingdom of Great Britain and United Kingdom of Great Britain and United Kingdom of Great Britain and United Kingdom of Great Britain and United States of Great Britain and Northern Ireland:
In the preamble to this instrument, States parties state that they “committed themselves to ending the suffering and loss of life caused by anti-personnel mines that kill or maim hundreds of people every week, mostly innocent and defenceless civilians, especially children, obstruct economic development and reconstruction, prevent the repatriation of refugees and internally displaced persons to their territory, and have other serious consequences for years after their establishment”.
Allow me to thank all delegations for encouraging me in my efforts and consultations, and I would also like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and all members of the secretariat for their effective support.
It was in this context that the close links between man-portable air defence systems and small arms were discussed.
We call on the coalition forces to achieve this essential objective and to intensify coordination with the relevant international bodies and institutions in order to enable the country to return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of an international fund for higher education in Iraq to provide immediate and long-term assistance for the rehabilitation of higher education in Iraq.
We have taken note of the Secretary-General's call for a reshaping of our institutions by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this topic will, in fact, depend on the degree of objectivity of our approach and the realism of the proposed measures.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has declined, their role in the national strategies of some countries has not been drastically reduced.
I strongly believe that for all countries in East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and we all believe that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interest of none of the East Asian countries.
Mr. PET ÖCZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that that group supported that idea.
First, the analysis of Security Council resolutions, unilateral declarations by the nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones shows that security assurances are generally qualified by the nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDERS (Netherlands): Mr. President, even though this meeting is the last that you are presiding over, I believe that this is the first time that I have taken the floor since your assumption of this office.
Stresses the importance of developing the human and institutional capacities of indigenous people to find solutions to their own problems;
The Board shall review and approve the financial statements and the audit reports submitted to it by the Committee on Budget and Finance, together with such comments as it deems appropriate.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial arrangements.
It is also important to stress that the current level of aid is insufficient.
In our view, it is important at this stage that national mine-action strategies be put in place to ensure an effective decision-making process on short, medium and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has established the Lebanese National Demining Office and, with the assistance of the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, has established the South Lebanon Mine Action Coordination Centre.
This can be achieved through a protocol annexed to the Convention and taking into account the security interests of countries while helping us to eliminate old mines, which, like new ones, destroy lives and property and hinder efforts to end desertification, achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
As of June 2003, pledges to the Fund amounted to only $4.7 billion, compared to the estimated global expenditures of approximately $10.5 billion per year for effective prevention, treatment, care and support programmes.
Country offices
Credit line — Definition similar to those in the UNDP, UNFPA and UNICEF Financial Regulations
In its consideration of agenda items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of the child), 115 (Elimination of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will include a dialogue between its members and the special rapporteurs and representatives to report on their activities.
The world now has some 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
While conventions on the need to respect human rights were essential instruments, it was also necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Panel adopts this decision and fixed 2 August 1990 as the date of loss for category “C” Palestinian late claims.
Recognizing that domestic violence against women involves human rights,
Owing to their distinct legal structures, the role of the specialized agencies in technical cooperation was not addressed.
This simplicity has a price, namely, some arbitrariness and the grieve of details.
Why are so many agencies engaged in technical cooperation?
The Office has taken the lead in supporting gender coordination.
(b) Its resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992, entitled “An Agenda for Peace: preventive diplomacy and related matters”, its resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1993, entitled “An Agenda for Peace”, in particular section IV entitled “Special economic problems arising from the carrying out of preventive or enforcement measures”, and its resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997, entitled “Supplement to an Agenda for Peace”, in particular annex II, entitled “Question of sanctions imposed by the United Nations”,
The building and development of democracy, as well as the approach taken by the United Nations system on this issue, must take into account the fact that there is no single recipe for achieving democracy.
In that statement, the Secretary-General affirmed the great importance of the culture of peace, and the attention that this universal Organization must devote to it, not just one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the observance of the International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World, 2001-2010, is more than an altruistic aspiration of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the objectives set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the World Food Summit Plan of Action, as well as in the World Food Summit Outcome: five years later, in which the commitment to eradicate hunger is renewed,
Stressing the need for the industrial transformation of commodity production in developing countries, in particular in Africa and the least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and to stabilize and increase their export earnings, thereby promoting their sustainable economic growth and integration into the world economy,
Accordingly, I have appointed Mr. Parker as a permanent judge of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, effective 4 December 2003, for the remainder of Mr. David Hunt's term of office, that is, until 16 November 2005.
This programme of action remains a year-by-year mark on the evolution of the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations wishes to point out that, in the view of the Government of Colombia, operative paragraph 2 of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider identifying principles that could serve as a framework for regional agreements on conventional arms control, could enable the Conference to resume part of its activities and break out of the deadlock that it has been in for three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on Territorial Asylum of the Organization of American States, OAS Convention on Diplomatic Asylum, United Nations Declaration on Territorial Asylum.
Its effects go far beyond borders, and international cooperation is therefore absolutely indispensable.
The Third Committee, which was responsible for the social programme, was responsible for ensuring that the programme was well understood and translated into action.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to enter into commitments for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003 in an amount not exceeding 12 million dollars to be financed from the cumulative balance of the Special Committee for the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission;
The Special Rapporteur intends to submit a final report in 2004 to consider these two issues, so that the first reading can be completed at the same session.
The Equal Opportunities Commission and the Equal Opportunities Fund had been established with the aim of developing cooperation with the private sector on all issues related to women's employment.
The use of these focused summaries would be flexible, voluntary and based on available data.
For its consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note by the Secretariat on information exchange: establishment of an electronic clearing house (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In this context, future workshops could also consider the exchange of small groups of participants from industrialized countries, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
He also referred to the various technical assistance projects supported by the Commission, including INFOCAP, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on country profiles.
Provisional agenda for regular meetings
Quorum in subsidiary bodies of limited membership
The communication may include suggestions on the options that the Party considers most appropriate in this case;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims corrections
Norway calls on all countries to agree on a modus operandi to alleviate and protect victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and to strengthen their national efforts in parallel with international efforts.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that while, in principle, her country shared the view of the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression (A/CONF.189/PC.2/24), the Internet was a unique tool for promoting human rights, it must be recognized that, in practice, the impact of the debate on the Internet did not materialize.
The best way to reach consensus on the guiding principles is to hold consultations with Governments.
Presentations will be made by Mr. Paul Krugman, School of Public and International Affairs, Princeton University; Mr. Jagdish Bhagwati, Professor of Economics and Head of Chaire Arthur Lehman, Columbia University; Mr. Manuel Orozco, Project Director of Central America for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Ouedraogo, League of Consumer Affairs of Burkina Faso.
Information on workshops and training courses on combating crime related to international terrorism
Moreover, it is not clear how the macroeconomic and structural reforms required in the poverty reduction strategy process affect poverty and social conditions.
For this reason, new approaches continue to be explored to rapidly increase international liquidity, where necessary, through various means, including temporary special drawing rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, His Majesty no longer presides over the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, who is rotated every year, is now the Head of Government and, indeed, the Prime Minister.
Government agencies in Bhutan have an obligation to recognize that women constitute a significant part of the population to which they are directed and must therefore design, implement and continue to administer services that are responsive to the specific needs of women and men.
This is mainly due to the development of primary education and the improved retention of students in schools.
Multisectoral task forces have been established to address the growing HIV/AIDS threat at the national level.
Many men welcome the larger number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another restricted study on women's participation in financial decision-making, 27 per cent of the women interviewed stated that they were involved only in decisions on obtaining financial loans, while 14 per cent made joint decisions with their husbands.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has undertaken initiatives to improve the capacity of public sector personnel in a number of countries, providing advice, upon request, on public service reform.
In paragraph 16 of resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established Iraq's liability for losses arising from Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
The Panel finds this rate also applicable to claims for loss of use of funds, which have similar aspects.
See also the Panel's decisions in paragraph 79 of the E2(7) report, paragraph 71 of the E2(11 report), and E2(13, paragraph 89.
E2(3) report, paragraphs 97-99.
Report of the United Kingdom on achieving the goals and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East
Under article 8, paragraph 1, of the Extradition Act, persons who have committed terrorist acts, even if such acts are considered political crimes, may be extradited.
What are our goals?
The Secretary-General's report reminds us that the situation in Iraq is fraught with challenges that are real challenges and that challenge us all here and now the international community.
The establishment of a robust civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like, on behalf of my Government, to reiterate its deep appreciation to the Council mission and to the Council as a whole for its willingness to find answers to complex questions facing our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other United Nations system coordination mechanisms.
- Support for associations and organizations working to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The programme lasts 10 months, including 5 months of academic education in Madrid and 4 and a half months of practical education in organizations of developing countries; an evaluation phase in Madrid is also planned.
These groups are young people aged 16 to 30 years, women employed in professions deemed to be male, over 45 years old, unemployed persons for 6 months or more, and workers who, at the time of the conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same company under an indefinite or fixed-term contract prior to 31 December 2003, including for training contracts.
It is in the 25-29 age group that daily smoking among women is the most important.
This improvement is, however, less marked among women (37.5 per cent of long-term unemployed women) than among men (55.36).
Members of Permanent Missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress achieved through the establishment and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic fact remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, in the most cynical and cruel manner, anywhere in the world.
This meeting is the first open meeting of the Security Council in 2003, a year of challenges that I am confident that the Council will be ready to meet.
We will be committed to all initiatives to ensure compliance with international agreements in this area.
These areas are often areas of lawlessness.
Activities in response to the request
- Over 150,000 houses or apartments (approximately 23,570,000 square kilometres) were looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the United Nations accounts were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The Computer Model for the Analysis and Evaluation of Feasibility Studies (COMFAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programme framework and the strategic directions of the Organization for South-South cooperation, as well as the thematic initiatives of the Organization, including trade facilitation, rural energy for productive purposes and post-crisis industrial rehabilitation and reconstruction,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that the rapidly changing socio-economic conditions, cultural, individual and social factors, as well as the supply of illicit drugs, have aggravated the problem of the use of psychoactive substances at the global level,
In view of the ambiguity in the title of the topic, the Commission decided to continue to take as a working assumption that the topic concerned “activities” and to defer any formal change in title.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the heading “United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace resource requirements (before recosting): $30,500 with resource requirements (before recosting): $364,200
The Committee asked the Government to indicate whether it intended to amend the relevant provisions of the above-mentioned laws to include the principle referred to in the Convention.
These decisions were made in consultation with Iraqi observers, including the weekly meetings on economic issues and senior officials of Iraqi public institutions, and the initial budget proposals were prepared by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are indeed significant benefits for the Iraqi people.
The percentage of Afghan women employed by UNHCR increased from almost zero in early 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme, and 36 per cent of all national protection staff.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers of Defence and Security in September should finalize the formation of the Government of National Reconciliation and thus remove a major obstacle to the peace process.
Nevertheless, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution stipulates that the President of the Republic may delegate some of his powers to members of the Government.
Beyond what divides us, we have a collective responsibility to regain the unity of the international community in the face of these threats.
We have begun consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the current oil-for-food programme, which would ensure the continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicines in Iraq.
The programme of work continues to be studied by my authorities, and we reserve the right to give our views on the programme as soon as it is completed.
If a Party considered that it needed assistance to stop methyl bromide consumption to stabilize the dates, it could remind the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming that it works by consensus,
(i) 680 ODP-tonnes in 2004;
All unloading operations should take place at designated locations only for authorized personnel.
The financial mechanism was established in accordance with Article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to provide Parties operating under paragraph 1 of Article 5 with financial and technical cooperation in order to enable them to comply with the control measures under Articles 2A to 2E and Article 2I or any other regulatory measures under Articles 2F to 2H pursuant to Article 5 bis of the Protocol.
Law enforcement officials had also participated in training programmes abroad.
Some States reported that they had also used telephone, telex and postal services.
(3) The party seeking enforcement of an interim measure of protection shall promptly inform the court of any termination, suspension or modification of the interim measure.
Suggestions to improve the language of the bracketed text were made, including that the court could suspend the enforcement proceedings until the parties had been given the opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties had been given due notice.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be accorded a more visible and important role in support of the management of international affairs and in the implementation of the economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of appropriate information, communication and transport technologies should also be supported through technical cooperation and the investment required to build the capacity of local service providers, or to build such capacity, may require donor support or funding from international financial institutions.
A similar consequence is provided in the United Kingdom, where the consumer is entitled to cancel the contract, unless a court competent to hear disputes relating to the contract in question decides otherwise at the request of the service provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme reached its maximum by the end of 2002.
Procedure
It shows that the calculations were made on the basis of a euro exchange rate of 0.89 to US$ 1.
The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, as appropriate, at future sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward reported on these consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Harvard Law School (Winter 2003) Visiting Professor Robert F. Kennedy, in association with Professor Philip Heyman, a lecture entitled “Bringing Power to Justice”, analysing the different functions of prosecutors in common law and civil law countries and examining the different national and international approaches used to try State actors who have committed violations of the law; also organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption: building the rule of law”.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
1 November 2002
1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as an operating entity of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its Climate Change Centre and the Special Climate Change Fund for the implementation of activities referred to in the framework for meaningful and effective actions to enhance the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention,
Welcoming the initial progress made in the implementation of the framework for meaningful and effective actions to enhance the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, annexed to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial performance, 2002-2003
It also noted with appreciation the financial and other assistance provided to the Programme by the Government of Austria, the authorities of Styria and the city of Graz, Austria, the Physical Geography Department of the University of Stockholm, Metria, the Swedish National Geography Office and the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, it is considered that many of the people infected by the virus do not know.
This project has targeted the AENEK Steering Committee as well as high school and lycels.
Recommends that consideration be given to the holding of a joint informal debate that could enrich the work of each Committee; better use could be made of the debate of the General Assembly in plenary on the items considered by the two Committees;
This important work has been possible thanks, inter alia, to the Committee's skill and perseverance, through its subcommittees and experts.
In the event of the dissolution of the marriage after the consumption of the marriage, the woman shall be entitled, in addition to maintenance during the period of the waiting period, to an allowance not exceeding one year of maintenance, depending on the means of the former husband, which shall be paid to her in monthly instalments from the end of the period of waiting, unless otherwise agreed between the two parties regarding the amount and the manner of payment of the allowance.
The following table shows the evolution of the education budget in the school years 1993/94 to 1997/98:
The crèches are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which carries out regular inspections to ensure that these establishments comply with the regulations.
In this regard, the State of Kuwait wishes to recall that its constitution, in many of its provisions, makes equality one of the pillars of Kuwaiti society, first in the preamble and then in article 7, and then in article 29, which covers various aspects of this principle by linking it to human dignity, rights and duties.
Effective management will also improve recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
World March National Coordinator against Child Labour, 1998
Adviser on the Development of a Course on Social Justice, Department of Demographic Studies, University of Tribhuvan, 1999
Each State Party shall transmit to the Conference of the States Parties, as requested by the Conference of the States Parties, information on its programmes, plans and practices and on its legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
If the status quo denies any prospect, freedom and the development of those who are hungry and who live in despair, the temptation of lawlessness and extremism, as a means of making change, becomes much more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to appoint Ambassador Tzanchev of Bulgaria as President of the Annual Conference of the States Parties to be held in 2003 and the representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland as Vice-Presidents.
Declarations and reservations
Rapporteur: Ishtiaq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and should strengthen universal human rights standards as set out in international human rights instruments and contribute to their protection,
(c) Should a special debate be decided, its theme should be relevant to human rights and should take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
That state of affairs should not be repeated.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and regularly updated compilation of recommendations made over the years by the various thematic mechanisms.
Contribution submitted under both resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They address the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (d) (i), (ii) and (iii) on short, medium and long-term proposals for the elimination of racial discrimination against people of African descent, including proposals for a mechanism to monitor and promote all human rights of people of African descent, taking into account the need to work closely with international agencies and development institutions.
The Haraz centre in Iran was a technology centre for human resources development for land conservation and development on rice crops.
Lastly, she requested the State party to conduct a national health survey and to consider its findings in the next periodic report.
Therefore, the duty to protect it was also the responsibility of the entire world.
- Placement of the two sites by appropriate means (mongs or graves);
Some observers predicted a possible increase in the demand for dollars as the United States now controls Iraqi oil wells.
It was essential to give new directions to Arab economic cooperation by assigning the private sector a growing role in development and economic choices.
The Foundation was able to collect approximately 3.5 million euros from the site.
At present, four resident coordinators are UNICEF staff (one half are women), including one woman in duty.
If these conditions are met, the goals and targets agreed at the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
In addition, the financial implications of the establishment of an additional office in Brussels were not addressed by ITC.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has aligned itself with the gender targets set by the Organization in 1990.
(a) The nine regional offices should be gradually strengthened through the redeployment of technical posts from Headquarters.
At the same time, SCO member States consistently and invariably assume that the fight against terrorism must be based on the norms and principles of international law and cannot be equated with any religion, certain countries or nationalities.
ACTIVITIES OF THE JUNICATION (continued) (IDB.27/19 and Add.1 and 2; IDB.27/CRP.3)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Application of a non-governmental organization in consultative status”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with annex I to General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the proposed themes for the high-level and coordination segments of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit to you the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The Afghan people have rejected the decision to extend their mandate.
The draft resolutions under these agenda items reflect this determination and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) Use, in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee established by resolution 661 (1990), prior to the expiration of the period set out in paragraph 10 below, and taking into account the recommendations of the Office of the Iraq Programme, the funds deposited in the accounts established pursuant to paragraph 8 (a) and (b) of resolution 986 (1995), as appropriate, to meet the agreed requirements for additional shipping costs,
10-11 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
Since the costs of the work of the Working Group were included in the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would not affect it.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the large majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate substantive discussions at the session of the Commission, the secretariat prepared a thematic note entitled “Policy options for enhancing SME competitiveness” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Chairmen of the General and Credentials Committees and the Chairpersons of the committees, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right to vote, provided that they are representatives of participating States;
As a general rule, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees or working groups shall be closed.
The Council expressed its concern at the continued regional factors of instability and requested the Secretary-General to make recommendations to the Council as soon as possible on ways to address these subregional and cross-border problems, with a particular focus on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also deplored the lack of political contacts between the parties and called on them to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government submits all draft laws to the Council for its consideration.
It was to be hoped that he would be able to submit a report on the subject to the Committee at a future session, especially since the document issued in 1991 following the World Summit for Children and the outcome document of the special session of the United Nations General Assembly on children, held in 2002, had specifically referred to the situation of children living under foreign occupation.
In line with Millennium Development Goal 2, the Government introduced free and compulsory basic education for all in 1996. This has significantly improved the school attendance rate.
In order to avoid such incidents, it is imperative for States parties to be present at the time of the meeting.
“The Security Council underlines the readiness of the United Nations to promote political dialogue at its request and to provide resolute support to address the humanitarian and development challenges of border demarcation.
It may acquire or alienate immovable or movable property in accordance with these Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting has three days, from 16 to 18 July 2003, to complete its work.
According to these corroborating reports, the situation in the valley remained calm, without serious incident, throughout the reporting period.
Observations
Quadrennial reports 1997-2000 submitted through the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know which indicators are best suited, which will necessarily have to cover different aspects of the right to health, drawing on ongoing work by WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that prolonged solitary confinement of a detained or imprisoned person may be considered as prohibited by article 7.
Article 10, paragraph 1, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any person deprived of his or her liberty under the laws and authority of the State and who is detained in a prison, a hospital - a psychiatric hospital in particular - a detention camp, a rehabilitation centre or other place.
In that connection, it must determine whether a unilateral statement was a reservation or an interpretative declaration and determine its admissibility and its effects.
Thirty-eighth session (1990)*
(l) To continue their cooperation with the Committee in promoting the effective implementation of the Convention;
(h) Raising public awareness of the importance of programmes of measures to address the situation of victims of descent-based discrimination;
There are traditional and cultural practices in some States that are harmful to the health of women and children.
States parties should also report on measures adopted to ensure prompt access to services related to family planning in particular, and sexual and reproductive health in general.
Thus, for example, the article emphasizes the importance of respect for parents, the need to consider rights in their general ethical, moral, spiritual, cultural or social framework, and the fact that most children's rights, far from being imposed from the outside, are rooted in the values of local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, reviewing recent meetings, activities and outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, adopted by heads of State and Government on the occasion of the Millennium Summit, in which they committed themselves to eradicating extreme poverty and in particular to halve, by 2015, the proportion of the world's people whose income is less than one dollar a day and the proportion of people who suffer from hunger,
In 2001, the Government limited the duration of work permits for foreign workers to six years to ensure that more Bermudians are recruited and trained for the best jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom continued to advocate that legislators adopt European human rights standards, particularly with regard to gender discrimination.
In accordance with paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations to consider all organizational matters prior to the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Council of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without vote, in the deliberations of those bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “Synergies and responses: strategic alliances in crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat computer-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, it invited the Governments of the Latin American and Caribbean countries and other interested Governments to participate in the regional meeting of heads of national drug law enforcement agencies, with a view to establishing the meeting of heads of national drug law enforcement agencies, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and provide financial resources,
(a) Partnerships are voluntary initiatives by Governments and various stakeholders, including major groups and institutions;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other matters.
Introducing the item, the representative of the Secretariat drew attention to the documentation prepared on the item (see annex VII) and indicated possible action that the Committee might take on the matter.
Decides to submit the following to the Conference of the Parties for consideration and possible decision at its first meeting:
An alternate or adviser may act as a representative on the designation of the head of delegation.
Subject to rules 28 to 32 and amendments decided by the Conference of the Parties, these rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The Chairperson or Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may be accorded precedence for the purpose of explaining the conclusions of that subsidiary body.
He indicated that his organization had supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities related to persistent organic pollutant derivatives, including the project on the identification and quantification of dioxin and furan releases in Thailand, the organization of the Expert Group Meeting on Best Available Techniques and Best Environmental Practices and workshops on industry management, which had resulted in the exchange of best practices on the management of organic pollutants by-products, in 2003-2004.
To that end, the Monterrey document repeats the importance of the principle of cooperation on dozens of occasions.
Only a few countries were monitoring the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective border controls, using reliable estimation methods.
The panellist pointed out that comparative studies made the problem more complex.
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org).
A preparatory mission of IAEA and UNMOVIC staff, including the Director General of the IAEA and the Executive Chairman of the Commission, visited Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet with their Iraqi counterparts led by Mr. Amer H. Al-Saadi, Adviser to the Chairman, to further discuss logistical arrangements and relocate the inspectors' office in Baghdad.
The Agenda 21 website for sport and the environment is www.unep/org/cpi/sport_env (all types of sports).
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi show that there are opportunities to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, long-term reconstruction and development.
The Cancún failure resulted from what occurred in Doha, where large trading countries refused to grant promised concessions on development issues.
Switzerland attaches the highest priority to the preservation of humanitarian space in all circumstances and without exception.
“The strict internal and external closures, the increase in curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have led to further deterioration of economic indicators and increased poverty and unemployment among Palestinians.
It is worth recalling here the individual and collective responsibility of the parties to the Convention for compliance in all situations.
(d) With the prior concurrence of the Advisory Committee, such sums as may be necessary to cover the advance payment of insurance premiums if the period of insurance extends beyond the biennium in which the payment is made, on the understanding that the Secretary-General will make provision in the budget estimates for each biennium for that purpose for the duration of the policies, in order to cover the amounts due for the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments were not sufficient to prevent violations, but also needed to take strict measures to address the social and human problems that encouraged them, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement and social inequality among the peoples of developing and advanced countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, to be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Protection Force, the United Nations Confidence Restoration Operation in Croatia, Financing of the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force in Haiti and the United Nations Transitional Administration in Haiti
Obviously, it remains vital that all of us continue to participate in the years to come.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of control is becoming increasingly important at both the regional and international levels, and effective verification is needed to ensure international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpiles of mines within four years.
Our six countries, in addition to having ratified the Treaty, have already expressed individually — and in addition to an opportunity — their opposition to any nuclear weapons.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on the Guiding Principles.
Of this amount of $270,000, $250,000 is provided for the ICAO tender.
Possible modalities for reimbursement
Liaison Officer A and Liaison Officer B
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and Council resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is important if the source of funds is licit or illicit, only the record of collection and its purpose.
The Bradley report indicated that any Council order adopted to meet the needs of any of the options would take at least one year.
ESPAGNOLOGY
“Terrorism — The cause of explosion or fire or any other act that endangers people's lives, violates their health, causes considerable material damage or causes other harmful consequences to society, with the aim of undermining public order, sowing panic among the population or influencing the adoption of decisions by public authorities or international organizations, or threatening to commit such acts”.
Women remain mainly in low-paid and low-level positions.
Draft decision II Suspension of consultative status
We therefore encourage States that have not yet done so to deposit their statements with the Secretary-General in order to achieve the universality of the Court.
Their tireless participation, coupled with their firm commitment and diplomatic skills, is a major reason for the success of the work of the Special Committee.
From now on, as in all treaties, the end of the negotiations marks the real beginning of the commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 94.
Washington, 11 April 1949
The draft resolution, entitled “ Almaty Programme of Action: Addressing the Special Needs of Landlocked Developing Countries within a New Global Framework for Transit Transport Cooperation for Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries”, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I am now pleased to introduce the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
It welcomes the European Union's decision to establish a peace support facility to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the African Union peace initiatives.
The right to know the truth about past events is essential in order to prevent the same violations from occurring.
My Government has committed itself to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be much more representative to reflect demographic and geopolitical realities and gain credibility.
Outreach services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee, 28 April 2003
We have managed to make it clear that success or failure in any area, no matter how important is, does not mean the salut or loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to respond to the questions raised, such as the presentation by all United Nations information centres of an annual plan outlining the activities it plans around a strategically selected message.
In order to plan and make further adjustments without budget overruns, we have had to review some of our priorities and propose to reallocate resources accordingly for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had advantages on some aspects of the negotiations and should contribute to their preparation through its analytical work, consensus building and technical cooperation.
However, these products had little domestic value added content.
Commodity-dependent LDCs faced a particularly difficult challenge, as commodity prices had declined significantly in real terms.
Development assistance strategies had been redefined to support poverty reduction, and many donors included trade and investment-related technical assistance.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and EU acceding countries (Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia, as well as Cyprus, Malta and Turkey), said that coherence was important and, as such, the participation of representatives of other institutions and agencies in Council sessions was positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) assisted the Task Force in building and expanding partnerships.
In order to strengthen its outreach and facilitate contacts with national policymakers, the Special Unit has developed a web-based database, which includes the contact details of policymakers and ICT managers in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the issue of promoting multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to allocate, within existing resources, the necessary financial and administrative resources for the effective functioning of the inter-agency secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to implement its mandate, and requests the Programme to continue:
Documentation
Election of a representative Government to succeed the Afghan Transitional Authority following free and fair elections, in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a guide for Senegalese women was published periodically, which dealt with issues such as civil registration, marriage, food obligation, inheritance, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land and credit, and the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo-Addo.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Considerations relating to the possibility of the United Nations serving as supervisory authority under the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the ECOWAS forces and the French forces, in carrying out their mandate in accordance with resolution 1464 (2003), to continue to work in close consultation with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to report periodically on all aspects of the implementation of their respective mandates;
This letter has been issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/500.
The Lusaka case for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to help Africans build their capacity in peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted late to the conference services, without the explanation required by the General Assembly in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, by which a report was submitted late.
The International Business Companies Act 2000 provides for the elimination of shares payable to the holder and, where such shares have already been issued, their recall and replacement of shares.
These services include the direction or execution of financial services in the Bahamas or from the Bahamas, including online financial services, the registration of directors or directors of international business companies, the provision to international business companies of services of authorized agents and offices, the provision of managerial or managerial services to international business companies, the provision of equity services to international companies, and the provision of partner services to companies that are awarded under the Act.
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements make it possible to register some persons on a national exclusion list.
Their participation in the workshop was beneficial.
For example, the Section provided advice on the rules to be followed in nationally executed projects, drawing on UNDP experience in this area.
In 17 offices, oversight of presences and absences was not performed in the rules.
The feedback also raised awareness among offices of the importance of planning regular project audits.
In this regard, Governments were encouraged to request their implementing agencies to use the same reporting format to simplify and facilitate timely reporting on activities.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
Staffing levels could be further reduced in the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991 from France, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America (S/23306, S/23307, S/23308, S/23309 and S/23317)
Information that organizations should obtain and seek to verify would include: audited accounting results for the preceding five years; past and present judicial difficulties; and identity of other key clients.
Also affirms the strong commitment of the United Nations to treat all bidders in a fair manner, on as wide a geographical basis as possible, in both procurement and outsourcing;
Mr. Negroponte (United States of America): First of all, I thank Assistant Secretary-General Türk for his timely briefing on the status of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Since 1998, Montserrat has been in a “rehabilitation and reconstruction phase” and has been difficult to cope with an increasing emergency while facilitating the development process.
These funds have provided funding for environmental, training and health projects, as well as legal and legislative programmes.
In the case of the currency of payment, money remitters should be informed of the benefits of the official system from other channels in terms of security and speed of transfers.
• Work for the fair and expeditious trial of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of government relations, the Federation had encountered many difficulties due to the lack of clear lines of human rights and people with the knowledge and skills needed to approve projects.
With regard to strengthening the resident coordinator system, increased participation of the United Nations specialized and technical agencies in the functioning of the resident coordinator system is considered a positive step by Member States.
As a result of armed conflicts and civil strife in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania has continued in recent years to be one of the most refugees in Africa.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to make appropriate arrangements for the translation of the present resolution into the Somali language, including an appropriate background explanatory note, and for the wide dissemination of this text in the country, through the Human Rights Officer for Somalia based in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for groups at risk, especially drug abusers, with a view to reducing the risk of transmission of infectious diseases such as human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda for the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting is contained in annex I.
Discussion
The view was expressed that OHCHR should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States continued to receive documents in an appropriate form.
The addition of the phrase “support efforts to promote new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was questioned since the Second Committee had not yet reached consensus on the matter.
Some members suggested that the publication should be sold rather than distributed free of charge.
The Council's consultations with the countries members of the New Partnership and ECA had been welcomed.
A/58/6 (Sect.15)
The investigation of the cause of the damage may also be lengthy, particularly in countries where the maritime security authorities and/or the courts themselves investigate the demurrage and take some time to publish their findings.
As part of the draft amendment to Act No. 1015 entitled Que previene y reprime los actos ilícitos destratados a legiación de dinero o estes (Act on the Prevention and Punishment of Illicit Acts to legitimize capital or assets), it is envisaged to expand the scope of application of the Act, even if article 11 (n) of the current text refers to “any other natural or legal person who is involved in the trade in the trade in the trade in the trade in the trade in the trade in natural or in the possession of assets”.
It was important for the Committee not to disperse its attention.
It must also reaffirm its conviction of the importance of civil society participation as a strategic partner in the work of United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions in which women exercise their professional and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 265 of the Labour Code, mothers raising three or more children under the age of 16, or two children and more for single women, receive one additional day of leave per week, paid according to the average daily wage.
The link between reproductive rights and family law is clear: maternity and paternity are the direct result of citizens' reproductive rights.
The adoption of the new marriage and family codes, and of work, was the most important factor in the improvement of legislation.
UNIDO's investment and technology promotion activities focus on promoting partnerships and organic linkages (such as technology transfer, outsourcing, joint marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign and domestic companies.
In this regard, the clean production programme has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO's energy efficiency services, with a view to training staff at the PNPP and PNPP and for identifying, developing and implementing technical cooperation projects for funding the Kyoto Protocol and GEF.
It is nevertheless prepared to provide the Commission with any additional information it may wish.
Nine members from Western European and other States
It reviews development and organizational results, with particular attention to the linkages between evaluation, learning, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC was considering introducing the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and would soon convene a regional workshop on that issue.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,696,600
Demands that the Liberian parties cease hostilities throughout Liberia and comply with their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the ceasefire agreement, including cooperation in the formation of the Joint Monitoring Commission established by the ceasefire agreement;
Invites donor and recipient countries to consider including in their bilateral training programmes and projects of the armed forces, security forces, prison personnel, police and medical personnel issues relating to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture, while taking into account their gender dimensions;
The Study Group held an initial exchange of views on the basis primarily of the report of the 2002 Study Group (A/57/10, paras. 489-513); and the thematic summary prepared by the Secretariat of the debate held by the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
Major programme resources
• To ensure the overall management of the decision-making processes and activities of the Office of the Prosecutor required under the relevant provisions of the Court's legal infrastructure and the Office of the Prosecutor's Rules
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit highly skilled people so as to have a diversified and versatile staff through career development and training opportunities, effective management of their entitlements and rights, and a system to ensure that all staff members are physically, psychologically and emotionally able to perform their tasks.
• All special equipment and articles are received and inspected prior to their admission to the Court
• Development of new modules for the Intranet
Substantive organization in The Hague and in the field
Three interpreters per language for French, English, Russian and Spanish and four for Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider adopting appropriate legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of this Convention and in accordance with fundamental principles of its domestic law, in order to increase transparency in the financing of candidates for elective public office and, where appropriate, the financing of political parties.
(a) The public dissemination of information on procurement proceedings and procurement, including information on tenders and relevant information on the award of procurement contracts, with sufficient time for potential bidders to prepare and submit tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the absence of dual criminality to refuse to provide assistance pursuant to this article.
(c) Meeting the special needs of Africa: consolidation of democracy, sustainable peace, poverty eradication and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, a very poor developing country, more than others in the same category, is presented in the box below. It shows how the country works with the assistance of the United Nations system to engage in various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “Everything but Arms”, the Group of 77 looked forward to exploring with its development partners how to encourage such policies to contribute directly to the improvement of living conditions in African countries, to which the international community should provide full support if it was to achieve the Millennium Declaration target of halving poverty.
Three key aspects of the ICT strategy:
For the time being, we must take the necessary measures to prevent the situation from worsening further and to ensure that our President is not harmed.
(e) Maintaining and strengthening cooperation and political and operational support to the Tribunal from external partners such as Governments and non-State entities;
In addition, the time required for the closing arguments (e.g. the duration usually takes two to five days, depending on the number of accused).
The practice of trials at the same time is to try two cases for consecutive periods, for example, as follows: trial A five weeks, trial B five weeks, trial A five weeks, etc. Defence counsel in trial A leaves Arusha while trial B takes place.
The members of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) welcomed the study as a well-documented and useful framework for revising, reassessing or adjusting existing policies on support costs for extrabudgetary activities of the United Nations system organizations.
In accordance with that resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur has submitted 10 main reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 progress reports to the General Assembly, plus 18 addenda to the Commission or the Assembly.
It would also like to draw the attention of the Egyptian authorities to the need to combat any advocacy of religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and should therefore be prohibited by law.
In accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, OHCHR organized an expert seminar to examine the interdependence between democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group B
At the same time, over the past 10 years, European institutions, initiatives and legislation have increased towards inclusion, considering that the protection of minority rights is an integral part of any democratic development.
As Guyana looks to this collective system for peace and security, it wants to ensure that the new Council emerging from the reform can reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is of the utmost importance.
We must therefore build global institutions and build effective partnerships within the framework of fair and open trade, and support for the development of the least developed countries must be strengthened.
A regional strategy has also been developed to facilitate HIV/AIDS interventions.
Mr. Pavanjeet Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where appropriate, the adoption of a cross-border perspective for the sustainable development of mountain ranges and the exchange of information thereon;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration, with a view to more effective implementation of chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) To monitor closely the operation of the global project to support the preparation of national communications, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and to continue to ensure that the implementation of this project is consistent with the guidance of the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications as part of the programme of work was reviewed.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As requested by the Statistical Commission at its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) Coordination of the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of its records;
Thirdly, the activities of the Department of Public Information should be intensified.
By increasing the volume of Russian-language information on the United Nations web site, the number of Russian-language visitors has increased.
At the 4th meeting, the President also invited the representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, having considered a proposal by the President, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, relating to sub-items 10 (a), (b) and (c), for adoption by the COP at its eighth session.
Notes
Sulphur and gem are among the most important chemical elements, and metal deposits (copper, zinc and lead) are very abundant.
From 1990 to 2002, Poland reformed its public service.
(h) Cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen cannot lose his citizenship unless he renounces it.
According to article 41, paragraph 1, deprivation of liberty or restriction of liberty is permissible only in accordance with the principles and procedures established by law.
The question of the Uazzani and Hasbani rivers continues to be a source of tension and possible escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Although the posts in question are frozen, they will remain on the approved staffing table (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities requiring additional funds is contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments were due to changes in the exchange rate between the United States dollar, in which the United Nations accounts are recorded, and the euro, the host country currency.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget as presented in table xx below;
Takes note of the Peace Fund: the peaceful settlement of territorial disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as the main mechanism, given its wider regional scope, for the prevention and settlement of territorial and land and maritime disputes, also takes note of the Caribbean Technical Trust Fund established by the Conference on the Delimitation of Maritime Frontiers in the Caribbean, held in Mexico City from 6 to 8 May 2002, which is aimed at facilitating the voluntary participation in negotiations,
Also takes note of the Pacific Islands regional ocean policy endorsed at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest the increase in financial resources from bilateral donors, and noted the initiative of United Nations agencies to improve the coherence of their technical cooperation activities.
Some children and Government troops, as well as rebels, have abducted or persuaded to join their ranks have been killed on the front lines.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Mindful of the responsibility of the international community to promote human rights and ensure respect for international law,
Mr. Pecsteen de Buytswerve therefore supported the proposal to defer consideration of the item for two years, on the understanding that voting on the motion did not imply a position in favour or against the two draft resolutions; it was simply to recognize the need to base the convention on consensus.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Public awareness of the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to help boost economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property referred to in note 11 to the financial statements was the property of the organization as at 31 December 2002 without any charge.
In a memorandum dated 5 February 2003, OIOS found that the “special clause” remained invalid, insofar as it was included in the contract at the time of recruitment, without prior employment by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide the special rapporteurs and the joint mission with all necessary assistance to enable them to discharge their mandates fully;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in political discourse since the 1980s, indigenous peoples have criticized the Bank for a lack of commitment to the implementation and respect of these policies, which are often interpreted as a “pull”.
CFATF Secretariat 35-37 Sackville St.
Almost all countries have a chemicals sector, but almost 80 per cent of global production is carried out by 16 countries, the vast majority of which are members of OECD.
Resolution
In this regard, it was reported that the Security Council, in its resolution 1373 (2001), made it clear that claims of political motivation should not be considered as grounds for refusing requests for the extradition of alleged terrorists.
The documents of the technical meetings and seminars held at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) Comment on the future direction and programme of the Partnership for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to forward the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the Conference of the Parties for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of the post;
The increase in non-post resources of SwF 8,100,800 or 5.6 per cent relates mainly to the increase in grants and contributions ($840,900) to cover the cost of services rendered to ITC by the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Central Support Services of the United Nations Office at Geneva (UNOG), which is offset by the reduction in the number of posts in paragraph 9 above;
These services are “multiple uses” for which definition and acceptance considerations are as important as most environmental goods.
By design, they are intended to serve a specific purpose and are intended for environmental purposes: for example, a recycling station remains a recycling station even if the technologies it uses are profoundly modified.
For intellectual property rights, article 66 (2) and article 67 of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPs), developed WTO members providing incentives for technology transfer could be applied.
Several recommendations presented at the meeting related to possible actions at the national level:
The additional requirements under this heading are attributable to the revision of the approved post adjustment rates effective 1 November 2002, the new salary scales for staff in the Professional and higher categories and for staff in the Field Service category (two categories whose status is governed by the 100 and 300 series of the Staff Rules) effective 1 January 2003, and the approval of a reduction in the number of staff in the number of posts at the above grade levels.
(a) A new subparagraph was added after the fifth preambular paragraph:
Description of methods used to identify key sources of Reference to tables of the main source of the CRF Information on the level of detail in Tables 7.A1 to 7.A3 of the IPCC good practice guidance1
Annex I Parties should complete all cells for emissions or removals estimates, activity data and emission factors.
Italy is one of the countries most severely affected by population ageing.
Thus, the topic concerned primary obligations of the State and implied recognition of “legitimate interests and multiple factors”.
It also has the merit of not obstructing judicial action on other grounds.
Another common law cause is the public mandate rule, which finds greater application in the United States.
Introduction
We fully support the efforts to rationalize the work of the General Assembly and are prepared to assist other delegations, as well as our willingness to shoulder the seemingly constant burden of meetings.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the early 1990s, which contain important measures to revitalize the General Assembly and are inspired by the draft resolution we have just adopted.
The procedures differ because the needs are different everywhere.
These warnings were accompanied by pressure to force us to accept amendments or amendments that would limit or impair the rights of indigenous peoples under international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, requesting membership in the World Trade Organization, bearing in mind paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/182 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who have served for a period of nine years, the amount of the annual pension shall be:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims identified as potentially overlapping with four “E4” claims allege new or larger losses in relation to the “E4” claim.
UNSEQ number: E-2449
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several government representatives stated that in order to attract direct investment, these institutions need to increase their support for the development of the necessary infrastructure, particularly in the ICT sector.
Globalization of development also requires the elimination of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and resource growth, as well as increased participation of developing countries in international decision-making.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary border crossing point was opened between Restelica in Kosovo and Strezimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia only for local residents.
The free movement of minorities was also hampered by the decision of the authorities of the Government of Serbia not to sign an agreement on the use of Kosovo licence plates in Serbia and their calls to deter Kosovo Serbs from passing through UNMIK for the registration of their vehicle.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their strong support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, which we believe is an important first step towards the establishment of a legal norm in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to connect to global sites and to ECLAC regional follow-up to United Nations conferences and summits, which will be launched at the fourth United Nations Regional Inter-Agency Technical Coordination Meeting in June 2003.
Oil prices already had a “war bonus” of about $5 per barrel in the last months of 2002 and exceeded $31 per barrel in January 2003.
First, they will have to make an initial structural adjustment by joining UEM in order to move closer to the defined reference levels for budget deficits; therefore, given their initial position, they are likely to apply excessive fiscal rigour in this period, which would clearly have negative consequences for economic growth.
Aearn et al., op.
Under article 5 of the Law on Internal Self-Government, the power to conduct foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Government of Denmark and no part of this prerogative may be transferred to the Faroe Islands autonomous administration.
For example, substantial financial support is provided for the operating costs of ethnic minority associations, intercultural activities and information materials, as well as for different types of local integration projects.
The 1989 Community Social Charter provides for the right to collective action in case of conflict of interest, in particular the right to strike, subject to the obligation to respect national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work for at least 20 days in each quarter.
The high proportion of smokers in the population is primarily responsible for the relatively high mortality rate and has a negative impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played an important advocacy role and facilitated campaigns that have resulted in new instruments and standards for the protection of children, as described below:
These organizations have played a leading role in the development and implementation of the programme.
• ACP-EU cooperation: the ACP-EU Partnership Agreement signed in Cotonou, Benin, in 2000, took into account various elements proposed by the Special Representative at the ACP-EU Joint Assembly in March 1999.
The presence of the United Nations, anywhere in the world, has always been regarded as a symbol and a guarantee of universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, attracted a wide range of audiences, including non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136-141, 144 to 146, 148 and 150
It also continued its efforts to raise awareness of women's rights in all its activities and of the human rights mechanisms it supported, including through the adoption of a gender mainstreaming strategy in 2002.
Previously, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established commissions or fact-finding teams.
Recommendations on travel grants
In accordance with the arrangements for consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, as endorsed by the Council in its resolution 1996/31, organizations in consultative status are required to submit a report every four years on their activities, including their support for the work of the United Nations.
In line with the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions contained in its report (see A/C.5/57/SR.20), UNFIP undertook a series of activities in 2002 as part of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects aimed at rationalizing, targeting and enhancing the effectiveness of its activities.
Focal points on women's issues had been appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Affairs was strengthening their capacity to implement the National Gender Policy.
Recalling its resolution 57/134 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs were a characteristic of the services economy, and often even large firms from developing countries were in fact small enterprises worldwide.
In the area of statistics, data collection should be encouraged, as well as work on an assessment of the social and developmental impact of services liberalization.
Assistance was all the more important since African countries were continuing parallel negotiations with the European Union to conclude economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of the technical authentication work carried out to date
In order to counter the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary and appropriate steps to strengthen legislation and institutional capacity in this area.
Cases by country
Exemptions
The Australian citizenship certificate is not an identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to work actively towards the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular on a common formula that could be included in an international legally binding instrument;
The provisions of operative paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate to (a) subprogramme 3, Progressive development and codification of international law, of programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) section 8, Legal affairs, and section 2, General Assembly affairs and conference services, of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
The session was attended by representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Question 7.
The attempt to distinguish between the two types of cloning was merely an attempt to conceal the fact that a human life was being created to destroy it in order to produce embryonic stem cells or conduct other experiments.
There is a debate, and it seems that differences of views will persist, no opinion should be imposed on all others.
The development of transport infrastructure and information and communication technology, including the removal of “missing links”, would improve transit transport and allow landlocked countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. De Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month for presenting the Council's annual report covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Update of the United Nations System-wide Action Plan on Drug Abuse Control (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its grave concern at the plight of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent displacement and to provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, recalls in this regard the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement, and urges the international community, led by relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national projects and programmes aimed at alleviating the plight of internally displaced persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must bring benefits to all.
Most recently, in February 2003, two primary seismic monitoring stations in Lac-du-Bonnet (PS08) and Sherville (PS10) were officially registered by the Provisional Technical Secretariat; the construction of a radionuclide monitoring station (RN16) in Yellowknife was completed in March 2003.
He also welcomed the establishment of a general checkpoint and the transparency that had characterized recent senior appointments.
Also at the 61st meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally proposed an amendment to the draft resolution under which operative paragraph 6 (g) would read as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of increasing globalization, government actions may often have repercussions (positive and negative) on the right to food of the people of another country (e.g. in the context of trade in agricultural products).
Article 507 provides that members of the groups referred to in article 499, who cooperate with the judicial authorities in identifying criminals or updating their criminal intentions, shall be granted forgiveness.
In the longer term, a flexible and effective legal framework for security rights could be a useful tool for accelerating economic growth.
Special Committee decision of 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We particularly welcome your efforts to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of those Territories, the majority of which are in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I invite you to consider the Committee as a friend, willing to work with you and for you, for the realization of the rights that are unquestionable.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first Country Cooperation Framework approved by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, facilitate the development of a national integrated development plan, which will establish procedures for the establishment of national development priorities over a decade, with a focus on health, population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
Within this Ministry, a Secretariat of State has been responsible for the advancement of women and the participation of women in development, reflecting the Government's commitment to pay specific attention to women's issues: in the Congo all the Secretariats of State participate in meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia expressed its appreciation to the Quadrilatéral group and other countries for initiatives in favour of LDCs in the area of market access, which it felt had to create a competitive advantage and encourage investment in programme areas.
Nevertheless, it was expected that the Organization would close the year on a positive cash balance (currently estimated at $44 million) under the regular budget — a result that would be favourable if it were to meet the projected level.
Bigamy
Law and order
We have provided food, tents, blankets, medicines and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, particularly flooding, also contribute to habitat damage and resource depletion in the East Asian subregion.
As part of their day-to-day activities, women are the main protectors of forest species, and they therefore depend on future forest productivity.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation among developing countries, should not be neglected.
The Government of Slovenia has established an interdepartmental working group to implement restrictive measures and to monitor activities related to counter-terrorism.
By the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on Children and Armed Conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- The financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otititi (Uganda) said that her delegation had been inadvertently included among the sponsors because of a technical error.
(b) A certified copy of the memorandum and association articles of the company;
Subject to other priorities and available resources, the Government of the Bahamas intends to advance this process over the next few months.
Fifty-eighth session
The view was expressed that the basic criterion for striking a balance between the interests of buyers and secured creditors was the notion of “ordinary course of business”.
The Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget will have before it an in-depth study on a technical cooperation programme each year.
The problem of cotton was crucial, and the difficulties faced by African producers should be considered both morally and economically.
The Programme of Action on HIV/AIDS, launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to stem the spread of HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia, aims to achieve the goals of the Declaration of Commitment through comprehensive national action supported by the technical, financial and tactical support of UNAIDS and through collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that parents, who are in the best position to do so, have the primary responsibility to guide children, raise them in a healthy environment, instil in them the meaning of duty, integrity, responsibility, civic responsibility, compassion and service towards others, in order to contribute to strengthening families, communities and nations around the world;
Most of the Muslim countries in the Middle East, in the Indian subcontinent, in South-East Asia and in some parts of Africa.
27 October 2003, Baghdad
However, in cases where the sanctions imposed remain in force for a long period of time, as in the case of the Al-Qaida/Taliban sanctions regime, universal reporting rules alone cannot be as effective.
The Government of East Timor is currently reviewing projects aimed at truly improving East Timor's police capacity in both areas, in addition to its capacity to address civil strife.
In addition, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police to deal with the threats of criminal and armed groups in the countryside and the region of the tactical coordination line.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to indicate whether they wished to take part in the work of the new team and to make available to the Office for Outer Space Affairs the contact details of the focal point for that purpose.
The Gambian law has to some extent criminalized the conduct referred to in this article, but the penalties must be radically revised.
Indeed, in both urban and rural areas, female illiteracy is combined with poverty and ingrained work, with dependency and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of African partners have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to African countries.
The Group currently has seven persons.
The members of the Committee discussed the issue at length without reaching agreement on the causes of the problem or on ways to address it.
They supported United States military activities in their territory, as they did not forget their own history; they had experienced what was meant by vulnerability and appreciated the security and protection offered by the United States.
18 Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Commerce of Guam, October-December 2001, www.admin.gov.gu/commerce.
Application of International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative Chairman Arab Group
In terms of funding, improved income and expenditure situation in 2002-2003 and the implementation of the revised recovery policy also provide good prospects for the UNICEF financial plan and budget.
General
Summary table IV shows the proposed changes to the number of support budget posts for each of the main components of each appropriation line.
Summary table V compares the total number of posts in each organizational unit for the current and future bienniums.
Table 7
It summarizes the progress made by the Central American countries towards peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since my last report (A/57/387 and Add.1) was issued in September 2002.
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit in Cuzco, Peru, and the 19 members of the Group adopted the Cuzco Consensus, a strategic programme of action aimed at overcoming poverty and social exclusion and addressing the themes of democratic governance, cultural identity and external relations, as well as the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The enormous reconstruction efforts in the region continue with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and their reports
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 17 to 19, 24, 25 and 27 September; 3, 11, 14, 15, 23 to 25 and 28 October; 6, 7, 13, 19, 22 and 25 November; 3, 4, 6, 9, 16 to 20 and 30 December 2002; 6, 9, 10, 15, 16, 23, 27, 29 and 31 January; 12 and 24 to 27 February; 4 to 7, 12 to 14, 18, 20, 21, 25 and 26 March; 2, 3, 7, 8, 10, 14, 16, 22 and 24 April; 8, 9, 10, 9, 10, 9, 10, 9, 10, 9, 10, 9, 14, 19, 20 and 11 and 21 and 21 and 21 and 21 and 21 and 21 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 26 March; and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 26 March; and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 24; and 26 and 24; and 24; and 24; and 26 March; and 26 March; and 21 and 21 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23 and 23
UNMOVIC has also had contacts with a number of Governments in the area of export control, particularly with regard to finding practical solutions to such issues as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for an appropriate balance between non-proliferation objectives and legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, this information is based on the recent update of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on budgeting in the United Nations system.
Of the 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are fully or primarily dedicated to renewable energy.
Nuclear non-proliferation and peaceful uses of the atom can go hand in hand, provided there is transparency and mutual confidence.
In this sense, the experience of developed democracies is very valuable.
I would like to take this opportunity to convey to me the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the most sincere condolences of the Bulgarian people to their families.
We will be able to speak of victory when these attacks will no longer take place, because they will defeat the entire nation.
The Government has identified some 30,000 persons affiliated with organizations considered to be terrorists because of the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the designation of the operational entities that have been accredited and provisionally designated by the Council.
It was only through their determination and dedication that it was possible, with the assistance of the secretariat, to carry out the heavy and difficult tasks assigned to them.
PREVENTION PROCEDURES TO PREPARED IN THE PREVUILITIES, IN ACCORDANCE WITH PARAGRAPH 41 OF
Statistical Survey, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and April/May 2003, respectively, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
I would now like to repeat the names of the two countries among the Asian States that wish to propose a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Achievements in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was in the interest of both developed and developing countries to establish a sound and equitable multilateral trading system.
International agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to regulate, particularly in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy were of the utmost importance to the economies of the member countries of the Group.
FDI could play a fundamental role in the economic growth and development of host countries.
States
In essence, his delegation supported all the suggestions made by the Special Rapporteur, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted that this sector, which is outside the control of the State and any tax system, has a significant place in the economies of many developing countries in all regions.
Commission on Investment, Technology and
This joint programme would provide member States with a more comprehensive understanding of the opportunities and risks of a global society and would be used to implement the Secretary-General's basic proposals on science and technology at the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the Group of 8 of July 2000 and the Dubai Declaration of the Group of 77 for the Promotion of Science and Technology in the South (October 2002).
Detailed information should be provided on how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international cooperation for development would focus on implementing the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the chains, the presenters used this guide and, although the other stations did not follow their example, a normalization of the pronunciation remains possible.
They took note of the convening of the Fourth Meeting of States Parties to the Convention from 16 to 20 September 2002 in Geneva.
They strongly supported the unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures adopted by some Governments to reduce their military expenditures, thereby contributing to strengthening regional and international peace and security.
Vocational training and job creation must enable cities to develop the potential of young people.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
2-3 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an introductory statement.
Although the Middle East region is a particularly sensitive area in the light of the various problems that remain current and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that it is important that the international community give priority attention to achieving this objective within the framework of the United Nations, in order to take a decisive step towards achieving peace in that region.
It should also be noted that there is a growing understanding that the solution of the question of the composition of the Bureau will facilitate the strengthening of the agreement on the interpretation of the rules governing the composition of the Bureau of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new programme of technical cooperation on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.30 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
Under the sanctions regime (paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraphs 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002)), Member States are required to freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources of the individuals or entities that have been engaged, including funds derived from assets owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by them, their agents or their agents, and to ensure that their funds and other persons who are in the territories directly or indirectly controlled by them are not directly or indirectly, directly or entities.
Almost all federal law enforcement agencies have contributed to this effort by providing elementary and advanced training courses in all areas of financial crime.
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network - FinCEN
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is empowered, pursuant to section 7 of the Companies Act, to exercise control over the objectives, sources of funding and expenses of non-profit organizations.
The mission stressed that they had not come to mediate, or to intervene in the peace talks in Liberia, but indicated to all parties what they considered essential: full respect for the ceasefire; a comprehensive political settlement for the appointment of a transitional Government that would hold free and fair elections; and respect for international humanitarian law, including immediate and unrestricted access to humanitarian organizations.
(d) Report of the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not generally applied and the provisions of the various conventions on liability and relations between them were difficult to understand.
The Advisory Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following issues at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission on the transfer of marine technology; (2) possible establishment of an IOC internal procedure for the effective implementation of article 247 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea on marine scientific and research projects carried out by or under the auspices of international organizations; and
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
As a result of the conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special development needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the centre of the international development agenda.
He hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States would follow the same pattern of review, and that the General Assembly would request the Secretary-General to submit an annual progress report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
After a civil war that had devastated the national economy, Burundi could not carry out the programme of internal and external dislocation aimed at combating poverty without the support of the international community.
This has a negative impact on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to transmit to the Secretary-General, in time for deliberation by the General Assembly at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways to strengthen and broaden participation in the standardized reporting system, including changes to its content and structure;
The difficulty of deciding at the outset whether the debtor should be subject to liquidation rather than reorganization proceedings led some jurisdictions to review their insolvency law and to replace separate proceedings with “one-party” proceedings.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, to school in view of potentially dangerous situations.
We attach high priority to working with our partners in WHO and others to encourage breastfeeding as the best way to protect children's health.
At its thirty-sixth session, in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532) and the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and its continued efforts to conclude bilateral agreements with member States pursuant to article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 statements to the authorities of Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Ecuador, Equatorial Guinea, Guatemala, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria (3), Pakistan, Peru, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Tunisia (2), Turkey and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge shall inform his or her personal and fiduciary financial interests and make every reasonable effort to be informed of the financial interests of his or her family members.
Member States reported some difficulties encountered in the implementation of the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthening technological support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms; building human capacity; identifying new technologies and applications; and encouraging international collaboration in support of research in areas left behind;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile, as well as by the observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of IFCS (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In his opening statement, Mr. Kim Hak-Su welcomed the first substantive step of the process that would culminate in the holding of a final international conference on chemicals management in 2006.
Response measures
I would like to say that working with you in the Council at the United Nations has been an enriching experience for me.
We particularly appreciate the determination and conviction with which you are defending your country's positions under extremely difficult circumstances.
economic, social and cultural rights
Activities undertaken
A technical cooperation project for the Maputo Trade Point (Mozambique) is under way and is expected to be completed by the end of 2003.
DMFAS is self-financing by making debt service procedures more efficient and identifying inconsistencies in creditor agency claims.
It is a smaller country with a smaller population, but 2.2 million of the 3.3 million people are at risk of starvation.
I still do not understand why it is so difficult to accept this state of affairs.
Article 2.8 The Secretary-General may submit additional proposals for the programme budget whenever appropriate.
Article 4.5: A Peacekeeping Reserve Fund shall be established as a cash-flow mechanism to enable the Organization to intervene rapidly during the start-up phase of new peacekeeping operations or to expand existing ones, and to finance unforeseen and extraordinary peacekeeping-related costs.
These agreements provide, inter alia, for services to be provided by the Organization against full reimbursement of related costs.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Considers that it is preferable in the interest of the Organization to give or dispose of property at a nominal price to another intergovernmental organization, government, government or other non-profit organization.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after full investigation, authorize the writing off of losses of cash, goods and other assets, provided that the Secretary-General shall submit to the Board of Auditors, together with the accounts, a statement of all such amounts written off.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally amended?
Abstaining:
The nature of confidence-building measures, which must therefore be defined and agreed upon on the basis of volunteering, cannot be imposed at the rate deemed appropriate by States taking part in the process.
Otherwise, developing countries will be further marginalized.
In Kisangani, she met with the families of the victims of the killings in May 2002 and the victims of sexual violations; she also visited the prison and the cachots.
The cost of constructing prefabricated offices is estimated at $985,671.
The special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of working groups of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as the chairpersons of human rights treaty bodies, are concerned that the fight against terrorism is used as a pretext to threaten human rights defenders and to target vulnerable groups by diverting them from their origin and socio-economic status, particularly in the case of migrants.
Why is this?
My fifth proposal is of a general nature: to act on the source of these two scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting settlement of these conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and transitional Governments of those States be held accountable and that justice be enforced.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which invites regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and the States of the region in the full implementation of the arms embargo, a fundamental component of the Somali national reconciliation process.
Indeed, the League of Arab States has played the role that it is expected to play in addressing the deteriorating political and security situation in the region, whether in Palestine, Iraq or regional security.
It has also sought to ensure that inspectors, when returning to Iraq, can work and move freely — an effort recognized in Security Council resolution 1441 (2002).
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Encourages the organizations of the United Nations system to mainstream a gender perspective into all their policies and programmes, including in a coherent follow-up to United Nations conferences, in accordance with agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective, adopted by the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 1997, and welcomes the decision of the Economic and Social Council to devote, at its substantive session of 2004, an evaluation of the two themes to the Council's policy review;
It is true that many of the countries covered by the HIPC Initiative do not adequately implement IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
The main advice that Mr. Duque could give to the Committee was not to allow that issue to take a political turn.
Strengthening United Nations action in the field of human rights through the promotion of international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that through increased efforts and implementation, a reasonable compromise can be reached on the issue of Security Council reform in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reaffirm once again that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea has fully complied with its obligations in accordance with the provisions of the 1994 Agreement between the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and the United States, pending its withdrawal from the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopted the concluding observations on Sri Lanka's fourth periodic report.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections may be submitted within seven days of the receipt of the record or of the closure of the session, whichever is later.
Welcoming the reorganization of the bureaux of the Committee and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation looked forward to working with them on issues such as space education and natural disaster mitigation.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of annual meetings with the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of the Office of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit on Sustainable Development to achieve more effective and coherent implementation of the three objectives of the Convention and to achieve by 2010 a significant reduction in the current rate of loss of biological diversity, which will require action at all levels, including the implementation of national biodiversity strategies and action plans and the allocation of new and additional financial and technical resources to developing countries,
This budget should be adjusted to take into account the burdens and resources resulting from the unification of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In operative paragraph 4, the two instances in which the word “staff” was replaced by the word “Professional” and the phrase “encourages the Secretary-General to intensify his efforts” was replaced by the phrase “Encourages the Secretary-General and the executive heads of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned at the remaining challenges,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination, as contained in chapter III, section C.4, of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of Central Asian countries on trafficking in small arms and light weapons, at which a discussion was held on the ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General submitted in accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999 and the reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It is important that the Congress reverse its initial refusal to support national reparations and ensure the funding and institutional stability of payments through the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed simply because they were Serb and to send to all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must go and that there is no prospect of reconciliation or of reaching the multi-ethnic society provided for in Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and that we all wish.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps (KPC), an organization dealing with civil emergencies.
For this reason, it is the responsibility of Israel to put an end to these violations of Lebanese airspace and to prevent them from escalating tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as set out below.
In this august Organization, there is and will always be zero tolerance for those who advocate intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence.”
The Committee agreed that the two Secretariats should continue to collaborate.
At its resumed 2001 session, the Committee had before it special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint filed by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that his only concern was to ensure that non-governmental organizations did not abuse their status with the Council by carrying out their activities in a manner that jeopardized the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (from 25th to 50th) were held.
However, the linkages between the areas, the balances to be sought, the sequence to be followed, the costs and benefits as they were perceived were extremely complex issues.
Angola had hosted the seventh African Oil and Gas Trade and Finance Conference in May 2003.
If the answer is “Yes”, please describe the measures that have been taken.
People whose DNA is analysed also have the right to know who collects such information, for what purposes, where it is stored and who can access it.
The criteria for issuing the European Patent Convention are: (i) novelty; (ii) inventive activity; (iii) industrial application.
2 and 17 (b) of the European Agreement on Road Markings of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Performers and Performers, Producers of Phonograms and Broadcasting Organizations of 26 October 1961.
(h) Obtain approval of the implementation plan;
For example, the rural male population increased in the North-East and South-West regions (from 49.8 per cent to 50.0 per cent and from 49.1 per cent to 49.3 per cent respectively), while the rural male population decreased in the following regions: Bucharest (from 49.8 per cent to 49.4 per cent), the South (from 49.4 per cent to 49.2 per cent), the North-West (from 49.7 per cent to 49.5 per cent) and the Centre (from 50.1 per cent).
Women and men also have equal rights with regard to the citizenship of their children.
The different methods of family planning were not well known before 1989 and couples were most often using natural methods and condoms.
This reassessment of the amount of the allowance takes into account the increase in the price of school supplies, food, clothing and other strictly necessary items for children, and is aimed at preventing school dropouts, a phenomenon that has increased in recent years owing to the decrease in the financial resources of families with children.
The lack of development activities in the most volatile areas of the country has not been without consequences.
More than 40 countries benefited from the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) Common Services pilot programme, with donor grants to support or improve common services for 24 country teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions, in particular the Bretton Woods institutions, focus on both the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and poverty reduction strategy papers.
A representative may not, in raising a point of order, speak on the substance of the matter under discussion.
(e) Recall that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation designated the Commission as the focal point for the discussion on partnerships for sustainable development, and reaffirm that partnerships as voluntary initiatives by stakeholders contribute to the implementation of intergovernmental commitments under Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
INTERNATIONAL TREATIES
We look forward to your consideration of our proposal.
Thus, the proposal to impose an immediate moratorium on the commercial activities of the extractive industries in Liberia is based on past experiences and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
In their view, model 3, to the extent that it departed less than the other two of the current system, would lend itself to experimental use by several organizations.
Conditions of service of the Professional and higher categories
As a result, the level of the mobility and hardship allowance would remain unchanged.
(e) Study on grade equivalencies between the United Nations civil service and the United States federal civil service.
The Panel then noted that each of the borrowings was under way prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and assessment of progress towards sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights emphasized the importance of improving the response of the international community to violence by strengthening prevention efforts at the national level and through international cooperation.
While nearly 50 business leaders were present at the official launch of the Global Compact by the end of 2003, the Global Compact became a highly developed international network of over 1,000 companies worldwide, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by reporting institutions are reported to them.
• debit form (D) and credit facility (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines has created a climate of close consultation and cooperation among Governments, international organizations and like-minded NGOs.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11
The working group recognizes the importance of the summary that will accompany the report.
Following these deliberations, the members of the Committee, on the basis of the provisions relating to the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on its fortieth sessionb (1997), endorsed by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, reached the following agreement, which will serve as the basis for the election of the officers of the Committee at the opening of its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue among States, indigenous peoples and other actors on the concept of indigenous peoples in the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III
Indigenous Peoples' Association
Most Governments are aware of the increasing threat posed by the continued illicit manufacture of, trafficking in and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and give high priority to measures to mitigate that threat.
Those successes required long-term investments in economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations discussed law enforcement issues with the Special Committee.
Statement submitted by the Congregation of Our Lady of the Charity of the Good Shepherd, a non-governmental organization in special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 provides updated information on the financial position of UNTAES and the Civilian Police Support Group as at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lauro Baja, Jr.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Booby-Traps and Other Devices as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II as amended on 3 May 1996) annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they be defined to facilitate monitoring and evaluation of results and that efforts be made to establish timetables for the achievement of outputs.
The Advisory Committee is not convinced, however, of the need to establish three additional posts to provide military expertise on an ongoing basis.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continue cooperation with grass-roots indigenous organizations, recognize their marginalization and strengthen their capacity to address issues of interest to them at the national and international levels;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1356 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo would not apply to protective clothing, including flak jackets and military helmets, temporarily exported to Somalia, for their personal use exclusively by United Nations personnel, representatives of the media, humanitarian personnel, development assistance personnel and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the Research Centre on Islamic History, Art and Culture of Istanbul to preserve the cultural heritage and Islamic identity of Muslim communities in non-OIC Member States.
It addressed the impact of the information society on economic and socio-cultural development, and urged industrial States to develop a work programme to enable developing States to benefit from communication technologies to bridge the digital divide and decided to participate actively in the World Summit on the Information Society and coordinate their positions.
Condemns any form of repression against refugees, including armed attacks on refugee camps, and the pressure on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, aimed in particular at strengthening Islamic solidarity among Member States and strengthening their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and in all vital sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to achieve consensus on its programme of work, including the establishment of subsidiary negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, the prevention of the arms race in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and effective international measures to protect non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls for the Conference on Disarmament to commence substantive work on the prevention of the arms race in outer space as soon as possible.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons
Resolution No. 7/30-E on the external debt of African Member States and other OIC Member States
Thanks the IDB for convening a workshop on “Private Sector Investment and the Role of the IDB in Member States” in Istanbul from 14 to 16 September 2002 in collaboration with relevant OIC institutions, and also thanks the Republic of Turkey for hosting the workshop.
Notes with appreciation the draft resolutions contained in the report of the ninth meeting of the private sector.
Further calls upon Member States with technical facilities for the conservation and restoration of manuscripts to award scholarships to the staff of the Institute with a view to enhancing their expertise in this field.
Recalling further United Nations resolution 49/60 on the Declaration of Principles against International Terrorism;
With regard to the whole region of West Africa, which I hope will receive sustained attention from the Council and other agencies of the United Nations system following our mission and report, the subregional problems are enormous and we have listed them in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the work of the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be decisive in order to avoid a possible conflict if appropriate action is not taken.
These negotiations may present a number of disadvantages, as they require highly skilled and experienced staff and increase the risk of abusive or corrupt practices.
In the accompanying letter, UNCITRAL requested “comments on specific provisions to facilitate the preparation of an analytical commentary to be submitted to the Commission”.
It was therefore necessary to combine economic and political efforts and implement all relevant United Nations resolutions calling for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from all occupied territories and proclaiming the right of the Palestinian people to a politically independent and economically viable State.
Following the adoption of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003), the Minister of Finance of Jordan, in its note No. 12/3/16/298 of 3 April 2003, provided the customs authorities with the names of individuals and entities on the Consolidated List and requested them to prohibit the customs clearance of goods imported or exported by such persons or entities and to confiscate them if they are in the territory, and to provide the Customs Service with all relevant information.
Invites States to review and reform, as appropriate, legislation and practices so as to raise the minimum age for marriage to 18 years, with or without parental consent, for both girls and boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to transmit to the Special Rapporteur all data collected from all relevant sources of information, including a compilation of studies and publications on the impact of terrorism and the impact of counter-terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends the following draft resolution for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session:
Furthermore, the Committee has no objection to the fact that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the Emergency Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 are supplemented by an amount not exceeding $200,000 (see A/58/214, para.
Each subsystem is adapted to the ICT environment and the processes of the organization concerned.
Participants and beneficiaries will be the first to see an improvement in their services.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important instrument of social change, as it enables everyone to acquire new values and change their relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights enshrines the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and proclaims that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, that everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in the Declaration, without distinction of any kind, and that the individual has duties to the community in which only the free and full development of his or her personality is possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to assert that local staff must meet their national service obligations and several Eritreans working for UNMEE have been arrested.
The Committee will encourage those providing assistance to focus, through expanded capacity-building programmes, on counter-terrorism capacity; to give more priority to training and to ensure that programmes are implemented in a timely and results-based manner.
12.44 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Division on Investment, Enterprise Development and Technology.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they amounted to $21,478,915, including advances made by several Member States on their contributions for the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or place where their lives are in danger and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers from leaving a country where their lives are in danger;
There is an increasing trend towards giving priority to peace to the detriment of justice, which can be understood in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises in a peace process, but which in fact results in undermining the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear no objection, I shall take it that the Assembly adopts this suggestion.
The General Assembly must elect 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded this stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
It regretted, however, that there were still countries that had not adopted it in some areas where ballistic missile proliferation remained an urgent problem.
In view of the proposed establishment of new reception centres for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration and the increase in the workload of the Section, a net increase of 38 posts is proposed.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, his delegation favoured a broad scope of application.
As in previous instalments, the Panel has reviewed the claims in part two of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after evaluating the evidence and other evidence, balancing the interests of the claimants who had been forced to flee a war zone with those of Iraq, which is liable only for direct losses resulting from Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Nevertheless, in order to address this problem, our State looks forward to future assistance from the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The Palestinian Authority's media, educational institutions and religious and political figures inculcate hatred, glorify and offer moral support, both human and divisive, to massacres.
If we are on schedule, everyone will have the opportunity to address the Council.
Let Israel put an end to the occupation of our territory, which it stop sending settlers, and which it is violating our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess progress on the clean development mechanism and take appropriate action, as appropriate, recommends that the Conference of the Parties consider incorporating the preamble and paragraph below in its decision on the guidelines to the Executive Board.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections were suspended, but the State dictatorial in Pinochet attempted to improve the delivery of local services, resulting in a number of reforms, including revenue-sharing.
In accordance with Sub-Commission resolution 2002/21, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had identified indigenous peoples and globalization as the main themes of its work in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004: “Relationships on Indigenous Issues”; in 2005: “Protection of Indigenous Traditional Knowledge at the National and International Level”; and in 2006: “Indigenous children and youth”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting a grant should be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and the continuous development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
General Assembly resolution 57/65 on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason for which it was not mentioned in the programme document was mentioned.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2 To procure/produce a document related to an act of terrorism, deliberately neglecting the existence of this link (10 years' imprisonment)
In real terms, expenditure for children increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having examined the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to New Caledonia,
Therefore, there is no need to speak of exception when it comes to the right of peoples to fight by arms for self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): The participation of civil society, in general, and NGOs, in particular, is legally prescribed by the Convention process.
d Pledges made at the sessions of the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities held in November 2000 for the year 2001 and November 2002 for the year 2003.
As at 16 January 2003, only $551,548 was available for the twenty-second session of the Board (see table 1 above).
(d) If the purpose of the proceeding is to terminate or terminate the employment of an employee and if, in the opinion of the Head of State, the head of Government or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the employer State, such action may interfere with the security interests of the State;
The session will be held at the Fiera Milano Congress Centre, Milan.
Whether this process is properly recognized and designated (transition society or knowledge society) or not, any development, any regulation that enhances knowledge systems, releases human potential, enhances its value and promotes social, economic and political life, bringing society closer to this new phase of development.
Mary Ann informed me of her intention to leave UNHCR for personal and professional reasons, and I granted her request, without regret.
The Committee suggests the inclusion of all age groups in the Friends of the Chair indicator.
Stressing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts made in this regard by the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work of the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Allocation of non-permanent seats in the regions
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete the subparagraph.
The representative of any regional agreement or agency should state in writing to the President of the Security Council that he wishes to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also examine how better guidance could be provided for the implementation of such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee requests the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies adopted by the Committee to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of legislative provisions on equality between men and women, including in the field of women's representation at different levels of government and the civil service.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety and security of all personnel under the auspices of the United Nations participating in the Force;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (General Assembly resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 53/242)1
Fundamental economic laws were under consideration, including investment and corporate registration laws and a draft bankruptcy law.
It is encouraging to note that there have been no events in the recent period in late 2002 and early this year.
The fourth salient point is that the Government of East Timor has managed to generate $44.1 million of revenues, of which $26.7 million was for revenues from the East Timor Sea in the current year, demonstrating the growing capacity of the State to mobilize its own resources.
The carrier should not deal with the liability of the performing carrier.
Additional statements and contributions relating to the preparation of the draft instrument
(d) Encourage, in general, activities to strengthen the independence of the judiciary and the bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and is increasing over the years.
One of them was reportedly executed before the university's main entrance, apparently with the aim of creating a climate of terror after a demonstration organized shortly by students.
The international community should address this growing trend towards excessive force use;
We would also like to reiterate that, with regard to the controversy over the issue of laster XV and the charcoal, which were unilaterally destroyed by Iraq, Iraq made concrete proposals during the recent technical discussions with Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February, with the aim of resolving the issues considered by the former Special Commission as vague or outstanding.
Efforts have been made in the past in the form of texts proposed in the hope of bringing us out of this political impasse.
We intend to increase the number of customs and procurement experts for monitoring imports into Iraq.
Let us build on peace, because we will be able to achieve it if we sincerely seek to achieve it, with unwavering political will and determination.
I wish once again to express France's confidence and full support for their mission.
However, Spain is aware that peace and security are guaranteed by the compliance and implementation of Security Council resolutions and that there will be a time when, owing to the lack of a change in political attitude, the Council will be obliged to assume its responsibilities in the name of international peace and security.
From this point of view, the efforts of the international community and the Security Council with regard to the Baghdad regime remain the main factor in ensuring Iraq's cooperation with the inspectors, and this is also the main condition for finding a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) Be consistent with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
Financial securities entities;
As we have indicated, Egypt has signed or ratified all conventions with the exception of the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which reflects its positive attitude towards the fight against terrorism.
Moreover, as it is impossible to build confidence in the day to come, we must remain patient to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7 Number of letters relating to entitlements
Senior Legal Officer
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia were still attracting a large number of audiences, and a third would soon be open to Adigrat.
In some cases, for example in the water sector, the number of transnational corporations capable of operating worldwide is very limited.
As part of these principles, the Croatian Government has embarked on a range of social and economic reforms aimed at promoting employment growth and social welfare, such as the effective implementation of its National Strategy for Poverty Eradication and Combating Social Exclusion and the creation of social partnerships that will give priority to human resources and guarantee education and science a central role in the pursuit of social progress.
The 218th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be held on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism has been installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly Hall to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 2003)1
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 2003)1
In order for persons with disabilities to fully enjoy their rights, the international community should support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account historical, cultural and development differences among countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be based on all international norms and standards on disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also those derived from resolutions of United Nations bodies and agencies.
The African Union affirmed that African peoples should strive to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of affirmative action for persons with disabilities.
In order for the secretariat divisions to have sufficient resources, the 13 per cent charge against project budgets for administrative costs should be allocated to the division responsible for the implementation of the project.
Disagreements in the provision of medicines, disposable materials and spare parts for equipment — especially for emergency services, therapy and surgical units and other services for adults and children — have made the conditions under which medical personnel provide care extremely difficult.
Does this policy have meaning?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/11 in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and in accordance with the provisions of its Constitution relating to respect for international law.
[Original: English] [17 June 2003]
There has been slow progress in employment and unemployment has remained at a reasonably low level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[Original: English/Spanish] [21 May 2003]
Limited access to energy sources and high fuel costs and resulting shortages have had a serious impact on urban transport, increasing production costs and undermining the effective delivery of social and urban activities.
Introduction
Verify who is the applicant for transfers with a bank account and wishes to transfer a sum greater than US$ 10,000 or its equivalent to another currency.
Article 35, paragraph 1, of the Rules states:
For example, it could, as proposed by the Secretary-General, establish a multi-stakeholder panel on debt restructuring mechanisms whose discussions and conclusions could be brought to the attention of intergovernmental decision-making bodies.
