It is therefore a matter of concern that legislation aimed at combating terrorism gives law enforcement agencies and intelligence services the exceptional powers of supervision and investigation without reference to justice.
Ms. Borzi Cornacchia (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur considered her future programme of work and whether she planned to include missions.
First, there is a need to increase the Government's representativity, particularly in the security institutions, and to intensify efforts towards national unity and reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including warlords and the Taliban — benefit from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend that is contrary to the most fundamental principles of international humanitarian law, and raises critical issues that are urgently needed.
The Committee requests the State party to disseminate its concluding observations widely at all levels of society, including among State officials and members of the judiciary, and to inform the Committee in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement those observations.
Should additional funds be made available for programmes in Africa, the resources provided for the region in the programme budget would increase, as suggested by the high scenario.
Adoption of the report on credentials
6 See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, under the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, one P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the Web Section to strengthen the language capacity of the website.
Organizational structure
A new gender analysis guide will emerge in 2003.
Data statistics (see responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) seem to show that the impact has been to reduce women's access to unemployment benefits.
To this end, special attention should be given to the special needs of the least developed countries, since their participation in global trade remains marginal and, to date, none of them has become a member of the World Trade Organization.
Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq affects our Governments.
For us, as in Iraq, there is a priority commitment.
In this regard, my country believes that the draft resolution is an effective means of strengthening the pressure on Iraq to comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
This is an attempt to stifle things.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, acting on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Developments and transfer of technology” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The proposed legislative reforms, inter alia, require technical assistance, including the acquisition of equipment necessary for strengthening security at ports of entry and training of staff, particularly in the detection of fraudulent travel documents.
Noting the efforts made by the Governments of some Territories to meet the most demanding financial supervision standards,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
In considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/114, which contains the guiding principles regarding the implementation by the Sub-Commission of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other relevant decisions and practices.
The evaluation of the level of education of girls in the Horn of Africa and Eastern Africa has been instrumental in identifying the causes of the problem, already detected elsewhere: the extent of domestic chores and the financial sacrifice of girls' education to the family are the main social factors preventing them from receiving equal education with boys; and this should be added to the lack of textbooks.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly is beginning at the time when we respond to the Secretary-General's call for reflection on the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, there is still a number of actions to be taken to ensure that future generations feel positive.
During this period of economic difficulties, the Government has devoted over $5 million last year to services designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
Opinion No.
The original judgement was rendered in favour of the applicants, but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently reversed the judgement.
The Government asserts that these persons were arrested for conspiracy with enemy forces to overthrow the legal Government.
Mr. Yawowi Agboyibo, a lawyer, former parliamentarian, Chairman of the Committee of Action for Renewal (CAR), a political party was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to a term of six months and imprisoned in the Lomé civil prison, despite his appeal.
The Working Group, having rendered this opinion, requests the Government to take the necessary measures to remedy the situation, in accordance with the standards and principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The first is to respond to the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves by identifying appropriate options and appropriate deadlines for completing their respective decolonization processes.
The resolution of this outstanding issue will only serve to build confidence.
These historic initiatives help to better identify the needs and aspirations of peoples under colonial domination by giving them the necessary visibility in a highly competitive globalized economy.
Only the United Nations has a legitimate mandate under its Charter and has the legal and political authority and international legitimacy to meet the greatest challenges to international peace and security.
Therefore, the United Nations must not only continue its tasks in Iraq but also extend them and provide stronger support to the Iraqi people.
UNAIDS is currently funding a post of HIV/AIDS Adviser at the headquarters of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to coordinate the overall strategy and initiatives to facilitate work in missions.
In accordance with article 5, paragraph 3, of its substantive statutes, the organization, on the proposal of its General Coordinator and in prior consultation with the Executive Council, had de facto exclusion of Mrs. Bonavita, regardless of her status in the organization, for having violated the rules of procedure of the Council, disrupted the work of the Commission on Human Rights and had failed to respect the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement, under article 3, exercises its activities through the following bodies:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the Law on the National Human Rights Commission of Mongolia.
While, in the view of some members of the Working Group, that provision should not necessarily be included in insolvency law and could be left to common law, it was observed that it was closely linked to recommendation 70 and should, for reasons of clarity and legal security, be included in insolvency law.
After discussion, the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation was supported.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.1).
Nicaragua is also a party to many international anti-corruption treaties, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes of Money Laundering Related to the Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Related Crimes, and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of providing a United Nations system with a senior school was a feeling that it had become necessary to improve the coherence and effectiveness of the international civil service.
(c) Whether or not it is desirable, taking into account the nature of the activity, to grant exclusive rights to subcontractors;
In either case, the market leader's position cannot be considered automatically acquired.
However, the United Nations business portfolio includes high-value-added products that are low in the world.
Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/Financial Rules/Rev.2/Amend.2), 12 February 1980.
In 2002, the executive board reviewed the structure and composition of the secretariat, which had appeared to be insufficient.
In addition to the Group's documentation of its session, the three documents may not be ready for the session, but they may be consulted on the UNCTAD website, such as all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessions 45 20
The three options are not mutually exclusive.
However, when they are present, the Republic of Haiti is stunning to act.
This system has proven its effectiveness in its most visible part, namely the electronic presentation of evidence in the so-called court.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also called into question the principle of non-referral to the Rome Statute as to which organ — of the Court or of the Council — had the power to deal primarily with individual criminal cases involving officials or personnel present or past from a State not party to the Rome Statute with regard to acts or omissions made during a United Nations operation.
It is also the reasoning followed by the Secretary-General before the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
The International Criminal Court, of which 90 States are to date parties, has become a reality, taking into account the election of its 18 judges and of its Prosecutor this year and the very appointment of its Registrar.
Although the Eldoret Declaration has been signed by all factions participating in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, the majority of these factions have continued to combat and import or receive weapons.
The first recipient of the weapons and ammunition identified by the Government of Ethiopia was Ali Mahdi.
According to British Customs officials in Nairobi and London, heroin is being smuggled into Somalia by South Asian ships to Africa and West.
Singapore
The political turmoil that had characterized its first year of power had completely devastated the country in terms of equipment.
The legislation in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and put in place an effective system of protection so that United Nations and associated personnel can perform their missions in safety.
Although it had begun its work for less than two years previously, it had already achieved tangible results.
Fish friends consider fisheries subsidies to be harmful to the environment and to the depletion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
In particular, it served as a framework for the development of common language for United Nations personnel on the prevention of armed conflict through interaction and exchange of experience.
The consulting actuary was also responsible for providing alternative funding for after-service health insurance liabilities.
All contracts for past management services between UNDP and various donors have been implemented by the Office of Project Services (UNOPS).
Table 7
Table 8 summarizes the accounts of the reserve for field offices and accommodation.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of the 16 charged for the culture of marijuana were women.
The church is probably the most influential institution in Samoa's society.
In practice, the police have placed the condition that a female police officer is present when a victim of violence in sexual homes or abuse is concerned.
The Overseas Financial Centre is headed by a Legal Officer and its staff includes another Legal Officer.
Adolescent pregnancy continues to be a special feature in rural areas, and there are usually concerted efforts to marry the girl as soon as possible to fear that the situation continues, which would result in the punishment of the family, usually of the girl.
Non-governmental Organization
Every effort must be made to revive this process without delay, while preserving the established norm 30 years ago and still topical against biological weapons.
This legislation is of great importance to Armenia, as it creates an adequate legislative basis for further strengthening the country's export control system, one of the key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance are a particularly important challenge for our time and an imperative in building a world that ensures the development of nations in universal harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation extended by Belgrade to the Mission to join in the search for a solution to practical issues related to the opening of two new border crossing points at the border of Serbia and Montenegro and Macedonia.
Accordingly, the United Kingdom fully supports the “standards before status” policy.
I join the members of the Council in thanking Mr. Annabi for his briefing and for the information he provided.
India would provide, if necessary, further details of its observations and would also participate in the discussions aimed at resolving the problems raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 269th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) as Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla (Cuba) and Mr. Ravan A. G. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) as Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta) as Rapporteur.
These included the continuing upgrading of the technical components of the system to ensure its continued presence on the Internet, including through the UNISPAL “Question of Palestine” interface on the United Nations reception page under the heading “Peace and security”, and the expansion of its collection by adding both new and old documents.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
Before giving them the floor, I would like to make some introductory remarks at the time of Japan's presidency of the Conference.
The Committee for Development Policy expected to review the issue at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General would consider this issue in a report to be submitted shortly to the General Assembly.
Ms. Gabr would like to know more about France's vision for the future with regard to special measures.
It covers the period since the first report of ISAF III, and also presents the final assessment of ISAF III prior to the commanding of ISAF IV.
Comment.
(iii) The decision taken by the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not subject to review.
(6) The idea that the unilateral act in principle emanates from one State seems, prima facie, to be a matter of course.
Mr. Raytchev (Bulgaria): Like previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the United States and British delegations for their comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
Therefore, combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought through sustainable development policies is a major challenge at the global level.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to define.
The programme has so far focused on authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 It is expected that the objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the services of the Secretariat at the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support to the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and cooperate fully in the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive drug control strategy based on close cooperation between interested parties and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between the Guatemalan authorities and the Mexican authorities were defined in the Mexican Border Security Plan.
The countries of that region were studying all the implications of such a creation.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), noting that Armenia had implemented all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, asked what was the Council's main requirement for the immediate and unconditional withdrawal of the Armenian armed forces of occupation of the territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I urged the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and unrestricted implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the United Nations Information and Communication Technologies Task Force, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The determined commitment of the autonomous authorities of Kosovo is crucial to breaking the power of this crime and it is through concrete results that we consider their ability to perform the functions that have been transferred to them.
If the situation is moving towards a return to peace, UNRWA will face the demands of the transition from conflict to recovery and development phase, and will launch a special appeal similar to that made by UNRWA for its Peace Implementation Programme following the signing of the Oslo Accords.
(ii) A decrease of $300,000 in requirements for maintenance of premises owing to the non-recording of the budgeted amount for 2002-2003;
1.79 Alier the health policy and service standards for host authorities in order to maximize the use of resources and avoid duplication of efforts and conflicts of priority.
Prevention and control of diseases
1.141 The increase in the utilization rate of computers and office automation.
Table 15 Operational and technical services: resource requirements by category of expenditure
Improvement of the status of women in rural areas
- Retain the word “technical” after the word “support” and insert the word “and” after the word “technical”, to read “technical and effective”.
(d) To ensure that the various institutional actors duly take into account the values of public service, in particular with regard to honesty, efficient management of resources, transparent decisions, evaluation, accountability and the commitment to provide services to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed by paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002);
An initiative for indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
Let us have gone wrong, and we are now trying to bring Côte d'Ivoire to work and to resume our activities, as in the past, in cooperation with all neighbouring countries of the subregion.
This would result in the creation of accountability that could greatly improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The exporting Authority is invited, prior to the validation of a certificate, to require the exporter to submit a declaration that diamonds exported are not diamonds of conflict.
Other progress mentioned is:
(c) To examine the extent to which the recommendation of the United Nations Board of Auditors that the Registrar should work to reduce costs by appointing resident counsel at the close of the seat of the Tribunal may be followed, in view of the international character of the Tribunal, and make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the problem of the late submission of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the weapons collection programme had fallen short of delays and the process of destruction of arms.
It was also said that the distinction between contractual and real aspects was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the decision taken by the Committee at its first session, a pre-sessional working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the views of the child
(f) To devote more resources, both financial and human, to specialized education, including vocational training and assistance to families of children with disabilities;
(a) Develop a set of measures to update the implementation of the provisions of the Convention on children and parents (including initiatives to reach people who are illiterate or have not benefited from formal education), civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including ala'biyya;
(d) The continuing difficulties in raising parents' awareness of their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective mechanisms for the periodic review of the treatment provided to children and other circumstances relating to their placement.
It was therefore to know what approach was being taken to strengthen and improve the elements of the enjoyment of human rights and its control relating to persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia addressed to the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, a letter denouncing the decision as “illegal, unjust and irresponsible”, and rejecting the demarcation process.
Changes in the rates of GAZ to EFETER OF THE RIODE 1990-2000
Figure 10.
The reform of the United Nations as such should not be our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics prepared by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344) that the technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the most commonly requested form of assistance.
I hope that you will now approve the updated aide-mémoire as a tool to reflect the evolving protection priorities and that it will be useful for the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the protection needs and rights of civilians are reflected in the relevant resolutions and mandates of the Security Council.
In this regard, I would like to cite Mexico's very important resolution 1502 (2003) and adopted by the Council during the Syrian presidency of the Council in August on the protection of United Nations, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict zones.
Civilian populations should not be taken hostage by warring factions trying to deprive them of humanitarian assistance.
The Board's recommendations are verified by the Fund's secretariat with respect to their conformity with the relevant United Nations rules and subsequently submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken at the fourth session of the World Trade Organization Ministerial Conference on the review, through the Council of Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, of the relationship between the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Stressing the importance of effective action by the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission on issues of impunity and accountability and the promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council has repeatedly stressed the importance it attaches to the successful conduct of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Giraldo (Colombia), Mr. Vassilakis (Greece), Mr. Gopinathan (India), Mr. Zarif (Islamic Republic of Iran), Mr. Haraguchi (Japan), Mr. Kazykhanov (Kazakhstan), Mr. McIvor (New Zealand), Mr. Kolby (Norway), Mr. Manalo), Mr. Manalo), Mr.
At the outset, I would like to highlight three points concerning the drug situation in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for its generous and continuing role in leading the fight against drugs.
States cannot act in isolation against this problem.
(d) Effective systems of risk management and internal control; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to expedite extradition proceedings and to simplify evidentiary requirements relating to offences covered by this article.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, where they are located or where the other persons concerned are located;
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that this article is not intended to require the prosecution of minor offences.
The requested State Party should consider renouncing its final judgement in cases where this judgement cannot be obtained as a result of the fact that the offender cannot be prosecuted for death, escape or absence or other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit had adopted a policy developed with the assistance of the Office of Programme Financing, which was related to the systematic review of country office control mechanisms for fund-raising, management of other resources contributions and reporting to donors on the use of funds.
Each Centre organizes three to five training courses each year, in collaboration with national authorities, various United Nations agencies and programmes (including UN-Habitat, UNDP, UNEP, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank Institute and the Global Compact Office), international associations of elected representatives (such as the Inter-Parliamentary Union, the World Association of Cities and Local Authorities, the Latin American Federation of Cities, and Local Authorities).
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination has been maintained as a basic principle for negotiations.
(f) The status of the programmes of destruction of anti-personnel mines referred to in articles 4 and 5, including details of the methods to be used for destruction, the location of all places of destruction and the standards to be observed in the area of security and environmental protection.”
The Internet address is http://disarmament.un.org/MineBan.nsf.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “External debt crisis and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
From September 2000 to April 2003, at least 12,737 Palestinians saw their homes demolished by the Israeli military forces, which invaded the cities with the support of tanks, armoured personnel carriers and helicopters and destroyed homes with explosives while their inhabitants still remained.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore absolutely essential in this struggle.
On this last point, I will not dwell in detail.
Madam Chairperson, I thank you for having organized this meeting, and I also thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), for his comprehensive report and for his concrete proposals to improve the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to resolution 1455 (2003) and the continued threat of Al-Qaida.
Lastly, she said that she would ensure that the Secretariat took into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain regarding the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of the proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have provided examples of other producers of official statistics, who are developing and publishing statistics in their own areas of activity.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remains firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and the agreements reached at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences and calls for the speedy and complete implementation of the 13 practical steps agreed at the 2000 Review Conference.
The ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians of the presence and threat of explosive remnants of war immediately after the cessation of active hostilities, when civilian casualties are often high.
President's summary
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do the same?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring the universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the consideration of human rights issues, as affirmed in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993,
The regrettable incident of Depayin, on 30 May 2003, had an influence on the many findings of the Special Rapporteur's interim report (A/58/219).
Obviously, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address the humanitarian issues arising from the protracted drought emergency and the effects of a long conflict.
Nepal therefore urges the High Commissioner to examine this issue in a more comprehensive manner.
CONTENTS (continued)
Rule 11
Rule 3
When the debate is limited and a member or representative exceeds the allotted time, the President shall immediately call him to order.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Rule 87
Rule 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
The reports, formal decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention shall be circulated by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and to interested States parties, as decided by the Committee, to the members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested recipients.
States parties shall submit to the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on measures taken to give effect to their commitments under this Convention within one year of the entry into force of the Convention for the State party concerned.
In carrying out their mandate, the rapporteurs may, with the agreement of the Committee, make the necessary visits to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of his functions, the Chairman remains under the authority of the Committee.
Rule 71
The systematic violence committed in the Mambasa-Komanda region was perpetrated in three different periods:
On 12 October, LAC soldiers entered the witness's house in Mambasa.
All persons interviewed confirmed that there were many cases of rape of girls, some of which were barely 10 years old.
On the basis of the Team's report, a new trial was opened against 27 suspects from the LAC forces.
Global road safety crisis
Once the designation has been established, it is subject to a series of sanctions prescribed by the Suppression of Terrorism Act.
A working group of experts, consisting of representatives of various countries and organizations in the Pacific and supported by two writers (new and Australian), is currently drafting the model provisions.
Accelerated review of eligibility for mechanisms
Their role should be clarified and the authority and responsibilities delegated to them.
Of the $42.8 million allocated for operational costs for the period ended 30 June 2002, only $28.4 million, or 66 per cent, had been disbursed at the end of the biennium.
OIOS recommended that the Office urgently establish appropriate mechanisms to address the increased number of applications received through the Galaxy system; to promote mobility by ensuring better conditions of service at different duty stations and streamlining of administrative procedures; to ensure that the e-PAS is linked to a system of tangible rewards and staff contribution to the implementation of the institutional objectives; to ensure that such knowledge is systematically carried out in this regard.
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors undertake an evaluation of the capacity and professional expertise required for OIOS to provide internal audit services for the administration and investments of the Fund, in accordance with generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pension funds, and report on this evaluation at its next audit of the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Survey of the misuse of a desktop computer
Financial institutions are required to report on a regular basis any suspicious transactions and to monitor closely any irregularities.
Having considered the report carefully with the assistance of its experts, the Counter-Terrorism Committee has written to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments.
This crime is committed by any person who intentionally organizes or facilitates the entry into the national territory of an individual who knows, or has good reason to assume, that he or she intends to seek asylum.
The number of women holding positions of official representatives at the national and local levels, as well as the level of participation of women, is reflected in the preceding tables.
- The establishment of formal committees in institutions to assess and report on the status of academic women.
13.3 The Government is committed to providing a contributory pension scheme as broad as possible as far as possible and is aware of the fact that persons who cease work to take family responsibilities may be disadvantaged in terms of social security.
Section 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Act on Domestic Violence in the Family), which, inter alia, deals with restraining orders and protective judgements and gives the Garda broad powers of arrest in case of domestic violence.
The next review of the Charter will highlight the possibility of formally rejecting the use of information services.
Stressing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, neo-colonialism, aggression, foreign occupation and domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is essential for the full enjoyment by men and women of their rights,
Rule 12
States Parties shall accord to men and women the same rights with regard to legislation relating to the right of persons to freedom of movement and to choose their residence and domicile.
Workshops
It could also request Working Group I to cooperate closely with Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on the aspects of procurement legislation relevant to electronic commerce.
- Request for information under article 44 (1) of the Banking Act relating to terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against United States institutions (Rundschreiben_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Committee decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have negatively affected the growth of GDP in the region, the uncertainty created has resulted in the majority of the region's scholarships, where the general trend in 2002 has been declining with some minor occasional occasions.
Such plans include improved forecasting, early warning and continuous communication between disaster-prone areas or communities and authorities.
UNESCO, ICSU and several affiliated organizations will promote biological diversity conservation activities in which remote sensing and GIS will occupy a large place.
Thematic discussions and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human and the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights concerning the prohibition of forced eviction,
Welcomes the continuing use by the Representative of the Secretary-General of the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement in his dialogue with Governments, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations and other relevant actors, and requests him to continue his efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on preparations for its deployment within the country.
The remuneration of the two other judges is provided for in the proposed budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Trial Section 1
The elections will be triparties, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Head Ominayak and Lake Lubicon v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX A, para.
Bangladesh is largely governed by the civil and criminal procedure codes established during the British regime.
It has published and disseminated in the whole country the fascicles explaining the procedure to be followed and the need for birth registration and marriage registration in order to raise public awareness and seek active cooperation.
Response to Recommendation 460: In its development plans, the Government had followed a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the evolving nature of requests for assistance and the growing need for some types of medium-term specialized assistance aimed at supporting and strengthening the capacities already available to the Government of the country, in particular the capacity of national electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age for marriage was the same for men and women and whether it was at least 18 years.
UNDP intends to provide greater support to the process of national reconciliation, social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of his report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257); it further emphasized that globalization did not give due consideration to the human element, the interdependence of economies did not take into account the right to employment.
His country continued its efforts to improve cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Rule 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/....
At the close of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of the 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration provided for in article 14, paragraph 1, of the Convention.
CONSIDERATION OF REPORTS
However, the periodic report highlights the measures taken to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts where Greek and Macedonian minorities are traditionally concentrated.
They claim that there was a violation by Denmark of article 2, paragraph 1 (d), and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant claims, in support of this assertion, that according to a decision of the High Court of the East Region of 5 February 1999, an incident of racial discrimination is not in itself a violation of the honour and reputation of a person under article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“Mr. President,
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Jean-Marie Guéhenno Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and to Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted in the future in the context of the proposed programme budget.
An overview and summary of the activity will be given in section B.3.1, with information on, for example, the effects of GHGs and the type and extent of technology used (e.g., installed power, production).
Environmental, economic and sociocultural impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica had joined in sponsoring draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above) would greatly help to address this problem.
Developing countries must be provided with means of implementation, in the form of new and additional financial resources, of transfer of technology to favourable conditions and capacity-building.
The third Global Water Forum, held in Japan, has developed a plan of action to identify a number of projects around the world and to establish a web site network to accelerate water-related activities.
(The annex to the present document provides a breakdown of expenditures relating to these activities.
24.61 The provision of $2,995,200 (increase: $465,700) will provide for: (a) the continuation of 10 posts (four Professional posts, 6 General Service (Other level)); (b) the delayed impact of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) in the biennium 2002-2003; and (c) the non-post requirements for the functioning of the Office.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system as well as its unique capacity and practical experience in coordinating assistance in conflict and post-conflict situations, inter alia in the protection and respect of human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $458,000
General Assembly
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, final recommendations without a vote.
Rule 103 provides that elections shall be held by secret ballot unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of an election to a post subject to only one candidate.
(ii) One representative from an Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study and minimize the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to it, at its fifty-eighth session, a report on the status and implementation of the Agreement for the Implementation of the Provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982 relating to the Conservation and Management of Straddling Fish Stocks and Highly Migratory Fish Stocks, and related instruments and the implications of its entry into force of the Agreement.
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under the items entitled “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the item every two years from the fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects3
World Solidarity Fund
Promotion of youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the progress made in the work of the United Nations system in favour of children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake the general assessment of the scope and effectiveness of the measures taken by the United Nations system, including recommendations to strengthen, mainstream, integrate and continue those activities, and to submit its findings to the Assembly at its fifty-seventh session.
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility for the results and relevance of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies is the responsibility of Member States alone, and no reform can remedy this situation, as long as those who are in a position to decide are determined to hinder the work that we are all supposed to carry out.
The Millennium Declaration, as well as the Monterrey conferences on financing for development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development, have aroused great hope in the international community, particularly in developing countries, finally seeing a stable, just and united socio-economic order.
That goal can be achieved only through a multilateral and comprehensive approach and through the development of transparent strategies that would enable us to free the world of nuclear weapons.
- Organizing sports competitions in different types of national sports, supporting schools, sections and sports circles for children and young people and acquiring sports materials.
The outreach programme for Latin America and the Caribbean, which addresses the needs of the particularly endangered poor communities, continued to focus on developing innovative information and education tools and forging partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy secretariat, who serves as the Secretary-General.
The barriers that limit market access, including tariff increases and inflation, limit developing countries' exports.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected to serve on the Committee for a period of three years, effective 1 January 2001, the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of laws, regulations and/or procedures, which in your country controls the transfer of such funds or assets to identified individuals and entities, including:
It is also necessary for the Council to strengthen the political framework of the peace process — in a word — to restore the momentum to this peace process, which has, of course, made progress, as I said at this time, but which needs to be re-examined.
We believe that what is important for anyone is also urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of an Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, to which Brazil participates.
The Security Council meeting of 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region in the maintenance of peace and security, which culminated in the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy Executive Director United Nations Children's Fund
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “the Council had placed the burden on Iraq in fulfilling its obligations and disarming, and not on the inspectors to find what Iraq had tried to conceal for so long.
It is normal that there is a multitude of information related to the organization and administration of such sites and that there is no connection with the mandate of the inspection teams or with weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The unequal situation with regard to counterparts who could be provided, given the lack of skills that the Timorese society had inherited, was another constraint.
The majority of the East-Timorese people continue to engage in subsistence agriculture with extremely rudimentary means of production.
While our bilateral relations grow at all levels, we call on the international community, as well as the United Nations, to support this process.
First, many observations were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Court of Appeal should therefore be sworn in this week.
(b) The project database is divided into two sections - United Nations projects and projects conducted by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; it contains project descriptions and funding requirements;
(e) 1.17 The term “performing party” means a person other than the carrier that performs physical [or undertakes to perform] [or fails to perform all or part] of any of the carrier's obligations under a contract of carriage, handling, custody or storage of the goods, to the extent that it acts, directly or indirectly, under the carrier's control or control.
The order of definitions has been amended in accordance with this suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider adding a paragraph 1 bis to variant C, which would read as follows: “1 bis.
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is being implemented by more than one third of Member States, including some high-income countries, in order to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of infected grinks.
Most of the police information systems that have registries in accordance with the Schengen Agreement Implementation Convention operate as a national database accessible by the Internet and are either fully operational or in the trial phase.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces at the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a grant agreement with that Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist infected and affected persons.
Like most countries in the region, Zimbabwe depends primarily on donor support for its programmes on HIV/AIDS, but this support has declined since 1999.
Therefore, the President of the Republic has enacted a law that defines the responsibility of the Chilean State in the prevention of AIDS and sets the goal of promoting prevention and non-discrimination against people living with the disease.
In recent years, Venezuela had benefited from developing cooperation with UNIDO in areas such as combating mercury pollution, developing agro-industries and timber industries, promoting investment, exports and technology.
The practical implementation of projects under this general framework requires a determined effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that these financial implications, of €447,836, be included in the programme budget for 2004 under Major Programme 4, Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to guarantee to any person brought before a court or court within their jurisdiction the right to be present at his trial and to defend itself or to have the assistance of a defender of his choice;
In 2001, a Ministry of Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, was present.
In view of the contribution made by women in the economic and social sectors, policies should be adopted as soon as possible to address the social, economic and cultural problems they face.
The International Organization for Migration (IMO) has made the fight against trafficking one of its priorities and works with various United Nations bodies and agencies in this regard.
Pakistan welcomed the progress made in that regard and called for the application of procedures relating to the basic radiation protection standards of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in the context of those principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) said that he was disappointed by the outcome of the recent Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) held in Cancún, and expressed regret at the lack of agreement on the lowering of customs tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which would have generated US$ 500 billion in income for rich and poor countries and had contributed to poverty of some 144 million people by 2015.
If nothing is done to remedy it, the injustice of economic globalization will fall back to the problems of the third world over the first, and poverty, terrorism and disease will also become global.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya had proposed to overcome the problems that impeded its development, both in urban and rural areas and in the desert, but its task was complicated by the presence of mines in its territory.
The tragic fate of the Aral Sea is an example of the problems.
Mr. Bueser (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly for the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action was a landmark in the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hopes that the international protection of the rights of migrant workers, especially women migrant workers, is the most vulnerable to discrimination.
In order to provide a fair and rational means of knowing what may reasonably be presumed in relation to a description of the goods provided by the shipper, the instrument should be amended as proposed in paragraphs 153 and 154 of the commentary.
They often rely on the assistance of the competent services of other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence allowance for activities outside the Organization
(Cancelled)
Rule 207.18
(iv) Where this educational institution is too remote to enable it to travel on a daily basis, the region where the staff member is in office and, in the opinion of the Secretary-General, there is no appropriate school in that area of the child, the amount of the grant is calculated at the same rate as those specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
His delegation could not support the proposal to consolidate the accounts of peacekeeping operations, which was incompatible with the current Financial Regulations and Rules and might reduce the control that the General Assembly might exercise on each mission.
She wished to know what the Secretariat had done to recruit local staff for the Force in accordance with the relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
A total of 66 mangrove projects in 35 countries were attended by FAO.
Group 1
(d) It is important to review the implementation of past projects (results, possible outcome, etc.) and to disseminate lessons learned.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraphs 26 and 27 above, an amount of 20,051,150, consisting of:
During the reporting period, a new Government was installed in Afghanistan, with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these obstacles is the case of all and there is a much more active commitment on the part of the international community.
This expansion of the programme of work makes UNCITRAL's coordination work difficult with parallel initiatives of various organizations in such areas as electronic commerce, dispute settlement, insolvency, transport law, security rights and privately financed infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supported the continuation of work on the two draft counter-terrorism conventions, which should be completed expeditiously.
The roster shows that:
Follow-up to the implementation of that resolution must be carried out in a climate of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which should have been submitted in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) To adopt measures to improve the material conditions of detention in prisons and to prevent both violence between prisoners and the use of violence against prisoners by prison personnel.
2.4 At the same time, the Ljubo Radovic police officer was travelling to Bozova Glaica to say to his Roma inhabitants that they should immediately leave them.
Positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to grant reparation and compensation to the victims of an act within the meaning of that provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that at no time the complainant has given details of the torture he allegedly suffered.
He claims that his voluntary return to Sri Lanka would violate article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has ascertained, as required under article 22, paragraph 5 (a), of the Convention, that the same matter has not been examined and is not being examined under another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
2.2 Upon his arrest, the Spanish authorities first requested his extradition, but the request was subsequently withdrawn by reason of a mistake on the person.
(b) The contested statement should be an essential element of the charge against the author of the communication;
5.4 In relation to the evidence to support the allegations that Mr. Azurmendi made his statements under torture, the complainant refers to a report of the PPT on the specific period in which the contested statements took place and that:
The complainant's grandfather is the naked mother of Abdullah Öcalan.
1.3 By a note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its observations on the admissibility and merits of the complaint; it also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures, in accordance with rule 108, paragraph 7, of its rules of procedure.
By granting Spain's extradition, the Federal Office of Justice had de facto accepted evidence obtained through torture.
b No further clarification is given regarding these problems.
a Country response: 65.
In the meantime, it would be accidentally too much to be done in this area, as contradictions and inconsistencies could arise with the various private international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
Unfortunately, the peacekeeping framework and the resolution of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia would justify this change of attitude.
Observer status for the East African Community in the General Assembly (A/58/232 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division works closely with UNDP in the following areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, compliance with agreed definitions and standards and data needs.
The first research has already yielded solid results and has produced specific proposals for research and development.
i.
Emphasizes the essential role that political leaders and political parties can and should play in strengthening democracy by combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete steps to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2003/L.11/Add.4
The relevance means the extent to which an activity is in line with national objectives or is part of these objectives.
They will therefore be most likely to earn if the objectives are achieved, but they will be the most penalized if they are not taken into account at the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Board Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with ongoing political and legislative processes and new institutional arrangements in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint venture formed by the South Pacific Mining Corporation (MSP), controlled by the Kanaks, and Canadian company Falconbridge to construct a smelter in the North Province to deal with nickel from the mountains of Koniambo.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand dropped by 34 per cent and that from Japan by 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea said, inter alia, that, with the goodwill of all concerned, the consideration of the questions of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should progress.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would take approximately four weeks, from the date of which a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by aerial bombardment in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action
In particular, it provided a detailed analytical commentary to the draft, which UNCITRAL had published as a working paper of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/SDTE/TLB/4).
The estimated requirements for civilian personnel for the 2003/04 period, covering 256 international staff, 282 national staff and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amount to $28,314,900, reflecting a decrease of $4,938,300, or 4.9 per cent, compared to the apportionment for the 2002/03 period.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing under the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance for the major countries that produce, sell or work diamonds to participate in the Kimberley Process self-regulation system,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
Thus, in the final analysis, the new proposals, although in some cases, appear not only inapplicable in practice in view of the required level of coordination, the broad range of actors that would necessarily be involved and the long duration of the reporting cycle, but they may not lead to simplification of processes but to their complication by adding a new level of work, particularly the task of beneficiary countries and other actors.
It cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the bodies, including comments and observations at the request of various United Nations organizations, the organization of conferences and seminars, the publication of literature and brochures on selected issues considered by the United Nations system and the conduct of persuasive action.
Table 1 compares the requirements for the biennium 2004-2005 (at the 2004-2005 rates), the revised requirements for the biennium 2002-2003 approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 57/293 of 20 December 2002 and the actual level of expenditure and income for the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report be prepared on an experimental basis for submission to the General Assembly in the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
1 D-2, Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.).
The requirements for travel for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,170,300 (before recosting), or $74,800 above the 2002-2003 appropriation.
Section 26 Palestine refugees
In the future, it should be explained, either in the programme documents, or in the supplementary guidance of the distribution of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and between the regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The purchase of firearms and explosives in the informal market should be reported to the Prosecutor's Office, the head of violation of the Federal Firearms and Explosives Act, and is subject to imprisonment and a fine, as well as the confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Conspiration
It also notes with appreciation the detailed written replies submitted by the State party to its list of issues (E/C.12/Q/ICE/2).
(l) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic in small arms and light weapons and collecting them (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and measures to strengthen international cooperation to counter the world drug problem adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 12.
During the two sessions, additional information was requested on UNCITRAL seminars.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author claims that his son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because of the day of his arrest and other occasions before his trial he was subjected to serious ill-treatment and the inhuman conditions under which he was detained.
3.1 The author claims that the persistence of the Czech authorities, including the Czech Constitutional Court, of refusing to recognize and declare that Act No. 143/1947 is a special discriminatory law and that it is as such and without effect constitutes an arbitrary, discriminatory and unconstitutional violation of the right of the author to the enjoyment of his heritage and property, including his right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author further alleges that there was a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, in that a violation of article 14, paragraphs 1 and 3, with the effect of depriving an accused of fair trial, is also a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 With regard to the issue of exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee noted the State party's arguments, which initially claimed that the author's dispute was not within the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second time that, under the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, an appeal could now be lodged with the courts.
The State party submits that the author's allegations are contradictory.
The Committee's reasoning in this decision was based on an interpretation of the Covenant that article 6, paragraph 1, was read in conjunction with article 6, paragraph 2, which did not prohibit the imposition of capital punishment for the most serious crimes.
On the same day, the author's counsel also submitted an application for judicial review, which was rejected by the President of the Criminal Chamber of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Accordingly, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and this part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author claims that his rights were violated, since he was arrested and charged without any evidence of his involvement in a criminal activity and was assaulted by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his appeal statement, the author had asked for a review of the evaluation of the evidence he considered to be misleading.
With regard to the applicability of the statute of limitations, in relation to both the request to the Constitutional Court and the criminal proceedings instituted, the author submits that, in both cases, it was not possible under the anti-constitutional military regime in place at the time of prosecution of the torturers of political dissidents within the prescribed deadlines.
Since the State party has not registered falsely against this complaint, and has not provided any other relevant information on the manner in which the executions of capital punishment takes place, due weight must be given to the author's claim.
4.16 Second, the State party argues that the author has not shown how the Government's actions constituted interference with his family life.
6.2 With regard to the excessive duration of the period prior to the trial, the Committee points out that the dates for determining, in the case under review, the length of the delay occurred is the dates of the author's arrest and trial and not the dates given by the author, namely, the date of the alleged crime, the date of murder, the date of the commencement of the trial.
It is not necessary to use only the documents before the original case and may take into account the elements that were not known when the original decision was made.
It also considers that the State party has wrong to claim that it would not have been entitled to a pension under article 13 of the Law on Benefits of Veterans and argues that none of the two bodies dealing with its claim have expressed doubts about its ability to meet the criteria set out in the various paragraphs of article 13.
5.2 With regard to the Committee's temporal jurisdiction, the author considers that he and his family are victims of a continuing violation of article 7 since they are still unaware of where the person concerned would be.
Witnesses:
He submits that Peruvian judges could have been unconstitutional if they had before them a complaint alleging that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, this time period does not start from the notice of the judgement, but from the last notice.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance for the voluntary return of prisoners to those regions.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed the consideration of this request to the Court.
The authors invoke the decision of HREOC to the extent that it includes an assessment of the facts of the case, which strengthens their argument that the Commissioner has taken a wrong decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author asked the Minister of the Interior to rescind the decisions of the Qualification Committees and reintegrate him into the police.
The authors have appealed to justice in the cases of Tamnes, Alden 1997 and Korsjell and the authors' claims of expropriation in the latter two cases are pending, but they did not make a claim for expropriation in the first instance.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner were released by the Western Fjord District Court, which considered, with reference to the Supreme Court's judgement in Valdimar case, that article 7 (2) of the Fisheries Management Act was contrary to articles 65 (right to equality) and article 75 (Employment) of the Constitution.
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, noted that the prohibitions of this kind “to be fully compatible with the right to freedom of expression provided for in article 19, whose exercise entails special responsibilities and duties”.
He immediately informed the judge that he intended to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that, mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be applied in the present case.
3.3 The author claims to have exhausted domestic remedies and states that the case was not subject to another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
In addition, the Council of State emphasizes that a dual remedy may be exercised before the Permanent Representative or the Court of First Instance, and then before the Appeals Board, and that these authorities may order investigative measures.
Thus, by Order of the Minister of the Interior of 16 March 2001, the author's 13 months of military service were recognized in his promotion at the sixth stage of the body of the main pre-trial officers.
In addition, the State's claim for procedural costs was paid.
Canada, chapter XII, annual report A/48/40/ Vol. II.
6 See Case Caballo Delgado and Santana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (An annual report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/Serbian.L/V.33 Doc.4); id.
The State party refers to similar observations made by the State party in Pauger v. Austria (communication No. 415/1990).
France), decision of 3 April 1989.
Meetings
While some of the positions have been actively opposed to new appointments, the Government's will is gradually required.
Security is therefore of crucial importance, whether the safety of electoral personnel or the right to participate freely in the ballot.
However, the Judicial Reform Commission has made progress in the rehabilitation of infrastructure and training.
The situation of women remains unsatisfactory.
Recalls Economic and Social Council decision 2001/36 of 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, indigenous peoples' organizations, the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues and all existing mechanisms, procedures and programmes within the United Nations system, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, to communicate as soon as possible, and in any case, 2003 to the Council,
The proposed analysis makes it possible to determine who may legitimately take place at the negotiating table and what items are to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of an interregional workshop to support the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in small island developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
To that end, two basic conditions must be met, namely, the existence of a vacant post, to which no Azerbaijani citizen has the requisite vocational training or skills, and the inability of placement services to identify a candidate for local job seekers who meets the criteria set by the employer.
The rest time and luncheon are not recognized as working hours.
In 1997, amendments and additions were made to the Social Welfare Act of 1992, which became the Disability Prevention and Rehabilitation and Social Protection Act.
In addition, the same article provides that children who cannot be integrated into formal pre-schools because of their physical or mental disabilities are accommodated in specialized pre-schools.
The results of the eight finalists have been communicated to WIPO to participate in the international competitive examination involving students in the licence and 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) National budget;
(d) Agriculture;
It is to say that the challenge of good governance is at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play an essential role in the field of arms proliferation.
This could lead to a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
The booklet contains guidelines and information on the options available once the compulsory school has been completed.
The implementation of a feminist study programme at the University of Iceland is one of the priorities of the Centre for the coming years.
The Committee published a programme for equal rights for the University of Iceland for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall establish the salaries and allowances of the officials of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, in accordance with the standards of the United Nations common system.
b “In Ghana, Hope Arrives via Satellite”, International Herald Tribune, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with IMF
(c) To continue to include in the agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In line with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee reiterates its recommendation that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that adopted children are not aware of the identity of their natural parents, even by their majority and even if they are found to be in their best interests.
(a) The enactment of new legislation and the adoption of a number of national strategies and programmes, including: decision No. 347/2002 on national programmes of concern in the field of child protection, on street children and children in institutions; Law No. 678/2001 on trafficking in persons; Law No. 197/2000 on domestic violence against children;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, the ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning Minimum Age for Admission to Employment and the ILO Convention (No. 182) concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour, ratified by the State party:
(a) To launch information campaigns at all levels and regions, with a view to eliminating harmful attitudes towards Roma throughout society, in particular among authorities such as the police and professionals providing services in the areas of health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their reports regularly and within the time frame.
(b) Develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as the monitoring of racist acts and the collection of data on such acts;
(d) To ensure that the Family Council has adequate resources to carry out its mandate.
At the national level, there is a growing recognition of the need to consider development goals and policies from a human rights perspective (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical measures, to ensure progressively, by all means, in particular by adopting legislative measures, the full realization of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms the constitutional right, with regard to private sector workers and public enterprises, to establish, without prior authorization, the organizations they deem appropriate.
This period is considered to be actually working for the payment of the salary, regardless of the agreed remuneration system.
Information on the current standard of living of the population
These households, even if they spend their full income on meeting their food needs, are not adequately met.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of built housing units reached a total of 1,076,843, an annual average of 1077,684.
As a percentage of the population and housing stock, this year accounted for less than 4 per cent of the country's population and only 3 per cent of the housing stock.
State housing programmes
With regard to health-related activities, some researchers feel that more than half of the decrease in infant mortality is associated with the expansion and coverage of health services.
However, there are still very binding judicial provisions and procedures for the media and journalists.
FIM: Mining Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Act No. 19070 of 1996.
However, it is important that the facts relating to violent crimes against women be made public in a dignified manner and in keeping with the privacy of the victim.
The findings of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be an urgent matter.
Japan hopes that all States will do their utmost to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and will draw on the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete steps at the national, regional and global levels to deal with the problem of small arms during the period from the Second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If none of the three options have obtained the majority of votes, the one that has obtained the least votes will be eliminated and a new referendum will be held to make a choice between the two remaining options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, shall decide which to vote.
• Women with higher educational levels want less children.
Kunst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting to Review the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
xi.
In their final communiqué, the participants at the Tenth Islamic Summit Conference, held in Malaysia in the previous month, invited the Security Council to endorse the road map on the establishment of peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for its implementation in a timely manner.
It is important to state here the three main pillars of this goal, as they demonstrate our determination to keep this theme over the long term.
However, according to the Israeli representative's assertions, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and Palestinian corruption.
Armenia has continued to implement, for almost 10 years now, its policy of blockade of the Autonomous Republic of the Republic of Azerbaijan of Nakhchivan, thus inflicting enormous suffering on the civilian population of that part of the country.
Similarly, it is imperative that the Government and civil society work hand in hand to encourage the growth and development of our children.
Last year, the States Members of the United Nations adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have free access to health care and education, which is compulsory.
At the same time, it has been able to reduce expenditures through energy-saving measures.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention for the Protection of the Intangible Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003;
“The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission to Guinea-Bissau, to be carried out by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, which will be the first part of a comprehensive mission to West Africa, and looks forward to its findings and recommendations.
For example, the UNCITRAL Insolvency Guide may wish to refer to “the UNCITRAL Insolvency Guide, chapter I, and Part II, “the UNCITRAL Insolvency Guide” to “the UNCITRAL Insolvency Guide, to which the Guide is to be selected as a “legal guide” (see para.
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
There is, however, an informal translation of article 3 of this Act, which sets out national measures to implement international sanctions.
Annex
As a result, no person affected by such a measure cannot obtain an entry visa to the Lebanese Consulates or the Public Security.
Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Colombia, the Czech Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Estonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Fiji, Georgia, Ghana, Guatemala, Honduras, Iceland, Mali, Latvia, the Marshall Islands, Lithuania, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the Russian Federation, Lithuania, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, Fiji, Ghana, Guatemala, Honduras, Iceland, Italy, Lithuania, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Italy, Latvia.
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To examine the question of the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider reviewing and, where appropriate, reviewing their immigration policies with a view to eliminating all unfair practices against migrants and members of their families and to provide specialized training to officials responsible for policy development, law enforcement, immigration and other services, including with the assistance of non-governmental organizations and civil society, emphasizing the importance of establishing effective tolerance for non-governmental organizations and civil society,
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and that it is essential to ensure the full enjoyment of these rights and freedoms by persons with disabilities without discrimination,
Thus, not only the occupying Power has decided to physically take over the areas that have been placed under full Palestinian control under the agreements reached, but it seems that it has now decided to take over the control of civil affairs in those areas.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 by which the Governing Council of UN-Habitat approved the establishment of the Special Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian People and the Technical Cooperation Trust Fund with a budget of $5 million for an initial period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a comprehensive system of preferences, decided at the second session of the Conference in 1968 will successfully reflect a innovative approach to the issue of developing countries' access to the markets of industrialized countries.
International disciplines and commitments — which are essential to the establishment of a rules-based international economic regime — are beginning to expand to areas that, in the past, fall within the purview of national Governments alone.
Special and differential treatment may be useful in addressing economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing and developed countries.
What is the role of government?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
There will be a meeting of the Joint Coordination Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The above-mentioned Convention was adopted during the plenary meeting of the General Assembly on 31 October 2003 at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken special measures, although not limited to cases of kidnapping, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims appearing before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane as Deputy Special Representative in Asmara.
After completing its work, which lasted 50 minutes, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at http://www.itu.int/wsis/documents.
At present, we still do not need the answers to key questions about Iraq's past production of chemical and biological weapons, on what remains its capabilities and on its current programmes.
Population density and distribution have influenced emissions from transport and housing.
Some foresee a net increase in emissions from this sector despite the measures taken and envisaged.
(c) Asile and refuge several delegations stressed the need to link the obligation not to grant asylum or refuge to persons suspected of participating in an enforced disappearance, with the need not to return such persons to a State where they might be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious human rights violations.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures might be necessary, however, because, in their discussions, the specialized intergovernmental bodies generally favoured substantive issues and did not consider the role of the Secretariat, i.e., the activities envisaged in the programme of work.
(f) The format and timing of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
This date is therefore particularly opportune to speak to the non-permanent members of the Security Council, who together with the permanent members defend the principles of the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
There is therefore a discussion that will now begin to review the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on strengthening legal and administrative measures and the mobilization of international cooperation and coordination to that end, my delegation would like to draw attention to other aspects that could be considered, which are also mentioned in the report, particularly with regard to South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to know and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and associated individuals and entities could unite disparate groups of different ethnic and national origins by using their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations3 and United Nations funds and programmes4 for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations;2
31.35 The main purpose of the High-level Committee on Management is to guide the activities of the United Nations system in administrative and management issues of relevance to the system as a whole and to promote inter-agency cooperation and coordination on these issues on behalf of the Chief Executives Board.
My question is as follows: What can we expect further contributions? Because, as the preceding speakers have said, this process will be long, and will require significant funding, including coordination and cooperation from other countries with the lead country.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braun, who have made presentations that have caused so many relevant issues on Afghanistan, although some of these questions have been addressed.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report each month to the managers of the discrepancies and intends to consider options to improve the updating of regional inventories.
(b) There should be sufficient staffing at Headquarters and field missions to deal with air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces (UNPF)d
United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNOMSIL)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to promote the use of identification systems, including the application of the Object-ID norm, and to encourage the establishment of links between these systems and existing databases, including that of the International Criminal Police Organization, Interpol, to enable electronic transmission of information to reduce trafficking in cultural property, and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization,
The political process must therefore be broad and open enough to ensure that all Afghans who wish to participate in the political process in good faith can do so and are not left on the matter, which, increasingly, would encourage them to join the ranks of those who actively oppose the peace process.
I would now like to offer a more precise description of the situation by providing the Council with the most recent information on specific events that have taken place in Afghanistan since the briefing last December.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its profound conviction that security is an indivisible and indivisible one must benefit all.
It could be so if it was agreed to free from old reflexes and abandon the nuclear doctrine.
In view of the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution will enjoy the widest possible support from States parties and non-parties to the Convention.
In accordance with this view, at a ministerial meeting of the Quartet, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, introduced the initiative to adopt a special resolution of the Security Council that supports the road map.
The President: Is there any other delegation wishing to speak at this stage?
Moreover, no consensus has yet been reached on issues such as the elimination of unilateral measures (e.g., the prohibitions of export imposed by producer countries and the boycott in consumer countries), since they are incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, several large timber-scale enterprises are implementing environmental management systems designed to ensure that timber is a safe source for environment and society.
Indeed, it is involved in the management of concessions, the development of forest plantations and downstream processing of forest products.
(i) Urge countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve the timely collection and dissemination of information on the production, consumption, trade and prices of wood and non-wood forest products in order to promote market transparency.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former law, which are essentially composed of treaties, should be repealed in their entirety and replaced by more just and equitable legislation, the more protective of the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years of age, men are more than women to work because the custom wants girls to stay in the house later, while the boys leave early on working.
The rights and obligations inherent in marriage are the same for concubins; witnesses may prove that a couple has been living under the same roof for at least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501)]
In its resolution 42/11, the Commission requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to use the expertise and experience gained in the implementation of its global programmes of technical assistance, as well as information gathered through various relevant questionnaires.
Item 8. Other trade and development issues:
UNCTAD collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa in the preparations for the Cancún Conference by participating in the High-level Panel on African Trade Negotiators Preparatory for the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference and the meeting of the African Union Trade Ministers in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Cancún Conference.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries in participating in the Doha work programme in the field of trade and environment are continuing in close cooperation and coordination with the WTO secretariats, UNEP and the United Nations regional commissions, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as with civil society.
He also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the Kennedy School of Government of the Harvard University in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on 23 and 24 September 2002, where he presented the work of the Commission on ICT development indexes.
We also recognize that globalization, and in concrete terms the increase in international trade, offers hope for growth for our peoples.
Last year, speaking before the General Assembly, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and promised to report on progress.
In addition, women participate in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women, which is part of a coordinated and integrated system of development activities that includes mother-to-child care; thus, equality between men and women in a society that is believed in the unity of the family, high-quality gender equality and respect family rights.
Developing countries are facing challenges in the area of development today, which can only be addressed through concerted international efforts and support to ensure the necessary political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
I would like to touch upon two specific questions of criminal justice:
The United Nations must therefore continue to contribute to the process of peacemaking and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has sought to apply with greater consistency the principles it proclaims.
Significant developments in the global balance of forces and global goals have occurred since the establishment of the United Nations, 58 years ago.
In keeping with the conclusions of the Council of Europe in Thessaloniki, the European Union will continue to support the Secretary-General's efforts to achieve a comprehensive, just, viable and practical solution to the Cyprus problem in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each Committee shall elect its Chairman from among its members.
Persons arrested or detained must be informed of the reasons for their arrest or detention and of their right to be assisted by a lawyer.
Its last publication was the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21st meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered section 28, Public information, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Sect. 28)).
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and other relevant human rights instruments,
Also regrets that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that officials or former officials of a troop/police contributor who are not a party to the Rome Statute shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of that State for any allegation of acts or omissions arising from or related to the United Nations multinational force in Liberia;
Also requests the working group to consider the information presented and to share its comments and recommendations to transnational corporations, other business enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other sources of information thereon;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, sponsored by Mr. Chen Shiqiu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Mbonu, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Dominicans for Justice and Peace
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could work together at a certain level to share information on user needs and achieve a broader goal of integrating GNSS and its augmentations to the basic infrastructure of developing countries.
Governments do not measure the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and disease control.
Expected result
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is developing a synthesis document, to which members of the Partnership contribute, to assessing the relationship between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Rule 21, subparagraph (f), provides that “any person arrested or detained shall be formally charged and brought before the competent court within 48 hours” and “there shall be no pre-trial detention”.
(f) Support to the Peace and Security Council for the implementation of humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Protocol on the Establishment of the African Union Peace and Security Council;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is an area that could greatly benefit from education and awareness-raising programmes.
Sources indicated that in some areas, the principle of accountability was relatively well implemented, but that was mainly due to the relevant figures.
Decides to include the following items in the agenda of the third session of the Committee for the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intends to review this initiative, as well as the issue of debt sustainability, at its autumn meeting.
This meeting will provide policy makers with an opportunity to address problems related to development cooperation.
Mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Office of Legal Affairs made several statements in explanation of vote before the Council.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
Thus, we are in a phase of launching our political tools, particularly those related to flexibility criteria.
The staff currently being recruited will require training beyond the end of UNMISET.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report gives us an overview of the work of the Council over the past year in its area of responsibility, namely, the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) Assist in optimizing the relevance of the outcome of the work of the General Assembly and the Council and in ensuring the establishment of arrangements to monitor their effective implementation, including by linking the outcome of the high-level segment of the Council to the deliberations of the General Assembly;
10.16 Expected accomplishments include: (a) the enrichment of the knowledge base, know-how and management tools of Governments and relevant institutions, with a view to improving their capacity to implement an international environmental policy; (b) the development of innovative technical cooperation agreements for the installation and use of appropriate and environmentally sound technologies; and (c) the establishment by Governments of appropriate environmental response institutional arrangements to the environment;
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary drug prevention among young people; the diversification of treatment and rehabilitation services for drug abusers; policy and strategy development; training and capacity-building; and the identification and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 Conservation and sustainable management of forest ecosystems in Central Africa
Strategy
(d) Promote the use of information and communication technologies and space technology applications, including by facilitating local adaptation or transfer of best practices.
Among the indicators of achievement would include: (a) the number of members and associate members who have received assistance from ESCAP and their new initiatives to improve their ICT policies, as well as the institutional framework; (b) the number of national ICT training centres and the number of technical cooperation activities among developing countries implemented with the assistance of ESCAP; and (c) the establishment of a regional cooperation mechanism to support space applications.
Strategy
The achievement of the objectives will be determined by more rapid assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; more prompt and coordinated response to disaster-affected countries; a higher participation rate in disaster management training courses; enhanced field and regional cooperation; and a greater response by donors to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation to reduce the impact of the El Niño phenomenon
Programme 26
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The 2002 choice of women and victory (Seoul, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Olamendi (Mexico) said that in three years of power, the Government of Mr. Vicente Fox had laid the foundations for a full exercise of human rights.
In this regard, his delegation endorsed the recommendation of the Acting High Commissioner that efforts should be made to create a culture of tolerance and respect for others and not violence.
New laws are needed, but the biggest challenge is not the adoption of laws, but their practical implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the Fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their reduced mobility may prevent them from leaving even when water is contaminated, the land is drying away from mines and the sources of supply are cut off.
Such services should be developed and a social contract that is politically viable.
This statement also seeks to strengthen cooperation with a view to better enforcement of laws, provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and special recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (FATF).
Ms. Knowles (Australia) recalled that approximately one year ago, 88 Australians had died and 202 had been wounded as a result of the Bali terrorist attack.
However, in the exceptional cases where organizations may be established, the relevant decisions must be binding and the establishment of the new institution derives from the mandate of the organization that established it.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (on Second Committee matters)
The BF has been working on specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in the Fiji financial system.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its annual response capacity.
The declaration is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve or refurbish encumbered assets, such as asset repairors, have a security right in the encumbered assets, which generally gives priority to security rights created in the same encumbered assets as security of other receivables.
Poles and other non-lethal equipment
The terms of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP and the corresponding project document relating to the Interim Authority should be expanded as much as necessary;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work done by the United Nations and the specialized agencies in supporting the economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Support to the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsor of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Commending the progress made in revitalizing the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
Among men, the decline is even more evident since the percentage rose from 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, within the manufacturing sector itself, there has been a new distribution of production, which deserted the manufacture of shoes and clothes for the benefit of electronics, engineering and health-related products.
It is proposed that family therapy be provided to families who are in relation to drug abuse or play.
An important initiative was the removal of illegal ships to Armi, which was being carried out jointly with the Land Department.
Land shall be returned to the owners or their heirs as if the State's acquisition had never occurred, provided that the owners state the land in the cadastre within three months of restitution.
In fact, the situation was recognized as unfair vis-à-vis the Maltese donors and the amendments made in 1995 to the Order of 1944 on the Limitation of Housing Facilities, the Housing Awards Ordinance 1959 and the Order of 1931, which regulates the renewal of urban property, do not apply to the lease agreement entered into on 1 June 1995 or after that date the restrictions imposed by the law.
The programme consists of several integrated programmes, which include: pre-achievement services (e.g., the use of traditional flies, the antenatal counselling service, the service of difficult childbirth, the provision of child care, the periodic review of babies, free vaccination, school medicine, the centre of abuse and the evaluation of child development.
The municipal councils are reconfigured and are moving to district clinics, while non-governmental organizations are primarily concerned with the provision of special services to disadvantaged community groups such as persons with disabilities and drug addicts.
The Catholic Church provides its own school buildings and facilities, but also has the responsibility to maintain and fund the possible expansion.
Candidates for academic studies must have successfully undergone the examination of baccalauréat, which simply gives access to the university and must also fulfil the special conditions of admission to certain studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD covers virtually all aspects of the socio-economic and political structures of society, including development planning, sound economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, security, the agricultural sector, health or education, among other fundamental elements of any indicator of progress.
However, the problem we are facing in this regard is that the body mandated by the General Assembly to consider the issue of Security Council reform — that is, the Open-ended Working Group on Council Reform — has not been able to make significant progress since it was established under General Assembly resolution 48/26 in 1993. The Working Group remains at the same time ever before.
1.6 The CTC would appreciate receiving information on the conclusions reached by the Commission established by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Waqfs referred to in pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report with regard to harmonizing existing criminal law with international terrorist offences.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and potential use of United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability” carried out by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Disability of the University of Galway, Ireland, at the request of OHCHR, analyses the provisions of the six United Nations human rights instruments from the perspective of disability and reviews the functioning of the United Nations system on human rights.
State measures 9 - 22 6
In this regard, OHCHR supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the proposed supplement thereto.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or their modification, a simple interpretative declaration, contrary to a regular reservation, may be formulated at any time.
It was also questioned whether unilateral acts should be strictly or extended to certain types of conduct of States that might produce legal effects.
But the 26 million Iraqi people deserve this.
There is an urgent need for the message of the inspectors mandated by the Security Council and for the expected answers.
The inspections cannot continue indefinitely without the prompt, active and effective cooperation of Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the question of Palestine
I believe that the announcement made by President Bush last Friday that the Quartet would present the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible Prime Minister with sufficient authority would be confirmed, is an important step on which we must build.
Accordingly, the Secretary-General's proposals to reduce the additional requirements are limited to those indicated above and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the Commission's guidelines, the Special Rapporteur has consistently paid special attention to the issue of gender-based distinctions.
Requests for approval are registered in a registry (RCA).
The process of ratification of the Convention is being completed.
In expected accomplishment (a), replace “social problems” with “social development problems”.
Malawi would like to see that all States must ensure the defence and promotion of the Court's functions and credibility and that it consolidate its jurisdiction and independence: it must be vigilant in order to achieve the unequivocal commitment of all States; it should also be carefully selected by the officials of the Court, especially the judges whose personal integrity and independence should be above all suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) — The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands notes that the courts of the Netherlands do not consider that most economic and social rights are directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members also have before them document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
It was jointly prepared by the United Nations and national organizations dealing with issues of interest in the sustainable development of oceans and the progress of the oceanography, under the primary responsibility of FAO and under the chairmanship of a steering committee and a technical committee, who coordinated the work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
To meet the needs of the Convention in terms of assessment, the Global Assessment should include an assessment of biodiversity at the ecosystem, species and genes.
Special Unit for Global Policy Review (policy report)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: environment and sustainable development)
She thanked the senior managers for the information provided on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in the management of the human resources of the Organization.
Expert meeting on the definition of environmental goods and services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, however, the poor performance of private enterprises and social discontent are of concern.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of the draft resolution (A/C.3/58.L.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
But policy reforms and capacity-building in developing countries should also be introduced.
The Office has also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations Country Team, as well as with ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The Transfer of Technology and Foreign Investment Act of 1992 had liberalized FDI inflows and ensured the return of profits and capital.
We expect that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and military actions faced by Palestinian civilians, Prime Minister Sharon's Government is working to support the peace process.
The Palestinians want to bring a definitive end to the occupation, with the certainty that they will have a truly viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, as set out in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without distinction of any kind, including sex,
Most of the assistance has been used to provide intensive training to teachers, administrators and evaluators at the provincial level.
The group referred to the various forms of education under article 6 and noted that there were several organized, formal and non-formal activities for children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Awareness (Chairperson: Ms. Višnja Grasović, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauer, Switzerland)
Thus, article 139 of the Penal Code provides that “the conspiracy to commit any of the offences covered in this section shall be punishable by the same penalties as those that affect the effective commission of the act”.
According to article 148 as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001, forced labour shall be punishable by any person who produces, possesses or transports any type of explosive or inflammable material or any toxic, inflammable, inflammatory, infectious, bacteristics, bacteristics, radiological or assimilation, and any component thereof, to commit terrorist acts or to enable others to use them for that purpose.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening the role of the United Nations in enhancing the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and the promotion of democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of United Nations peacekeeping operations
The “E3” Panel found that Van Oord was entitled to compensation for some of its loss of tangible property but recommended that no compensation be awarded for its other claims.
It is further noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this field and its capacity to support the Counter-Terrorism Committee when necessary, the Department for Disarmament Affairs should draw public attention to the risk of the use of weapons of mass destruction in the context of terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that much remains to be done to achieve the objectives and priorities set out therein;
(h) Closed circuit television;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
These included agreements and institutions to improve the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment and Coastal Environment of the South-East Pacific and the Plan of Action thereon; the Convention for the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment of the Wider Caribbean Region and its Protocol on Specially Protected Areas and Wildlife; the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Marine Environment of the Baltic Sea Region;
According to another proposal, the main bodies that were expected to participate in the consideration of the topics of groups should prepare joint reports to the groups at the beginning of the meetings, as a result of which they were devoted to the scope and nature of inter-agency coordination in the areas of treaties, in order to complement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea, which was to continue for distribution before the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In paragraph 19 of the second line, the word “education” should be replaced by the word “information” and, at the fifth line, the words “to provide any available assistance in this regard” should be replaced by the words “Welcomes the invitation extended to the Chairman of the Special Committee to assist in the Constitutional Convention to be held in Tokelau in September 2003”.
On the occasion of a presentation on the effects of structural adjustment on human development made at a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki identified three major features of structural adjustment and stabilization programmes: they are of limited nature; they are a strong part of the capitalism and weaken the power of the State.
Any attempt to link the prohibition of future production and the issue of existing stocks would have the effect of unduly prolonging negotiations and harm nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament.
(a) In the election of additional members, the General Assembly shall respect the following pattern of seats:
According to the World Bank, housing costs increased by 12 per cent during the first 15 months of the second intifada.42, 43
The PCDAR is an implementation agency that reports directly to the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority were given, camp refugees replaced and amended their homes and added them.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea on the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union was also firmly committed to promoting gender equality and empowerment of women and believed that the perspective of gender equality should be integrated into development strategies and policies at all levels, including in the work of the United Nations.
There are currently two women heads of districts in a total of 141.
The World Health Organization employs four women and six men.
Despite the binding nature of the primary school enshrined in the 1991 Constitution, the problems are acute at this level of education.
The success rate was 71 per cent in total and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the area of higher technical education, primary discipline was the following in 1997-98:
Women dominate the trade sector, where the ratio of women to men is 2 to 1, textiles and garment, and the food industry other than rice melting.
According to the study, only 37 per cent of women had already used condoms.
(BSBsD, 1996; Tavares-Sendbergen, etc.
The head of the village is supported by a Deputy, but in a total of 12,491 deputies, only 101 are women.
Our work on small arms has many aspects, but the human aspect must remain our guide.
We also wish to ensure the success in 2004 of the Review Conference to be held in Nairobi, Kenya, which will contribute to achieving that goal.
At the same time, it is important to control weapons and impose restrictions in order to create an adequate balance between legitimate security needs and the unnecessary loss of innocent lives, resulting from irresponsible policies in the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
In addition, she would like to know whether there were any figures showing the number of men and women working in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. Gonzalez asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Reproductive and Sexual Rights referred to in paragraph 420 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Service on Reproductive and Sexual Rights, referred to in paragraph 421, were two distinct or silent institutions and whether they dealt with the rights in themselves or only of health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to consider, within the framework of the negotiation process, the contributions of the United Nations system and relevant international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties will hold regular meetings in accordance with its rules of procedure.
He hoped, however, that each organization represented at the meeting would, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources, where appropriate, have a mechanism to exchange information.
Other business
“Welcomes the decision of the Government of Benin to host a regional preparatory conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Emphasizes the importance of effective measures, including, where appropriate, new financial mechanisms, in support of developing countries' efforts to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, to reduce poverty and to strengthen their democratic systems, while reaffirming the primary responsibility of each country to ensure its own economic and social development and the role of national policies in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Belize, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cyprus, Denmark, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, the Netherlands, Peru, Poland, Portugal, the Russian Federation, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom.
The report of the Secretary-General on improving the status of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, tables 1 to 4).
A woman was appointed to the temporary position of Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (with effect from 1 January 2003) and another was recently appointed Humanitarian Envoy of the Secretary-General for the Crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with effect from 10 January 2003).
The severe severe acute respiratory has shown that regional and international cooperation is essential to address the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives aimed at enhancing the effectiveness and visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the riots that took place in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country appeared to have returned shortly to normal.
There is a need to ensure, through training courses and adequate support, that the standards currently being developed give rise to best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need to take this action;
[(c) [To avoid any doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, inter alia, to rule on all matters arising from or related to the provisions [of subparagraph (b)]];]
Mr. Neser (Sweden) endorsed the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/264);
Expressing grave concern at the continuing Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, United Nations resolutions on the subject and agreements reached between the parties, including the ongoing construction and expansion of the settlements of Djabal Abu Ghounaym and Ras el-Amoud in Occupied East Jerusalem,
International cooperation in the field of environmental protection should focus on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening of relevant institutions for sustainable development at the national, regional and local levels, as this would help developing countries to deal more effectively with climate change problems.
To ensure environmental sustainability, global environmental conventions must be supported by universal support.
Encourages Member States in the region to continue their efforts by adopting the necessary laws or regulations to ensure the effective implementation of the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement a system such as Sédoc, due consideration should be given to the organization of the Secretariat as set out in Secretary-General's bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5, dated 12 September 1997, whereby (sect. 1) “The Secretariat, which is one of the principal organs of the United Nations, has its headquarters in New York.
Level 5 is granted to delegates and allows access to documentation for participants, such as conference room papers (CRP), in addition to documents available at level 4.
In reviewing the websites of the organizations or agencies whose official documents are posted on the Sédoc, it was noted that some of them did not indicate that the documents were available through that system.
The initial system has responded to needs for nearly 10 years, which is much seen by the rapid pace of technological innovation.
The identification of these identifiers should sometimes be carried out manually; the task is laborious and takes considerable time (from 3 to 6 months) and it represents an additional workload when staff resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, on 5, 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some are even suspected of assisting others in acquiring weapons of mass destruction, while some would seek to obtain such weapons, or are not able to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Second, there is no doubt that the challenge posed by terrorism as a new and real threat to the international arena, introduces a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
The representatives of 117 States, as well as observers for services of the United Nations Secretariat, United Nations bodies and research institutes, specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme Network and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, attended.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I welcome the work of the Security Council Ad Hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa, the Economic and Social Council Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three areas in which ECLAC wished to act as a matter of priority during the biennium 2004-2005, namely, policies to promote equality and combat poverty in the region; national policies aimed at strengthening the linkages between economic and social development and the current globalization process; and the integration of environmental perspectives into government policies in the region.
The first group met with the plant's Director, who asked about the plant's materials, the problems encountered in production and the impact of production problems.
Expressing its appreciation to those countries that continue to host Afghan refugee populations and at the same time once again calling upon all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations to protect refugees and internally displaced persons and to allow access by international agencies capable of providing assistance and protection to those persons,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Special agreements providing for the annual or longer period of contributions to the budget by the Government of the country where the Centre is located (hereinafter referred to as “the host Government”), by any other member of UNIDO or any intergovernmental organization with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between the Governments or organizations concerned and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They pointed out that the Evaluation Office might dispersed its efforts and might lose efficiency.
Type: Satellite
The following year, Nauru was placed even lower; the members of the Group listed “measures”, not because of the lack of our laws, but because the rules of the game had changed and that we did not have the capacity to oversee the offshore banks registered in Nauru.
In addition to the struggle to ban weapons of mass destruction, it is imperative to address the problem of small arms and light weapons that play a role in conflicts and insecurity in many of our countries.
Unfortunately, it would seem that, for a very small number of Member States, the issue is not a problem of formulation or terminology, but it involves other factors that, very frankly, we have difficulty fully seizing.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1998/Add.1, while taking into account the differences between States in the scope of criminal legislation, including, inter alia, prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornographic material.
Corrigendum
In addition, a number of girls' schools are established and are used as the 12 noon meals to encourage their students not to leave school.
There are no data on the level of illiteracy among rural women.
To be held in eight minutes on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Notes the importance of the ongoing bilateral peace negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security in promoting mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiate a protocol on measures that would reduce the risk of irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of the mandate contained in resolution 57/61, to examine the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO looks forward to working with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national plans of action and form the programme of implementation.
To date, in view of the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the recent meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes have been reached; many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on how to implement all previous commitments and identify new commitments for the full implementation of the objectives of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomed the results of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development, which had significantly clarified the Commission's future methods and programme of work.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that have participated in these difficult consultations in recent months, whose will and dedication have enabled us to adopt the resolution today.
The overall management of judicial reform and review remains the responsibility of the National Transitional Government of Liberia, with assistance provided by international organizations of experts under the leadership of the United Nations through the knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[In the case of afforestation or reforestation project activities under the CDM for which CERs are issued,] a designated operational entity shall periodically verify and certify that appropriate assurance is in progress during the period under review. ]
Amphetamine continues to be manufactured mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should focus on ensuring that all their services work together and pool their resources and knowledge to combat drug trafficking.
This management and use approach is also essential for the quality of extended grazing land and soil conservation.
Annex II
The State of Victoria (Australia) assists the Fiji Police in the use of razed pistols and provides training materials on road safety.
If those who use the traffickers deliberately do so, they are at risk of ill-treatment during their per cent, including extortion by corrupt representatives of immigration authorities or other law enforcement officials.
It was to be hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in the field of peace and security would renew the concept of cooperation of all countries in favour of peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of General Assembly resolution 377 (V) adopted in 1950.
The crew of the “Shenzou”, whose name is to say “Solin” in China, has stolen in space and is healthy, except on Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the recent killing, violence and other human rights violations and atrocities committed in Bunia, as well as the attacks against the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and the internally displaced persons who have been refugees in the Mission's premises, and reaffirms that such acts will not remain unpunished and that their perpetrators will be held accountable.
Appendix A
Under the operative paragraphs of the second draft resolution entitled “Model legislative provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on privately financed infrastructure projects”, the General Assembly would appreciate the successful completion by the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law of the preparation and adoption of model legislative provisions, request the Secretary-General to issue them and recommend that all States take due consideration of the model legislative provisions and the Legislative Guide.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/515)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, Rwanda, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court pronounced against him in public hearings a term of six years' imprisonment and six months of the head of tax fraud and a violation of the obligation to hold an accounting.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Subject of reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, Chair of the SBI, and Mr. Halldor Thorgeirsson, Chair of the SBSTA, presented the objectives of each of the workshops and indicated the expected results.
The workshop, which was intended for officials from Asian countries responsible for preparing the reports requested under article 18 of the Convention, focused primarily on those States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
As the economic situation had subsequently improved, the Government had adopted a two-pronged approach to gender mainstreaming in its strategies and to develop gender-sensitive policies and programmes that would enable it to address gender discrimination more systematically.
It also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns be conducted for parliamentarians, including the judiciary and the legal professions.
In view of all these elements, I would like once again to request the Council to consider carefully the international measures that will ensure the necessary security for the progress of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I wish to reiterate the commitment of the Government of Kenya to fully implement the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other relevant international instruments.
The Secretary-General estimates that the Institute's expenditures for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including salaries for the nine existing posts (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service) would amount to $970,300, respectively.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has proved to be effective in terms of time-bound economies, efforts and resources.
(b) Such guidelines will be incorporated into the guidelines on programme presentations for 2004, and will include, as recommended in the audit of staff training, direct costs for the design, development and implementation of training activities funded from the administrative budget, and training projects managed by the Staff Development Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution as a whole (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document is composed of three parties.
Compilation and synthesis of views on actions taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priorities needs and actions taken by Annex II Parties to implement decisions 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE can, within its verification mandate, ensure that the parties discharge their security responsibilities vis-à-vis the employees of the sub-contractors of the Boundary Commission working in the field and intervene in extreme situations to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs indicated in this document are simply indicative.
However, only eight countries, against the 19 target, reached their completion point in mid-2003.
On 22 October 2003, between midnight and 0015 hours, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea off Beirut (at 20 miles of the coast), circled over Jubayl and west of Shakka, at 11 miles of the coast.
On the same date, at 2149 hours, an Israeli military launch fired a flare bomb in the waters described above.
The Secretariat should strictly abide by the six-week rule for the issuance of documents, as well as all relevant resolutions and regulations of the General Assembly, in particular the texts that the United Nations should refrain from publishing documents on paper or on its website until they are available in all the official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation had never been more favourable to women than in 2003.
Scotland will consider in the near future the possibility of extending the scope of these prohibitions.
The annual budget for childcare services for 2003-2004 will be more than threefold in 2000-2001 and these additional funds are mostly earmarked for the most disadvantaged areas.
As part of the priorities of action for 2002-2003, the target of a participation rate of 72 per cent by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was set.
Objectives have been set for reducing unwanted pregnancies among teenage mothers, and measures are being taken to improve communication, promote education and provide women with user-friendly services.
According to the Health Scottish Plan adopted in December 2000, Our National Health: a plan of action for change, NHS must ensure that health workers are able, professionally and culturally, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The Directors of all NHS organisations in Scotland have also personally committed themselves to implementing this programme by signing the Leadership Challenge of the Commission for Racial Equality (Commission on the Equal Status of Women).
Coordinated efforts have been made to improve services in rural areas, such as schools, police, day-care posts and day-care services.
The Service is developing a partnership project with advisory bodies, which could involve the electronic links between the proposed business centres, courtrooms and the complainant.
A strategy is currently being developed, with two major objectives: to reach more women and children and to raise awareness about their options for security and protection; and to reduce social tolerance of such offences to be excused, tolerated or ignored.
In this context, we believe that, as was said at the last session of the Committee 661, an emergency plan to accelerate this process of renegotiation of the financial amendments to these contracts is needed.
We hope that all the issues highlighted by the head of the Office of the Iraq Programme, in his report to the Council on 29 September, as still outstanding or not agreed, can be fully resolved in order to ensure that this transfer can be carried out in the best conditions and in a timely manner.
It may be useful to foresee the consequences of universal ratification of treaties now, as Mr. Philip Alston has already tried to do as an independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the disappointing facts and the serious difficulties that must be overcome and overcome if, as provided for in the Millennium Declaration, we are to take a lasting peace and achieve sustainable development.
Table 2
In a democracy, the majority of Canadians have a responsibility to choose the rules to which they wish to join and, in recent years, the majority of Canadians have shown that they wanted to be less violent, both in real life and in the media.
Research has shown that, in relation to crime issues, there is a need, for financial reasons, to reverse and focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided that the term of office of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November following the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted by consensus resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of the present report).
The Court's proposed budget is based on the Court's primary purpose, namely, to conduct fair public trials within a reasonable time.
A second technician maintains the database of the Office of the Prosecutor and provides all necessary technical support for the daily use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, which is guided by the same functional approach as that used in other major programmes, is intended to ensure the greatest possible effectiveness through the establishment of a common set of services at both the judicial branch and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions involve the establishment of three separate subgroups within the Victims Participation and Compensation Unit in 2004, namely, the Participation Subgroup, the Compensation Subgroup and the Victims' Subgroup.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and Documentation Section
Performance indicators
• Travel (including those of security officers for the Prosecutor, the President, judges and deputies travelling to high-risk areas): €952,691
It would also provide advice on internal legal issues relating to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Deputy Executive Director explained that the amount of the contribution was only one aspect of the calculation: if the other two criteria — payment and contributions to thematic funds — were satisfied, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
He also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the pre-eminence of the law and wished to have more details on that issue.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not the modification of an existing reservation, but the formulation of an entirely new reservation.
The Office has prepared a comprehensive document on legal and judicial reform, which updates progress made over the past 10 years, in preparation for the mid-term meeting of the Donors' Advisory Group, to be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also emphasize the need for more intensive use of peaceful settlement measures, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
In reviewing peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be advised on how to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society activists; the new measures have been the subject of a relatively strong consensus within the Government coalition and it is hoped that the regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28 as at 31 January and 29 and 30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are critical to the sustainability of the human case and the environment. Our traditional knowledge systems must be respected, encouraged and protected; our collective intellectual property rights must be recognized and guaranteed, without the free, prior and informed consent of traditional knowledge holders, traditional knowledge holders, such knowledge should not become a public domain, and cultural and intellectual property protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further clarification and proposals regarding the structure during the intersessional period.
It can be increased from 5 to 10 years, and the fine of 50,000 to 1,000 FCFA if it is established that the perpetrator usually surrendered to this activity.
- 1 Under-Secretary-General;
The Civil Code, which regulates family relations, proclaims in Articles 78 and 80 that the human person is subject to the right from birth and to death, and has the enjoyment and exercise of all private rights unless otherwise provided.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been put in place to ensure the effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of land-based entry, permission to enter may be obtained at the border with immigration and border delegations.
Annex
There are no such differences between men and women in other diplomatic ranks.
The recognition of the values and potential of assistance that non-governmental organizations can provide to government institutions is reflected in the Croatian Government's Programme of Cooperation with the non-governmental sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Belize) said that Taiwan's exclusion from the United Nations violated the principles of universality and self-determination enshrined in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
Concern was also expressed that the inclusion of “or undertakes to perform” would not make the definition too broad.
However, concern was expressed that variant B did not expressly mention the responsibility of the carrier and that paragraph (1) indicated that the carrier was “undered by its responsibility” without first defining that responsibility.
The Working Group as a whole approved the substance of the paragraph.
* “Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Gabon, India, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sudan, Sri Lanka, Swaziland, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, Togo, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current question, the United Nations must continue to play an equally vital role in other situations of tension, such as, in particular, the question of Palestine.
It is the Iraqi regime that it has always been responsible for avoiding war.
I would like to highlight the valuable contributions made by many speakers before me, who have greatly enriched our debate on this very important issue.
My delegation has listened carefully to the statements made by the Member States of the United Nations during this debate.
A starting point could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that he believes should guide our decisions on the future of Iraq.
The Security Council brings and will continue to bear the primary responsibility for global peace and international security.
My Government has been fully committed to and will continue to do so in the fight against international terrorism.
We must be aware that there are always peoples living under foreign occupation and under international law are entitled to resist such occupation.
We also take further steps to enhance cooperation in this field with other Central Asian States.
The report states:
Special allocations for the “resident coordinator support line” of programming arrangements will continue to be used in support of coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3 above, the Administrator provides in his budget proposals for the funding of the funds administered by UNDP, separate funds that are subject separately to approval by the Executive Board.
It will transmit to its partners the lessons learned and confirmed practices to ensure that their policies and programmes respond to the concerns of poor women, those affected and infected HIV/AIDS, those in conflict and post-conflict situations and those otherwise excluded from participation in decisions affecting their lives and choices.
This proposal does not, therefore, envisage a reduction in the collection rate to take into account interest earned, which currently stands at approximately 2 per cent.
The maximum support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 was $7.3 million.
In order to compare with changes in the volume of approved activities for the current budget period, the increase or decrease is expressed using the same coefficients used for approval of the appropriation.
Urban Secretariat
Burkina Faso indicated that it had begun the process of ratification.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter of 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report from Indonesia submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of items before the Council is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
reforestation and afforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization had resulted in a decline in government revenues as a result of declining tariffs and taxes, resulting in a reduction in public spending, especially in the social sector.
Clarification was sought regarding the joint Commission on Human Rights/WTO group proposed by the independent expert; some delegations stressed the need for human rights issues, including the right to development, to be considered in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, and said that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, the above-mentioned delegations called for enhanced South-South cooperation, trade and regional integration.
One speaker expressed the view that the working group itself was already a follow-up mechanism and that there was a need for further consideration of national studies and experiences and the implementation of the outcome of United Nations conferences.
In this context, the working group believed that States should, inter alia, strive to eliminate protectionist barriers to exports from developing countries and remove in some economic sectors subsidies that adversely affected exports from developing countries.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate this work, including by making recommendations, as appropriate.
The group asked the project manager about the water treatment methodology, the quantities of chlorine consumed every year, the quantities of chlorine, the number of employees and the entities providing chlorine.
Lastly, he stressed the importance of effective, responsible and predictable collaboration in that area.
Case studies
Again, the use of the veto, on 14 October, prevented the adoption of a resolution that was considered by all as balanced — a resolution that only called upon Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by force and to consider that the separation wall was illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its multi-year leadership development programmes, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, has promoted national leadership in a number of countries — Cambodia, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal, South Africa and Swaziland — as well as in the Caribbean region.
Table 10
Analysis and valuation 287 84
Iraq's written response to this claim can be summarized as follows:
These instruments include the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons Tests in the Atmosphere, Outer Space and Water (the Partial Test-Ban Treaty), the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT).
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and implemented on 23 June 1961, established the first Continental Shelf.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to join the consensus reached in the draft resolution.
Iraq had subsequently recognized that it had not paid attention to those changes.
I think that if we are honest, we must recognize that the end of the innocence has come, no need for them.
The final part presents the conclusions.
General implications: It is possible to achieve development and to combat poverty only if there are gaps in productivity within and between countries through the mobilization of expertise, know-how, technology and information in developing countries with a view to equitable and sustainable development.
Therefore, institutional capacity-building, skills development and entrepreneurship promotion are also critical to the success and impact of UNIDO technical cooperation programmes; in this context, it is proposed that a new approach be developed here for UNIDO's technical cooperation activities, which should allow for a more focused and efficient use of the experience and expertise of the professionals whose services are provided in the eight modules of the services.
The German-German Treaty on the Establishment of a Monetary, Economic and Social Union entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German-German Agreement on Preparations and organization throughout Germany on the first election to the Bundestag on 3 September 2005.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights are binding at the national level, as a result of the ratification of these instruments, but also because, under article 25 of the Basic Law, they have authority over ordinary laws and directly create rights and obligations for the inhabitants of the Federal territory, to the extent that they may be interpreted as general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties have devoted a separate chapter to the issue of public participation (Australia, New Zealand, Sweden), but many have addressed the issue from another perspective, regarding the participation of NGOs and policymakers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) or as a general principle (Italy).
Others believe that participation includes public participation in the development of plans, programmes and policies related to climate change issues (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict, it is essential to maintain a minimum of environmental cooperation in order to safeguard natural resources and to prevent the health of people from being threatened and the environment is permanently degraded.
In considering the construction of new sewage treatment facilities, it would be necessary to foresee the reuse of these waters.
The quality of sewage discharged into the needs, watercourses and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be in conformity with the most recent international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo II Agreement, the facility in Ramat Hovav in Israel should be used.
Second performance report
Mr. Barriga (Liechtenstein) said that the past year had been a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including by improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as by introducing multilingualism and teaching of indigenous languages and cultures to promote better intercultural understanding.
After receiving further information and clarifications, the Committee considered the question at several formal and informal meetings, and several proposals on how to address this problem were submitted by the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland respectively.
First, all individuals have a duty to assist the public, in accordance with their means, in fully fulfilling its fundamental role.
Rule 12
(g) It is important to ask special rapporteurs and representatives to take up the functions assigned to them and to refrain from addressing subjects beyond their competence.
The Committee considers that the special information programme on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has been instrumental in informing the media and public opinion on the situation.
The Arabs have sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, which, as indicated in the report of the Secretary-General, will remain a fundamental element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the costs of this first Review Conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by the States parties and non-parties to the Convention participating in them, in accordance with the United Nations scale, as appropriate.
(a) Concern was expressed that there was a high level of General Service staff in the regional commissions compared to the Professional and higher categories and requested the Secretary-General to report to the Commission at its fifty-seventh session, as appropriate;
(c) The ratio of General Service staff not included in the functions of secretariat/Professional and above-mentioned offices, and therefore the need for support, is based on the local situation and the development of infrastructure and trade services in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children died.
It is probably the first time, since the Cuban missile crisis, that the peoples of the world take the opportunity to take the two options around a crisis of this gravity, i.e., a diplomatic solution, therefore peaceful, is a war, with the very consequences of such an act for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
It is in the interest of the Iraqi people.
For example, in two months of work on the ground, it should be noted that thanks to the cooperation of the Iraqi authorities, the inspectors had easy access to more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private homes.
Indigenous peoples and communities are not deprived of their means of subsistence or are evicted from the lands they occupy, in violation of Convention No. 169.
They do not take disciplinary measures or other measures against workers or others who have filed a complaint or have claimed that they do not comply with the Norms;
Thirdly, he stressed the need to change his positions and explore every possibility of finding a fair compromise.
Introduction
Greece
and
In accordance with the Instructions for the Registry (art. 26-30), a preliminary draft budget is prepared by the Registrar.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Afghanistan, Algeria, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Barbados, Belize, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Chile, China, Cyprus, Comoros, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Cuba, Djibouti, Egypt, Ethiopia, Gabon, Guinea-Bissau, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malawi, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malawi, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Nicaragua, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Nicaragua, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Republic, Libyan Arab
What Syria requests — or anyone in this Hall — to listen to the voice of wisdom is a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
His delegation wished to know why the establishment of a senior management body was an essential element in advancing the major organizational reforms aimed at strengthening the international civil service (A/57/30, para.
The European Union agreed with the recommendation of the Commission in its report (A/57/30) concerning the maximum amount of admissible educational expenses and education grant in countries and the monetary zones listed in paragraph 14 (a) and (b) and the recommendation on the lump-sum reimbursement and additional reimbursement of boarding costs (para. 14 (c)).
All parties attended the weekly meetings and reacted promptly to incidents.
The total bank deposits have increased steadily, registering an increase of 6 per cent over the past six months.
This time in history requires reflection, introduction and action.
Mexico believes that genuine reform must be based on five very specific guidelines.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration - from developing countries and least developed countries in all regions - has been gradually expanded to services.
Purpose and Objectives
However, where this amount is too high, it may have a deterrent effect and run counter to the objective of convenient, economic and rapid access to insolvency proceedings.
To add the estate to the encumbered assets may generally increase the availability of credit, as secured creditors would have assurance that their real rights would not be injured by the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The assets that the debtor has received during this period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The desirability of measures to protect the value of the encumbered assets may have to be balanced with their potential complexity and cost, and the need for the court to be able to make difficult commercial decisions regarding such protection.
Automatic termination clauses
In order to achieve greater transparency in the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clarify in the law the limitations imposed on the powers of the insolvency representative regarding the types of contract discussed in this section.
However, even if this approach is taken, it may be possible for the insolvency representative to initiate proceedings to recover assets or value equivalent to the counterparty when the latter does not return them.
As noted above, however, a total desertion may disrupt the business and hinder its continued exploitation at a critical stage of survival.
The following list does not claim to be exhaustive and, in some cases, functions will overlap or not be relevant because of the provisions of the insolvency law.
As a general rule, the committee will act on behalf of creditors: its functions will therefore be directly related to the general functions entrusted to them, as described above.
Where a creditor committee is established (and it recruits professionals), this obligation may be enforced by requiring its members (and professionals) to sign confidentiality agreements.
Some of them raise general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan should give a clear and precise profile to all parties of the financial situation of the debtor and the amendments to certain rights proposed therein, or set minimum requirements, such as that the plan should foresee the payment of certain privileged claims.
In practice, the deadline may be from 10 to 45 days (see chap.
The recommendations on the notice of the commencement provide for the protection of the debtor by requiring that the application for commencement be notified to it and by providing it with the opportunity to rebut the presumption.
For example, the ILO Convention on the Protection of Claims of Workers in the Insolvency of their Employers, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the setbacks in this area.
With regard to the latter, the programme is responsible for providing support to the Economic and Social Council and the interaction between the Council and the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination.
On 6 December, the Chair circulated a draft presidential statement welcoming the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, introduced the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force over the past six months (S/2002/1328).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained the required majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the appointment of Mr. Collen Vixen Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Narcisse Ahounou (Côte d'Ivoire) as members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in order.
The Together Foundation is proud to provide effective electronic communication services that enable G-77 to meet its growing information and communication needs.
It is a permanent forum in which institutions of higher education can discuss important issues and problems in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002) seminar organized in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (one hundred participants);
Private sector fund-raising strategies
The social fabric is shattered and women and girls are vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, adult ex-combatants were the only people to be the subject of our attention.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations disseminates a comprehensive training manual “Gender and peacekeeping” in peacekeeping missions and Member States.
This needs to be done more in post-conflict and reconstruction situations.
The international community should take appropriate measures to provide relief and compensation to them.
Web sites President of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
For 12 years, Saddam Hussein has denied the resolutions of the Security Council.
We are now in a rapidly growing phase, supported by a strong research and development programme, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the relevant resolutions adopted by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the latest of which was resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
According to estimates, the one-week reduction in the duration of annual sessions is to be translated into an economy of $228,300, at full cost, for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include ensuring the realization of the right to water without discrimination of any kind and requiring that measures to ensure their effective implementation be systematic, concrete and targeted.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties and the Regional Bureau may, where necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information11.
Add a new subparagraph (f):
“(a) Aerosolics is a matter of division 2.1 if the content contains more than 85 per cent in mass, inflammable components and if the chemical heat of combustion is equal or more than 30 kJ/g;
“For the United Nations 3175, the test of magicity is not required when the liquid is entirely absorbing in a solid solid content in a sealed bag.
P903 Add the following paragraph after "Blackages satisfactory to the test level of packing group II.
4.1.9.2.1 Replace "Indicators of type 1 (type IP-1) with "Indicators of type 2 (type IP-2)" and "Indicators of type 3 (type IP-3), with "Code-type IP-1" and "P-2" respectively.
Paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.7 become 6.1.4.6 to 6.1.4.6 and 6.1.4.8 and 6.1.4.8.1 become 6.1.4.7 and 6.1.4.7.1, respectively.
6.2.2.6.3 Management of the quality system
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kuenyehia pointed out that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women who were victims of trafficking were immediately evicted from Switzerland and that, as a result, they could not testify against the perpetrators of the offences.
By engaging with the support of the international community in ensuring peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to build NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without wishing to support the related evils of patrimonism, we can argue that it has been used successfully to ensure development and stability in other countries and regions.
While there has been some progress over the past two years, the amount remains far below the level of the 1990s.
The firm commitment of the international community, from the floor to action, and the continued and responsible leadership of Africa, working in a sustained manner to the sustainable development of the continent, will help to ensure the success of NEPAD.
It is the first legally binding international treaty on the trade in biotechnological products.
• Grounds for the release of organic pollutants and nutrient from ad hoc sources;
Table 6
As indicated in the latest report of the Secretary-General, good note was taken, in the review of cooperation activities undertaken by the White Helmets Commission in 1999, of the implementation of the White Helmets formula and the experience gained in that regard.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the Chairman (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, become A/AC.268/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a member of United Nations civilian personnel who died in the service of peace, excluding those who died of natural causes or accident, after the effective date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, combating trafficking by sea, law enforcement cooperation and training);
Rule 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that the officers of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs shall remain in office until the election of their successors and shall be eligible for re-election.
(c) The COPAC should conduct research on cooperative models to demonstrate in what conditions it works best and can be used in innovative ways and to create ways to share best practices and experience.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had drawn up at the end of others expressed preference for the proposal made by the member States of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC). All delegations noted the significant concessions already made in that regard.
Thus, there is a risk of overlap and duplication.
The family, which is the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for the development and well-being of all its members, must be protected and receive the necessary assistance to assume its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; murder, rafles, destruction and detention are the product of these children who lack access to education and medical care.
Their current situation under the Israeli occupation is far from a “world fit for children”.
We express our hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its broad range of activities will help to achieve the desired objectives of this draft resolution.
(a) To pay special attention to the protection of refugee children, especially unaccompanied minors, and internally displaced children at risk of being abducted or forced to participate in armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
Child protection problems, especially sexual abuse and exploitation, were the main obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West and Central Africa reported that several countries in the region were in the process of drafting legislation to provide more severe penalties for traffickers.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (non-governmental organizations) has already been established.
UNICEF is developing two strategies to combat HIV/AIDS.
The programme budget for the current biennium and section 24, Human rights, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
The provision would include 12 military advisers/ Liaison Officers ($4880,200); 8 civilian police advisers ($255,400); 1,159 international staff, 143 national staff and 737 Local level), representing a total increase of 12 posts, resulting from a net decrease of 27 international and 21 national staff posts ($8,400); and an increase of 60).
Review of the programme of work: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
I wish to draw the attention of the members of the Council to the following documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letters dated 2 June and 24 July 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General; and S/2003/685 and S/2003/698, letters dated 2 July and 9 July 2003 respectively, from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations.
“I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Group of States of the Islamic Conference at the United Nations, to request the Security Council to invite Mr. Ahmad Hajihoseini, Deputy Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, Chargé d'affaires a.i. to submit a briefing to the Council under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure, entitled “The Middle East”.
But the effect is the same: annexation.
The fear is still very bad counsel and is an artificial solution to the problems Israel faces.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs of Norway would like to reiterate this unequivocal condemnation at his meeting with President Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories, as well as the excessive use of force against innocent Palestinians, also cause despair.
However, it also noted the different views expressed in the Working Group regarding the form and scope of the instrument, its basic principles and some of its main characteristics.
The Working Group agreed to recommend to the Secretariat that suggestions to expand the scope of the study should also include obstacles to electronic commerce that might arise from other instruments proposed for inclusion, and to consider with those organizations the modalities for carrying out the necessary studies, taking into account the constraints that might be placed on the Secretariat's current workload.
Business that exercises legitimate business activities should not be at risk of disclosing their identity or place of business.
(i) To further reduce non-strategic nuclear weapons that are transparent, verifiable and irreversible, on the basis of unilateral initiatives and in the process of nuclear arms reduction and disarmament;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal accession to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and ban any action that would undermine its commitment to preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The deputies of the State Duma state that, when considering the documents to be submitted to them for ratification on the participation of Latvia in the Agreement on Partnership and Cooperation between the Russian Federation, on the one hand, and the European communities and their member States, of others, they will determine whether they should be ratified according to the fact that Latvia would comply with its national human rights obligations.
She would also like to know whether the Government was promoting the training of women's organizations.
Science and technology as the basis for sustainable forest management
Second, knowledge from case studies should be used to develop indicators for different stress factors that are both specific and scientifically sound.
Date and place
The Chairman: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 expressed the wish that the text be adopted by the Committee without a vote.
This simplified interface allows access not only to the database but also to other information available on the website.
Section II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Policy coordination
Recognizing the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
Pilot projects had been approved for two of the Territories and their implementation would be subject to careful consideration to determine whether they could be implemented elsewhere.
The Supreme Council of the Judiciary shall select, in addition to the candidates listed in article 3, paragraph 5, between two candidates whose names are also communicated by the Secretary-General, who shall serve as an international judge and the alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
KUFP's claim for Sudi El Kilani 56 - 95 22
KAFCO assessed the fuel Jet A-1 at its replacement cost in May 1991, based on the average price of the purchased quantities.
The production profile used after that date is based on the annual production rate estimated in 1994, although real output figures are available today.
Ms. Pham Thi Nga (Viet Nam) said that, in order to explain her delegation's position, the draft resolution lacked objectivity and did not reflect the progress made in protecting and promoting human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is strangled at the request of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the international community for the establishment of an international criminal tribunal for its country with a view to ending violence and impunity.
Last November, Esther Ghalia, the mother of seven children, was shot during a terrorist attack in the same neighbourhood.
They are essential for a comprehensive settlement.
As soon as the international community has endorsed the road map accepted by the Israeli and Palestinian sides, its implementation requires genuine political will to achieve the final goal, namely the two-State solution envisaged by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive signs that have recently indicated a revival of the political process, Israeli settlement policies and the continuing construction of the separation wall are contrary to all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while we must recognize that one of the sources of this tragedy lies in the despair of some peoples, the victims of the frustrations and the intolerable injustices that delay being addressed.
On the other hand, Iran does not intend to have a nuclear weapons programme.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral use of military force, in contravention of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage countries, individually, to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, the States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons under article VI committed themselves to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion strategy of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of these indictees may have died and others may never be arrested.
In addition, following a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution now defines the family as an entity based on the equality of spouses.
The plan provides for the establishment of village development committees, which must include at least one woman among their members and are responsible for the implementation of the project at the village level.
We are ready to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal to ensure that these trials take place.
With regard to the question raised by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and rapid transfer would allow cases to be completed in a timely manner, as the President said, the judicial process was not readily predictable.
Subregional level
Therefore, the solutions that would prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes are the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, in the first place of nuclear weapons.
In the area of export competition, it was proposed to reduce export subsidies and credits, but with no objective or precise timetable.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment by the Community of the Business Women's Network to empower women, including by facilitating women's access, in good conditions, to commercial and technical credit and training;
Such a project is under way in the mountains of Central Asia.
Identification
Contents
Some participants stressed the need to explore the possibility of establishing an international stabilization fund that would play the role of the insurance mechanism to help deal with losses arising from the implementation of response measures.
Recognizing the importance of collaboration among the sponsoring agencies of the Global Climate Observing System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty be abolished from the penal sanctions laws of both Republics and explicitly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish an open-ended working group to consider ways to improve the predictability of funding.
In particular, reference was made to the proposed provision concerning the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions would inflict considerable material and financial damage to third States.
It would be desirable to temporarily suspend sanctions in case of extraordinary circumstances or force majeure (natural disasters, threats of famine, widespread disorder leading to the disruption of the country's administration), in order to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe.
Accordingly, the need for temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered on a case-by-case basis.
The sponsor delegation has proposed the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergency situations and in the case of force majeure in order to prevent a humanitarian disaster, and should be decided on a case-by-case basis.” In this suggestion, the view was expressed that it did not satisfactorily address the idea that such a provision might not be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already provided for in the sanctions regime.
It was further noted that the last principle (sect. 5 above) raised a major problem of codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be opportune for the International Law Commission to become aware of it and that the Sixth Committee was discussing it.
Transparency will remain the hallmark of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
As a result, despite the slight changes recommended by the Group of Governmental Experts this year, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States have remained unchanged; they feel that the scope of the Register should be expanded, in particular as the experience of past years has shown that it, which is limited to seven categories of conventional arms, will not attract universal participation.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help to strengthen our rule of law achievements.
For my delegation, this is a historic opportunity, as the first time the Republic of San Marino takes the floor in the Security Council.
Further decides that the bureau of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee shall consist of five representatives of Member States elected in accordance with the principle of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors raised a number of points regarding the liquidation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1n), para.
Please indicate, as appropriate, how your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and conclusion
Source: The Hague Conference, Reports of Conventions, Convention No. 2 (available at www.hcch.net/f/conventions/text02f.html).
The obstacles to women's full and full participation in political life are rather rooted in the traditional attitudes of society; there is indeed some resistance on the part of men to the role of women in decision-making.
The trial of another Kosovo Serb, accused of being the instigator of the April riots in Mitrovica, commenced on 22 November.
Research activities using sworld and balon rockets, as well as ESA space missions, are designed and carried out by research teams in Esrange in the areas of plasmas physics, astronomy, atmospheric chemistry and science of materials.
UNCTAD's work in the area of trade and development was not intended to duplicate the work of other organizations, but to examine the relationship between trade and development in an objective and integrated manner from a development perspective in order to facilitate and strengthen the processes and negotiations in other forums.
The pilot phase had already enabled capacity-building for the Somali disarmament, demobilization and reintegration institutions.
Target audience: All reviewers.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the Executive Board at its seventh session on the steps taken to implement the present decision.
“ Villages”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are not in a position to protect is at your disposal.
The Commission on Human Rights must play an essential role in the process of improving the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other interested entities, both public and private, as well as multilateral agencies, to continue to contribute, on a voluntary or as appropriate basis in accordance with their mandates, to activities related to the development and implementation of action programmes to combat desertification in all affected regions;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that addressing the issue at a meeting of the expanded bureau seemed to be a strange solution, since the views expressed by the expanded bureau, meeting informally, would not necessarily reflect the views of the Commission as a whole.
(iv) All known and projected expenditures relating to the representative duly authorized by the Secretary-General to serve on the International Advisory and Monitoring Board for the period of six months defined above, after which such expenses shall be borne by the United Nations;
Its action against terrorism using weapons of mass destruction will also be in line with the three-step programme framework of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee, thus creating the necessary legal framework for counter-terrorism, thereby strengthening the executive machinery for the implementation of legislation and the development of international counter-terrorism cooperation.
Its production base remains close and limited.
Despite the great periods of hope of achieving a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been the scene of armed confrontation in other phases and periods that have had profound implications and implications for the peace efforts of Egypt with objectivity and determination, raising all opportunities to achieve a just and comprehensive peace for the countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also urges States to take all appropriate measures to protect the cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the lack of effective flag State control exposes the maritime sector to perpetrators of arms smuggling and drug and diamond trafficking, etc.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
In times of war, by the territorial courts of armed forces and military tribunals”.
The participants were 115 of 59 countries, including representatives of government agencies, international organizations, consumer organizations, trade and industry.
The TEMPORARY PRESIDENT said that he had been honoured to chair the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Board, which had coincided with a period of greater stability after four years of reform.
Ghana, in spite of financial constraints, has undertaken to fulfil its financial obligations to the Organization.
Venue of regular sessions
If the President ceases to be a representative of a member of the Governing Council or is unable to perform his or her functions, or if the member State whose representative is a member of the Governing Council, the Bureau shall designate one of the Vice-Presidents as Acting President until a new President has been elected by the Governing Council.
The role of poverty and its impact on the entire population was highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
The abolition of 57 products and the streamlining of publications was welcomed.
The Committee recommended the dissolution of the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus, as long ago it cannot agree on how to implement its programme of work and that it is unable to carry out its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that the proposed programme budget of UNHCR was presented as a grant to streamline the relationship between the Office of the High Commissioner and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The strategy of subprogramme 2 should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and its outcome be submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women for consideration and action, as appropriate.
The documents before the Working Group are listed in annex II.
A minority representative recommended autonomy for the Ogonis people in a specific region of Nigerian territory, explaining that this would promote socio-economic development and full participation of Ogonis in the control of resources.
The term “new minorities” was not accepted by all, and its use required further discussion and reflection.
Training courses for minorities should be encouraged to learn to take advantage of human rights mechanisms and the development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
There seems to be a new consensus on the role of the public sector in the field of energy for sustainable development (e.g. setting the objectives of public policies, setting priorities and directing markets), while bearing in mind that market forces will not alone address the energy poverty of developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
At present, the approach could be described as “process”: some provisions of the Convention had been transformed into specific laws.
(c) The two C-160, Turkish military aircraft coming from the FIR of Ankara, entered the FIR of Nicosia, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the occupied area of Cape Apostolos Andreas before leaving them in the direction of the east, thus leaving them in the opposite direction.
There is a long-term need for political will.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and most recently Liberia, demonstrate the full success of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes in emergency situations, of increasingly complex peace operations involving multiple partners in the field.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Moreno Ocampo, has come to our office in Geneva to discuss with us possible areas of collaboration.
These words are the best tribute to the work done by MONUC.
Mr. Pujalte (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): At the outset, Sir, I would like to thank your delegation for having included such an important issue as that of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the Council's agenda.
An ecosystem approach involves the expansion of functions and processes in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
Intergovernmental Panel on Forests process
(iii) Possible action to reduce risks, in particular political risks, faced by investors in the environmentally sustainable management of forests in emerging economies;
Only the United States did so when it offered money to Iranian nationals after United States missiles had shot down an Iranian commercial aircraft over Iran.
Train students in knowledge management, in particular those related to accounting
(b) Systems analysis and design techniques (This item, dealing with computer-related issues, is dealt with in module 3.
The Government of Israel is headed by a notorious terrorist, Ariel Sharon, who, according to two officers who participated in the massacre of Kafr Qassem in 1956, ordered the burning of Palestinian children in their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General, when preparing the budget for conference services, to ensure that the resources provided for under general temporary assistance are available to meet the full demand for services estimated on the basis of current experience;
Paragraph (2) would be very close to the current paragraph 2 of model provision 32 and therefore read as follows: “A expropriation of land that may be required for the implementation of the project shall be carried out in accordance with ...”; it would be followed by the formula that is currently in square brackets in paragraph 2 of model provision 32, possibly with a reference to regulatory adjustments.
A second term might be added to the French version.
Model provision 33, as amended, is approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY] Annex II
(f) That, as proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of their liberty must be released in such a way as to ensure valid verification that they have actually been released and, in addition, released under conditions that guarantee their physical integrity and the opportunity to claim their rights;
The study revealed that the way in which the Secretariat's administrative services operate does not allow for the full use of technology opportunities or the adoption of the most modern practices similar to other organizations.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General pursuant to the request contained in General Assembly resolution 57/110 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar in order to bring Myanmar to a transition to a civil regime, and to ensure that both people have full and free access to Myanmar and that all persons cooperating with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are not subject to any form of intimidation, harassment or repression;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/... of ... April 2003, endorses the decision of the Commission to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a further year, as set out in Commission resolution 1992/58 of 3 March 1992, and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.”
• Serious consideration should be given to the dismantling of large State-owned mining companies such as Gecamines and MIBA ( Bakwanga Minister).
Expresses its appreciation to those Governments that have made additional contributions to the establishment and strengthening of national human rights institutions;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;1
The unutilized balance was due mainly to the decision not to purchase new large-scale generators, which could have been repaired by the availability of spare parts and had been sufficient to provide electricity.
Recalling that the United Nations human rights instruments and relevant global plans and programmes of action call for the provision to the family of as broad protection and assistance as possible, and that the family has diverse forms, which are different according to cultural, political and social systems,
The Voorburg Group addressed the problems of identification of suppliers and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its leading role in the budgetary process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, which, inter alia, advises the Programme for the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and the management of the resources of the Programme on the basis of the priorities established by Member States;
Capacity developed through: support to organizational entities and planning entities (public and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support for the formulation and implementation of legislation; inter-ministerial coordination; research and training capacity on development issues.
Specific discussions were held on those items and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its six-hour mission and arrived at the Qasr Ninawa hotel in Mosul.
The National Monitoring Directorate informed him of the meeting and encouraged him to participate in the meeting.
The importance of broadband services as a driving force for economic and social development should be recognized;
]
(b) In the case of any person who leads a private sector entity or works, in any capacity, for such entity to seek or accept, directly or indirectly, an undue advantage, for himself or herself or for another person or entity, in order to perform or refrain from acting and thus fails to perform its duties [in relation to an economic, financial or commercial transaction, which causes harm to the private sector].
[(j) Identifying, freezing and tracing funds of illicit origin derived from acts of corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
According to those delegations, it would also be important to ensure that the system for the convention took into account existing regional mechanisms and sought to avoid unnecessary duplication.
Text taken from the proposal submitted by Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (7 out of 32) reported a “without action taken”.
For this year, a projection is provided for agriculture but not for energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases in terms of their degree of difficulty by allocating more resources to highly complex cases;
Agenda item 84
In addition, the thematic meetings of treaty bodies should be encouraged, which helped to improve and make human rights protection more transparent in a specific area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate it to the Third Committee.
In the face of the determined will of non-nuclear-weapon States, the nuclear-weapon States must demonstrate that they are making tangible progress towards nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that planted forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and are detrimental to the rights and livelihoods of local populations (which are strongly discouraged at the Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General of 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations contained therein, endorses the proposal of the Secretary-General that an electoral unit should be established within UNAMA, and encourages Member States to support United Nations electoral activities in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter of 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report from Spain submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It seeks to promote TCDC in policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador has five women at the ambassadorial level compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Montalvo (Ecuador) said that the most important legislative amendment had been the revision of the Family Code, which had been made to the Congress on first reading and was awaiting a second reading.
Resolution 1456 (2003)
Executive Order No. 336, on the reconstitution of the National Commission against Air Piracy and Terrorism as the National Council for Civil Aviation Security.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination, as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The successful exchanges of views that followed enabled delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
AFUR African Useators
MMA Marine Authority
However, there may be a need in some cases to take different factors, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of an agreement governing its relations with the State concerned.
OHCHR relies on the generosity of donors, particularly donor Governments, to meet these needs.
The core task remains to rectify the effects of past violence and to remedy current violations while developing national capacities to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Strengthening statistical capacity;
The first results of the work of the Community highlight a rich potential for cooperation between the Community and the Universal International Organization, based on the principles of partnership, participation and complementarity of efforts.
29B.24 Programme planning and budget preparation are under the responsibility of the Programme Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in that regard.
In view of these contributions, it is estimated that the Institute's trust fund balance as at 31 December 2003 would amount to $735,600.
Request for hearing
Option A
The definition of “electronic signature” is consistent with the definition of the same term in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valenta (room DC1-603; tel. 1 (212) 963-9684 or 963-9196).
With the exception of sales publications and public information material, hyperlinked official documents listed hereunder may be accessed through the Official Document System of the United Nations in the electronic version of the present Journal.
Ltd. (Sudan); LXO = Luxor Air (Egypt); NL = LoneStar Airways (affirmed by the Government of Liberia); Relief Services Ltd (United Kingdom).
The smuggling is still more than 50 per cent of the trade.
The pillaging and illegal removal by the affluent security forces, extortion and other bribes undermines any prospect of economic stabilization and can only deter the inflow of capital by foreign private investors.
The United Nations should play a more active role in the negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearances of gendarmes would be, according to the testimonies received, desertion.
HIV/AIDS prevalence is increasing and children account for 7 per cent of the infected population.
However, country offices should make greater efforts to formulate lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction — goals and objectives
Press conferences
The status of ratification of the conventions and the information received regarding the implementation of the programmes of action were among the key indicators of progress in combating slavery and slavery-like practices.
The UNICEF observer outlined the UNICEF work in the area of child protection.
Calls upon United Nations bodies and agencies to develop and implement codes of conduct prohibiting all forms of sexual exploitation by United Nations personnel, service providers and humanitarian workers, and invites non-governmental organizations to do the same in their field of competence;
Calls upon States and interested non-governmental organizations to undertake research to achieve a better understanding of the diversion of certain ritual practices in order to intimidate women and girls who are victims of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African Ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the 1990 session on the improvement and effectiveness of its functioning (CD/106), the Conference invited the following non-member States to participate in its work: Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Cyprus, Costa Rica, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Georgia, Ghana, Greece, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Monaco, Nepal, Oman, Qatar, Philippines, Saudi Arabia.
I hope that the Ministers will request accelerated action on all these vital security issues.
There is growing concern about the possible links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.5, A/58/786, A/58/600 and A/58/610)); 120 and 121 (Programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005: administrative expenses of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (A/58/214, A/58/214/Corr.1);
Encourages countries to submit, on an optional basis, national reports to the review session of the Commission in particular, highlighting concrete progress in implementation, including results achieved, difficulties encountered and opportunities;
(d) To strive to achieve better and more balanced representation of major groups in all regions in the Commission;
The issue of agricultural subsidies, which are trade-distorting, has been raised and considered to be a serious barrier to achieving sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005, the additional activities to be undertaken include an assessment, assessment and analysis of progress made in achieving the objectives; the inventory of problems and obstacles encountered; opportunities; the use of lessons learned, including coordination of information received from various sources and capacity-building activities during the sessions of the Commission; the establishment and management of a transparent information and communication system; and a summary of partnerships containing information.
This helped to develop training materials, train instructors and senior officials, and provide technical and financial support for training sessions by Cambodian instructors.
The total net amount - not including the amount of USD 251,432,04 for interest and the amount of USD 172,784,51 for claim preparation costs - claim for the 380 claims in the first part of the sixteenth instalment, which the Panel made in the amount of USD 47,490,427,82.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and implemented within the framework of international cooperation, will aim to ensure that regional initiatives undertaken by various agencies or groups of agencies are synergistic.
The Fifth Committee, having considered the statement of programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General3 and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,4 decides to inform the General Assembly that, should it adopt draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.1/Rev.1, the appropriation of $1,375,600, broken down as set out below, would be required for the biennium 2004-2005: section 2, General Assembly affairs and General Assembly affairs, of the United Nations.
As part of its host programme, the Government immediately provides housing, food aid and language services to all returnees, men and women, and is trying to find work, thus making it available a number of services to this vulnerable group.
Within the framework of international cooperation, the Government is redesigning its centre of statistics and censuses with a view to improving the data collected and updating and allowing for gender distribution.
There is an increasing literature on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and the growing number of practical examples of this contribution.
See for example Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraphs 5, and CESCR General Comment No. 14, paragraph 3.
Is there a need to reduce duplication in the work of the Committee and of international organizations?
- Local governments, which are responsible for addressing the issue of vulnerable children under the Local Governments Act, annex II, need to develop their potential in a more pragmatic way;
Section II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of developments in net transfers of resources to or from developing countries.
It was important to continue the dialogue that had been initiated in Johannesburg on the issue of the conversion of investment in environmental and sustainable development.
There have been cases in the past where meetings of States parties have been substantially delayed or cancelled owing to the lack of quorum.
On the occasion of Human Rights Day, the New York Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR) organizes several activities to mark the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the Vienna World Conference on Human Rights and the award of human rights awards.
It was suggested that efforts should be made to avoid this problem when considering the provisions of chapter 8 in the light of existing instruments on electronic commerce.
He reiterated that P&I Clubs were in favour of the application of the instrument to door-to-door transport and said that, while difficulties could arise both with a limited network system and a uniform system, it was noted that the transport industry had, to a large extent, adopted a network system for multimodal transport, including the UNCTAD/ICC Rules and the COMBICON transport letter.
In response to a question regarding the reasons why the draft instrument should apply a default rule in the case of “non-localized damage”, it was reiterated that the essence of the issue was to ensure that the liability regime applicable to such damage was predictable and secure.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
There will be a briefing on the Youth Employment Network prepared by the Secretary-General, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Youth Employment Network Secretariat, the World Bank and ILO, today, 30 September 2003, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
In addition to the posts approved as at 30 June 2003, the staffing establishment would be increased by 223 international staff (1 ASG, 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-4, 74 P-3, 13 P-2/1, 29 Field Service and 74 General Service (Other level)), 537 national staff, including 25 Professional and 207 United Nations Volunteers.
The latter would be assisted by a secretary (General Service (Other level)) and a driver (national staff).
Ms. Shin enquired about the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission on Women's Issues, the Federal Office for Gender Equality and the Swiss Conference of Gender Equality Delegates, and expressed concern about the relative lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Office.
3.
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint programme of work with IAEA to develop a standard by applying the IAEA safety standards process with the appropriate participation of experts from the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with the procedures and mechanisms of IAEA and the Committee in reporting.
Option 3
To our great regret, the United Nations Secretariat has not taken any steps to redeploy United Nations observers to the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait in order to enable them to carry out the tasks assigned to them by the resolutions of the Security Council.
Primary health care also remains tragically inadequate in many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations came back.
Among them, the National Women's Forum is a forum for dialogue and permanent, multi-skilled and representative dialogue, enabling women's organizations to take part in the development, negotiation and orientation of national policies for the full development of women in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat has set out guidelines for the legalization of such groups, the training of their members in the social organization and the strengthening of the leadership, self-esteem and human rights capacities in Chiquimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa departments.
Women's Health Week.
Such collaboration could start with the holding of an international symposium to study the various aspects of commercial fraud and where the various stakeholders could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the following non-governmental organization requesting consultative status with UNIDO: World Federation of Free Zones (GEF).
In that letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities would give serious consideration to the adoption of such measures and would shed light on the incident of microphone.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the action teams that might be taken into account in the preparation of the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to circulate a model for the contributions of the chairpersons to the Committee's report.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They further noted that the African Union had emerged from the common vision of a united and strong Africa that would enable the African continent to meet the multiple challenges that the continent and its populations must face in the light of the social, economic and political transformations that were taking place in the world.
They stressed that these institutions must resist the efforts of some countries that use such conditionalities to defend their own interests.
They called upon donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian assistance appeals in proportion to the needs of affected populations, not to be influenced by the degree of interest of the media, or by the geographical location of the emergency that requires humanitarian assistance.
The investigations carried out so far in Tunisia show that no Tunisian banking agency or stock operator has funds, financial assets or resources belonging to individuals or entities listed in the above-mentioned list.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordinating body should be designated within the United Nations system to provide support in this area, and the regional commissions of the United Nations should foresee certain activities,
Convinced that the responsibility for road safety lies with local, municipal and national authorities,
Thematic debate (to be decided on the basis of consultations of the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The proposed amendment to the Money Laundering Act, which makes terrorist acts punishable by the Penal Code as an offence under the Act, will empower the Office to freeze without delay the funds or financial assets of persons or organizations accused of terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is considered periodically on the basis of a report to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations to the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization Dalate Counsellor Reclamation and the Ushen county reforestation Section will host the seminar.
It should ultimately contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations on sustainable land management and ultimately to the qualitative and quantitative improvement of arable land and increased agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum requests Governments to include in their programmes and plans of action and in their educational and cultural policies the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, indigenous customs and ceremonies, and their history, vision of the cosmos, their philosophy and values.
The cold war mentality and the role of nuclear weapons in the doctrines of the nuclear-weapon States, the current impasse in the Conference on Disarmament, the lack of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and especially the increased risk of the use of nuclear weapons, have created a precarious situation that places the non-nuclear-weapon States in dire need of negative security assurances.
Participated in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Judges, held in Ottawa, Canada from 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Therefore, they must be secured by a number of provisions:
- Impair intellectual property rights;
We cannot afford to let the Conference in an in-active way or let it be left to the Conference because of the obstacles to be overcome or because our sense of powerlessness gives us the chance to fall.
In developing the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team engaged in a dialogue with local leaders and military units throughout the country.
These officers have effectively ensured the integration of children's rights and protection into the activities of peacekeeping missions.
However, if a staff member is reappointed by an organization that implements the United Nations common system for less than twelve months after the termination of service, any amount that may have been paid at the end of his or her appointment under the termination indemnity, the repatriation grant or the payment of accrued annual leave shall be adjusted in such a way that the number of months, weeks or days of salary was added to that of the staff member.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council in particular, must act together in this critical period to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe from occurring in Iraq.
Accordingly, only claims relating to instalments completed on or after 2 May 1990 fall within the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only amounts relating to the compensable period may be compensated.
The “E2” Panel has defined the scope of military operations and the concept of threat of military action for the various locations and dates of the alleged losses in the claims before it, in order to demarcate the compensable area and period (“ compensable area”).
Canada accepted the Presidency for a period of one year from 1 January 2004, following the end of South Africa's mandate on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will review the best practices identified in recent planning activities and lessons learned in determining whether they could apply to future operations.
If a new operation was to be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be able to deploy it faster than in the past, thanks to the strengthening of the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of new standby arrangements for civilian support staff (as described in sub-items 3 and 4 below).
The maximum deployment period for members of the rapid deployment team will be 90 days, after which they will return to their places of origin.
An interactive training CD-ROM entitled “Creating stress management” was recently completed and communicated to missions on an experimental basis in December 2002.
Field training has been strengthened by the establishment of training cells in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET, as well as the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware of the fact that a single code of conduct should be applied to all personnel assigned to peacekeeping missions, whether military, civilian or civilian police personnel, even if disciplinary proceedings vary according to categories of personnel.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and the Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, the former Yugoslavia.
A commitment and cooperation are required at the national and international levels to address them.
Lessons learned from the pilot projects under way show that it is essential to identify productive activities for which a potential demand exists, whose start-up costs are low and require expertise that persons with disabilities may acquire.
It is thus increasing the tension between vulnerability on the one hand and independence on the other, when an independent person is facing the new need to receive care and depend on others.
After considering the case studies of informative and interesting cases, one participant stressed the need to find a balance between self-regulation and public regulation with a view to promoting genuine transparency.
The identification of a structure in which developed and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered necessary by several participants and it was noted that ISAR could play that role.
New York University Stern School of Business
University of Strawl
United Nations Decade of Education for Sustainable Development
According to article 15, the deficiencies noted were reported to the claimants in order to remedy them.
In the case of a claim, the Panel ascertained that the goods were delivered to Iraq by the claimant, but were not able to determine whether they had been short of time before or after the date when the trade embargo imposed by Security Council resolution 661 (1990) had taken effect, i.e. on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries paid between August 1990 and April 1991 to employees who were reduced to the inactivity of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur was aware of the support provided by a number of United Nations agencies for the preparation of the study.
Similly, only 4 to 7 per cent of these enterprises are headed by women.
- The leaders and officials of enterprises, institutions and organizations, and all other persons who support terrorist activities, in particular by financing terrorists or terrorist groups or organizations, by providing or raising funds to be used, directly or indirectly, for the commission of terrorist acts or related offences or by carrying out transactions involving funds or other financial assets;
- It signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified it on 12 September 2002, indicating that it exercises jurisdiction in respect of the offences covered by article 2, paragraph 2, of the Convention in cases covered by article 7 of the Convention;
This Act, which is not retroactive, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Tax Code (United States Internal Revenue Code) in force as at 31 December 2000.
The CF and its members play a central role, both individually and collectively, in assisting the GM in the implementation of its mandate, as defined in article 21, paragraph 4, of the Convention, but the prevailing perception among the participating stakeholders, including members of the CFE, is that the GM has not yet fully discharged its role, having so far adopted a position.
Designing a niche for the Global Mechanism
The curfews continue, but are not as severe as in 2002.
The Bishkek meeting, held on 9 and 10 July 1998, brought together experts from the nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention are guaranteed in a constitution or other laws and, if so, to what extent; or, if not, whether these provisions may be invoked before the courts, tribunals and administrative authorities and whether they may give effect to them;
(a) Seven members selected by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Control from among the candidates proposed by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, with due regard to the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded through voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution should be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the African Group, as well as on behalf of other sponsors, to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti”, which provides an overview of the country's continuing special economic assistance needs.
With regard to the number of vacancies, it was true that it should not improve significantly in view of the gradual reduction of activities.
Another source of abuse is the billing of defence counsel services.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its 2002 session;
This figure, significantly lower than that of 2001, is partly attributable to the increase in security concerns arising from terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001, which has led some major resettlement countries to temporarily restrict their territory.
In 1998, many evidence was handed over to FBI on this case.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures resulting from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;6
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical inquiry — the Government considered that an investigation was necessary to get a clear picture of the situation before taking the measures that would be required — assesses the level of awareness of the issue in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group by providing information or clarification.
Thus, Brazilian law enforcement officers had been trained at the Regional Drug Control Training Academy in the Andean Community in Lima.
(9) The proposed regulations also impose restrictions on the equipment services listed and brokering activities.
To this end, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries of equipment and products that may be used for torture or cruel, degrading or inhuman treatment.
On the specific cases mentioned in the report, it was reported that the wearing of fers for long periods of time, or in the case of transfer from prison, is a violation of the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (rules 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para. 57).
The texts of the laws cited in this excerpt are available on the website at http://www.admin.ch/ch/f/rs/rs.html (23 October 2002).
According to this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of evidence produced by a member of Garda Síochána with at least the rank of Commissioner, that a person holds or controls funds that are or may be used to commit an offence of terrorism or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, it shall decide on a request, unless the defendant or any other person has established that the fund is used to satisfy the satisfaction of the Court.
The “terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Decision, i.e. as the structured association of more than two persons, established in time and acting in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
European Economic space, Swiss nationals and their dependants
Following a request from the Government of the United Kingdom in October 2002, to provide detailed information on all holders of savings accounts by 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the member States of the Organization of American States decided to consolidate the training of specialized social workers, including drug abuse.
The small island developing States of the Caribbean have been armed to deal with these two phenomena and with climate variability.
• Identify multinational biological resources and define marine and terrestrial areas that need to be protected;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory from being used to plan, organize or execute terrorist crimes, must prevent terrorist elements, whether individually or in groups, from infiltrate and are not located in its territory and not to host them or give them refuge or to allow them to use the national territory to visit other States.
Some regions in the north and south of the African belt of endemic malaria, as well as some mountainous regions in many countries, are threatened by an outbreak of malaria.
The Secretary-General commends all donors for their valuable support to the Library.
(b) Develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt-rich crusts, including applicable standards for the protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Aware that, at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world is undergoing historic and far-reaching transformations in which forces of aggressive nationalism and religious and ethnic extremism continue to face new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of the functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the International Labour Organization Administrative Tribunal should continue, to the extent that current disparities make some international civil servants more readily available to others to an Administrative Court.
For its part, the administration should follow up on requests for review by the organs of the administration of justice, a requirement that it often lacks.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Goicochea (Cuba) said that it was to avoid breaking the consensus that her delegation had accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouheddou (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years later, adopted in Rome on 13 June 2002,
This summary was prepared after consultation with other Council members.
Support and guiding principles
It continues to welcome the development of democracy in the Republic of China on Taiwan and hopes that the Chinese people, both sides of the Taiwan Straits, will settle their differences peacefully.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that item 167 be included in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
d Exchange rate of November 2002.
It supported the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at raising awareness among policy makers and the general public of the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development by building on the achievements of space research; promoting the increased use by United Nations entities and the private sector of space-related systems and services; and improving the management of the world's natural resources.
Viet Nam committed itself to building a strong nation and a prosperous, equitable and democratic society, placing people at the heart of its economic and social policies.
After plundering the wealth of developing countries, the former colonial powers are now responsible for the deaths of 10 children every 7 seconds.
Unfortunately, the occupation authorities prohibited the Turkish Cypriots from enjoying these benefits while limiting the freedom of expression of the supporters of a reunified Cyprus, issued by the occupying forces.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are enshrined in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Round table on microcredit
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power of most forest workers is a major impediment to the effect of falling back to the poorest workers.
These activities are expected to accelerate the discovery of new medicines and vaccines.
For several years now, the Conference on Disarmament has not been doing substantive work.
From the perspective of the protection of refugees, which is an important part of all, the first challenge is to address the concerns of States in order to take into account the protection of refugees.
National legislation on asylum and the establishment of decision-making bodies that correctly and effectively implement these obligations are the following steps.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with appreciation the work done, under the guidance of voluntary Member States, by the 12 clusters that had been established by the Committee at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and urged Member States to fully support the teams in their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, it should be noted that the Organization of American States has proposed that the follow-up meeting at the 6 March meeting be held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully endorses the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
The more we are doing, the more we see that we still have to do.
Is this not, by definition, of terrorism?
(a) The replacement of one or more responsible officials;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and elaborated in the main instruments thereunder (International act on civil and political rights, International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Convention on the Rights of the Child, and Convention against Torture).
A vote was taken by show of hands.
First, emphasis is placed on the quality and availability of health services.
There are 28 523 women (19,3%), 143 teachers.
Some reproductive health targets included in the Ninth Plan and the Second Long-term Health Plan are presented below (table 8).
Therefore, the population has been informed and educated up to the family level on women's health in order to encourage the use of health services through information, education and communication programmes (IEC), with the support of the media, volunteer health workers and health personnel.
All formal sector credit institutions require tangible guarantees to make loans.
SAARC Summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity in all its history has never faced such a challenge.
Liechtenstein welcomes this development and has participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking in persons and smuggling of migrants.
In Cambodia, the joint efforts of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including people living with HIV/AIDS, have attracted attention and have been recognized by the international community as a result of their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, production, acquisition, transfer, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, in order to justify their opposition to the elaboration of a convention on remote sensing, argue that resolution 41/65 is still a useful instrument, since it introduces two principles that they consider to be priorities:
Rape has been used with impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terrorize the enemy population.
Ten years ago, violence against women was totally ignored.
States should implement General Assembly resolution 57/179 on measures to eliminate crimes against women committed in the name of honour and to intensify efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes through legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur calls for the establishment of a post of mediator or other monitoring and discipline mechanisms in all peace support operations.
This chapter provides an overview of the obligations under international human rights law to transnational corporations in respect of the right to food.
This is the obvious violations of the right to food, as well as the deliberate destruction of health schools and positions in many regions, which are a clear violation of the right to education and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 2003)1
While the situation in the Georgian economy had improved somewhat in recent years, it remained a matter of great concern, with heavy external indebtedness and a real unemployment rate of over 12 per cent (formal).
Accordingly, they expressed doubts that Georgia's non-payment of the amount required under Article 19 and, at the same time, the non-compliance with its obligations under the three prior payment plans was due to circumstances beyond its control.
The Global Programme against Money Laundering participated in an assessment of offshore financial activities in the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 12 to 22 November 2002.
Interventions planned for 2003 and beyond include: improving national capacities in health and family life planning; strategic planning of the adolescent and youth component of the national strategy to combat HIV/AIDS; and supporting this component; and promoting a supportive approach to orphans that respects the rights of orphans;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission had adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and had taken note with appreciation of the report of the Working Group on the work of its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This outcome is the product of your abilities and effectiveness — which you have shown throughout your diplomatic career, both at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and here at the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has made efforts over the years to increase the focus on TCDC within its programme of work, using both the regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Brunei Police Force, in close cooperation and coordination with other national law enforcement agencies, is working with the States of the region where the exchange of information and other operations can be carried out in similar circumstances.
Since the negotiations on this international instrument were concluded at the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, my delegation has the honour to request that item 108 of the agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “Crime prevention and criminal justice”, be adopted in plenary only for the draft United Nations convention against corruption to be adopted in due course of the Conference.
Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Renewing the United Nations: a programme of reform”;
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125]8.
Progressive development of the principles and norms of international law relating to the new international economic order [P.150].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group had resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002, and had again addressed general issues relating to its scope (see A/CN.9/527, para.
Paragraph (2)
Norway broadly supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
The clarity with which they relate, in addition, to the efforts of African countries and the support provided by the international community and the United Nations system, allows an easy understanding of the seriousness of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is unavoidable and urgent.
This would also be in keeping with the interests of the majority of Member States, who do not have sufficient staff resources to examine all the activities of the United Nations in detail.
The first biennial consolidated report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16) informed the Commission on Narcotic Drugs of the decline in world opium production from about 20,000 tons per year in the early twentieth century to less than one third of that volume in 2000.
Africa provided 24 responses (21.4 per cent), the Americas 20 (17.9 per cent), Asia 32 (28.6 per cent), Europe 34 (30 per cent) and Oceania 2 (1.8 per cent).
Financing programmes for alternative development and eradication of illicit crops for drug production and resource mobilization
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
It is really a situation where the entire world is losing. In his report, the Secretary-General explains why, in his view, this chance has been lost, and I will not dwell on it.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory has 14 public primary schools and four public secondary schools.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative of section 35 (Development Account) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries are mainly using the Poverty Reduction Strategy Papers (PRSPs).
The border is thus already determined, further strengthened by Security Council resolution 1507 (2003), which calls upon both parties to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The positions reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal structures of Lipljan ( Pristina region) remained vacant, with no qualified candidates being nominated.
Kosovo Serb representatives from five municipalities, namely Kosovo Polje, Lipljan and Obilic (in the Pristina region), Novo Brdo (Gynjilane region) and Zvecan (M Mitrovica region), complained about the difficulties of access to judicial institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) economic stability at the national level and in decision-making; (b) commitment and commitment by Governments to address environmental management issues and to promote the prevention and mitigation of environmental damage through the advice and assistance of UNEP; and (c) voluntary contributions to UNEP.
(iii) Technical equipment: a database and an electronic forum on best practices on the social and environmental responsibility of Internet-based companies (1); information advisory services (information clearing house) on persistent organic pollutants, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); online database on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable development (1); information clearing house and the World Energy Network website for sustainable development (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive programme of socio-economic and political development for the continent, and it must be dealt with from a comprehensive perspective.
Interdependence on democracy and human rights 143
Recognizing the importance of the role of women in the reconciliation process and in the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and exercised without discrimination of any kind;
Recommends the following draft decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Stressing the importance of fully implementing the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS “Global Crisis, Global Action”, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, in order to improve its rationalization and effectiveness and to facilitate her access to information necessary to carry out her duties, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and possible mechanisms for the promotion of the human rights of women;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, United Nations bodies, programmes and specialized agencies, as well as international and non-governmental organizations to indicate the measures they have taken to promote and implement, as appropriate, the guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights and the present resolution, and to submit a progress report to the General Assembly at its sixty-first session, in consultation with interested parties.
Urges States to pay special attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of minority children, taking into account that girls and boys may face different types of risk;
Welcomes the affirmation by the General Assembly that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous people is one of the main objectives of the Decade, and calls for the speedy completion of the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee on derogations to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in times of emergency,
Staff of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to re-establish the rule of law, including by working with international donors in the training of law-enforcement authorities that are concerned with the protection and protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take steps to improve access to justice, as well as to implement prison reform measures to bring it into conformity with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43, paragraph 2, of the Convention, which brings the membership of the Committee on the Rights of the Child from 18 to 18, expressing the hope that this amendment will enable the Committee to carry out effectively the new tasks related to the follow-up to the two Optional Protocols to the Convention and hoping that the Committee will finish its work late,
(g) To grant the widest possible assistance in any investigation, criminal or extradition proceedings relating to the offences referred to in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including in obtaining the necessary evidence for the purposes of the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
Also at the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally introduced the proposed amendments (E/CN.4/2003/L.77) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.2, consisting of two new paragraphs before paragraph 1, reading:
Discrimination in the criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the proposed amendment (E/CN.4/2003/L.103) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.66, sponsored by Cuba.
Eritrea and Malaysia subsequently joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised operative paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women are more than men, the age gap, and that the status of older women everywhere must be a priority,
It was understood that if the reimbursement was calculated on the basis of a standard rate, some Governments would not be reimbursed in full for the costs of their participation in a United Nations peacekeeping force.
He had discussions with the Secretariat to ensure that, in future, it would provide the Secretariat with detailed information relevant to the simplified approach.
According to additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had planned 46 aircraft for 2002/03: 22 helicopters and 24,680 flight hours and 24 aircraft and 39 700 flight hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. by Mr. David Anderson, President of the Governing Council at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chaskalson announced that, at the request of UNEP, a panel of judges had been established to deepen cooperation between UNEP and the judiciary.
By a note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted Member States and received written proposals on the following theme:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures are one of the major obstacles to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
Replace Gg CO2 equivalent with Gg
In many cases, the “solder churches” are involved in maintaining this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore not in a position to clarify the fate or whereabouts of the persons concerned.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, of which 318 were clarified on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 through information provided by the source.
A small number of cases concern persons who were reportedly arrested at checkpoints by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000, or abducted by Hezbollah and transferred to the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group again transmitted two cases updated on the basis of further information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our appreciation and thanks to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barthelmy, who, through their dedication and availability, honour the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $796 million relates to meetings of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender statistics, some other measurable aspects of socio-economic life and the application of information technology;
During this raid, two Palestinians, including a 15-year-old boy, Mohammed Rabie Saber, died.
Developments in the peace process
However, between July and September 2002, some absolutely condemnable acts committed by the regular armed forces have resulted in the death of a considerable number of civilians, including old men, women and children whose responsibility in the conflict is far from being proved.
One member from Eastern European States;
Noting that, as some Parties have submitted late or not submitted notifications, and that delays have occurred in the conduct of the in-depth reviews, the evaluation of implementation has been hampered,
It is expected that their implementation will continue to raise problems in the future, as it will require time to change the financial management style and focus on outputs and accomplishments rather than inputs and planning.
It was regrettable that the goals of the Programme of Action were not generally achieved, leaving the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance to affect the lives of millions of people around the world.
They may do so in writing at any time.
Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee notes with concern that the rights contained in the Covenant are not adequately protected in relation to a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party request international assistance for the effective functioning of the Public Defender's Office.
It also commended the efforts made by the State party to make public the results of its interaction with the United Nations human rights treaty bodies, including by making possible the consultation of their reports on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and by translating the concluding observations of those bodies into Estonia.
With regard to general comment, he said that the focus should be on equality between men and women.
Individuals and groups should have full and equal access to information available to public authorities or others regarding water, water and environment.
The operation “A package for a peacekeeper” has been able to send 15,000 packages to the peacekeepers on mission in Bosnia and Lebanon at the end of the year.
Reiterates its call upon the parties to intensify their efforts to take confidence-building measures and to contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Rwanda, Tonga.
In particular, a set of documents should be prepared:
A collective approach and spirit have emerged.
We will achieve these goals only by facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas by raising awareness of the dangers posed by mines, destroying stockpiled mines, assisting victims, facilitating their reintegration into society and by persuading new States to formally accede to the Convention and comply with its standards.
Italy has always been firmly convinced of the moral and political need for the Ottawa Convention, which is a means of significantly improving the lives of the populations of many countries seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also presented a synthesis of the evolution of the role of the Special Unit for TCDC and described some of the adjustments arising from it in its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) Is the accomplice of a person who commits or attempts to commit any such act.
1 bis.
If the murder is committed by the author, when he leads to a vehicle in the state of Quebec, under the influence of drugs or medicines, which robbed his or her personality, or in a situation that undermines or impairs his or her mental, voli or physical capabilities, the prison sentence which he or she will face is twofold from that applied in the absence of such circumstances.
Each of the cases reviewed and the arguments heard, the Chairman made the procurement recommendations for approval by the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) The holding of the nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee in Brazzaville from 14 to 17 May 2003;
Convinced of the need to make every effort to contribute in an effective and coordinated manner to meeting the challenge of the clearance of anti-personnel mines spread throughout the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition, the social security courses provided for young people who enter the labour market without having completed their training.
Social security sections included in the Spanish system
These pensions are beneficiaries of survivors and separated or divorced spouses, or whose marriage was declared invalid.
Therefore, facilitating access to decent housing is thus a principle that should guide public action.
(c) Management and resolution of cases of personalized economic assistance related to protected housing and protection for rehabilitation;
In these agreements, the central and autonomous public administrations maintain their respective normative competence, which they exercise in a concerted manner to achieve the cultural purpose of the conventions, which is financed in the proportion or amount awarded.
A solution may be to provide culturally appropriate education and gender-sensitivity to children at the earliest age in order to promote a new culture that promotes a common response to HIV/AIDS and to improve the economic and social conditions of all.
The rule in Barcelona Traction derives from the general principles of the law of societies recognized by civilized nations and not customary international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule in Barcelona Traction have led States to resort to bilateral investment treaties, which enable investors to settle their disputes with the host State before recourse to ad hoc arbitration tribunals or the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes established by the Convention for the Settlement of Investment Disputes between States and Nationals of Other States.
Barcelona Traction Authority
In the Delagoa Bay case, the United Kingdom and the United States strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when they intervened to protect their nationals who were shareholders of a Portuguese society to which Portugal itself had caused harm, but the arbitral tribunal seized the dispute had jurisdiction only to set the amount of reparation to be granted.
Therefore, a corporation cannot change its nationality for the purpose of diplomatic protection by changing its social headquarters, home or place of control.
Ibid., p. 7.
“The Court notes from the outset that the complainants do not complain of a violation of their rights as a member of the Fix Fix, such as that of sitting in the General Assembly and voting.
The widest possible legal assistance is granted, as far as the relevant laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the requested State Party permit, in the course of the investigation, prosecution and judicial proceedings concerning offences against which a legal person may be held liable in the requesting State Party, in accordance with article [...] [Responsibility of legal persons] of this Convention.
(c) The full or partial allocation of the value of such proceeds or property or funds derived from their sale to the reduction of the multilateral debt of the requesting State Party.
]
Addition proposed by Ukraine.
The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon are as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural youth worldwide, FAO also emphasizes in its programmes, projects and activities the importance of close family linkages and the protection of the major family values.
Although the situation of internally displaced persons has changed somewhat as a result of the recent conflict, some families have been able to return to their homes, resettlement of internally displaced persons remains a major humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional human rights arrangements continues to facilitate the efforts of both sides in this field and that there are opportunities for increased cooperation,
Academic background and diploma
Publications
- Aspects of the rights of contingent soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Concern was expressed that many external factors were highlighted.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/OC.263) from Inocencio Arias, Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a follow-up interim report pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In that sense, I should repeat it, the Secretariat's capacity should be strengthened and lessons learned from the success of the expert groups should be learned.
It goes without saying that my delegation fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcello Spatafora, who spoke with so eloquently on behalf of the European Union.
Since I also represent the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan in today's debate, I would like to highlight the decisive role played by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: postgraduate studies in political science at the University of Sacre-Cour of Milan
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers who have arrived without permission in the Christmas Island, the Coca Islands and the Ashmore Islands have been returned to Nauru and the Isle of Manus in Papua New Guinea, where they would be accommodated in detention centres pending a decision on their asylum applications;
Because of the signs observed in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we have great hope to complete the preparatory process, but also the conference.
As we have stated on many occasions, we fully support the regional approach to issues relating to the Great Lakes region, and therefore the importance of appropriate preparations for this international conference.
Some progress has been made by the Committee dealing with the question of treaties and instruments, including the establishment of a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, but a number of issues of principle have made real progress more difficult.
In negotiations held earlier under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denktash, as part of a comprehensive package of measures, had agreed that the size of the Turkish Cypriot State was in that range.
The concrete results in the field of gender equality do not appear to be in fact in keeping with the number of measures taken or the political will of the Government of Canada; she would therefore like to know whether the Government had new ideas to move forward.
There would be a need for more comprehensive information on the services to which women had access, on the financing of women's organizations and policies for women, on the persons or agencies responsible for those efforts and on the cooperative measures taken.
OIOS correctly points out that centres in the seconds should be managed differently from those in the first, where access to the Internet and libraries does not pose a problem.
Ms. Afif (Morocco) said that it was very important for the Organization to have internal control mechanisms to identify irregularities and to recommend solutions.
The importance is to identify these transgressions as soon as possible and to avoid their proliferation.
The proposed items will be added to the list contained in the report of the Third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.2 The vapory aerosols shall be classified as inflammable, highly inflammable or inflammable in accordance with the following criteria:
The indigenous youth movement highlighted the revitalization of indigenous languages.
It does not comply with any rule and appears to be determined to implement its declared intentions despite international condemnation.
We also noted that, in disregard of the will of the international community, it continues to build an expansionist wall, usurping Palestinian land and preventing Palestinians from living normally.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the necessary authority to undertake this essential task.
Stressing the importance of education in promoting tolerance, which is to accept and respect for diversity, and that education, in particular in schools, should contribute positively to promoting tolerance and the elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998, calling for the necessary mechanisms to enable its associate members, including the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories, to participate, subject to the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, in the special sessions of the General Assembly, to be devoted to the review and appraisal of the implementation of the plans of action of the United Nations conferences, to which they were originally attended by those States observers,
The value of an indicator on deposit guarantee mechanisms is easily explained because the public considers that banks are not business like others.
One of these steps was the establishment of a system of information-gathering on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization agrees with the statute of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Néstor Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
There is a need to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system; it is also necessary to strengthen the role of our international organization as the focal point for the international community's efforts to support affected countries, taking into account the priorities set by the authorities of those States themselves.
The necessary legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities for disaster preparedness and management, including the transfer of responsibility for disaster management from military control to civilian control.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters from 20 to 23 January.
He stressed that full cost recovery was a fundamental requirement for the UNOPS business model.
They called for a happy retirement.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and curfews in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would enable the programme to overcome its objectives.
It urges them not to recruit children as soldiers or as auxiliaries or even to merge them into armed conflict.
Notes with appreciation the success of the pilot project on the development of international radio broadcasting capacity for the United Nations and endorses the Secretary-General's proposal that the pilot project should be an integral part of the activities of the Department;
Welcomes the proposal by the Secretary-General to provide free public access to the Official Document System of the United Nations through the connectivity of the United Nations website, to be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Suppl.
On a more encouraging note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all the official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group and stressed the continuing need for such services.
It was noted that much could be learned from existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Basel Convention website (www.base.int).
At its 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on this agenda item on the basis of the draft contained in the relevant conference room paper, as orally corrected.
(a) Undertake and oversee the practical activities of the project on priority areas, in particular the production, movement and environmentally sound management of wastes, as well as the active promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, France, Gabon, Guatemala, India, Ireland, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Japan, Kenya, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, South Africa, Sudan, Syrian Arab Republic, Togo, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
The French version of the UNGEGN information plate had been published.
The Conference commenced its consideration of agenda item 21 (Adoption of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, prior to its continuation and adoption of the final text of its draft report.
Noting also the essential role of this United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and the sessions of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Rule 14
During his meeting with local NGOs, the expert's attention was once again drawn to the need to provide uniforms and training to the police.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on production, consumption and trade in forest products (1); database on forest resources (1); database on assistance to countries with economies in transition in the forest sector (1); maintenance of a web site providing documentation on meetings, extracts of publications and information on activities related to the subprogramme on timber (1);
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information on trafficking in children and prostitution involving children, inter alia, from the Children's Challenge, Government ministries, the police, including the Central Office for the Suppression of Trafficking in Human Beings and the Juvenile Protection Brigade, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For meetings of the governing bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the provisions of the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly adhered to, unless otherwise decided by the participants, if the secretariats are not in a position to provide the pre-session documents in all the languages prescribed for reasons beyond their control, they should, on an exceptional basis, submit them provisionally in the form of abbreviated or summary in the languages concerned, in accordance with the time limits established;
Although the secretariat of WIPO informed the Inspectors that it did not use the term “official languages”, [signatories] [where the General Assembly of WIPO considered a report entitled “Use of Portuguese as the working language of WIPO” (WO/GA/26/1) at its September-October 2000 session, it recalled the decision taken by the governing bodies in 1979 to the Portuguese language.
Such an exercise could be carried out in the context of an inventory of the language knowledge of the staff, which should itself be part of the regular data provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or on human resources management.
It is also said that the time frame for translation is in addition to the normal time frames for implementation.
For example, the peer review process of the Development Assistance Committee of the Organization for Economic Development Cooperation could be expanded to include trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed by the Human Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement comprehensive study programmes, including on human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention with a view to changing stereotypical attitudes regarding the roles of men and women, in particular by accepting the idea that children's education is a social responsibility of both mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators to take into account school drop-out and teenage pregnancy in national fertility surveys had been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that the Committee had expressed its consideration of the third periodic report on the law on the 300-day period imposed on a widow or divorced woman before remarriage.
The Committee recommends that the State party take further measures to facilitate the reconciliation of family responsibilities and professional responsibilities and to promote fair sharing of domestic and family responsibilities between men and women.
It is concerned that there is no systematic collection of data on violence against women, including domestic violence.
According to the Banking Act (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) A fine of $500,000, if it is a legal person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press release on the occasion of the exchange of correspondence relating to the visits of Argentina to South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, which stated, inter alia, the following:
The facts and history of contracts in relation to this project were described in paragraphs 304 to 312.
This amount includes (a) USD 2,3002,392 for work done and materials allegedly delivered at the site of the project and (b) USD 1,457,674 for the retention monies retained by SEG.
The evidence shows that the work of the last decomects (decomages 47 and 61) was carried out after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the MIE Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation of the departure of its employees from Iraq, for which the project assets were left without monitoring.
No other deduction was made after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and Iraq's customs authorities never revoked the remaining part of the fines (IQD 348,000) that they had imposed on the Consortium.
In short, the Committee intends to abbreviate these reports and recommendations whenever possible, thus reducing the cost of translating them.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, with regard to the follow-up to the major United Nations conferences and summits, the Council must play a central role in monitoring the concrete progress made towards the various goals set by those conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which Heads of State and Government committed themselves to making every effort to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol enters into force and to start implementing the prescribed reductions in greenhouse gas emissions,
The suggestion was not accepted, but it was to be hoped that the authors would wish to consider whether a less frequent examination would not be sufficient in the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of the Interior and Territorial Development of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed in the Executive Council to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore intended to provide the Committee with the resources necessary to carry out its tasks.
It cannot be justified in any way that this smuggling is tolerated, whose repercussions are still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to promoting the equitable use of ocean resources and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to the follow-up to the Millennium Summit, mention should be made of the Secretary-General's observation in his report that the goals could be achieved if, by 2015, we maintain and increase the momentum over the past three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, there can be no greater or more noble goal than poverty eradication.
A suspect death that has not been clarified has been recorded in the Mape internment camp, in which Liberian combatants who sought refuge in Sierra Leone are residing.
The recovery of heavy weapons began in Mazar-e-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration will start only in early January in order to allow sufficient time to verify the four divisions in the area, as well as the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers expected to participate in the operation, two times more than in the Kunduz and Gardez pilot phases.
These means should not be available before the beginning of the summer of 2004, when five provincial reconstruction teams in the north of the country are under the command of ISAF.
Activities for which larger core resources should be identified include:
UNIFEM strategies
Ten-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on women, peace and security (S/2002/1154); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Experts Assessment on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Role in Peace-building (UNIFEM, 2002); Not a minute to end the violence against women (UNIFEM) and UNIFEM).
The Panel finds that these illegal imports of Serb weapons have increased significantly the Government's firearms power in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations agencies are currently establishing five regional offices in Saclepea, Nimba County, Voinjama, Lofa, Gbarnga-Phebe (Bong County), Harper, Maryland County and Zwedru, Grand Gedeh, where they provide humanitarian assistance within the country.
Charles Taylor was exercising control over all industries that benefit, whether lawful or unlawful, from Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral agencies
The weakening of Islamist groups should be due to the improvement of the economic situation, the opportunities offered by power, social resistance, especially that of elites claiming freedom and democracy, but also to the actions of the law-enforcement agencies, both and so long as the monquis seem to have lost the apologies of many young people.
Today, according to the Ministry of Religious Affairs, 11,941 mosques are functioning, of which 1,840 are being completed and 1,079 are under way.
The working papers prepared by major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report to the Commission on the work of the Committee on Energy at its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) ESCWA member States will support efforts to promote the use of information and communication technologies to improve competitiveness and productivity; (b) there will be sufficient information infrastructure and applications to support the creation of networks and connections; and (c) Member States will make recommendations to the Summit.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam was a religion of tolerance; the Shari'a was fully compatible with human rights.
In particular, it was to define effective algorithms of filtration and runway, since the combination of the problem was high.
In collaboration with the researchers of Lawrence Lvermore National Laboratory (United States) and the Imperial College in London, the Natural History Museum continued to evaluate in situ analytical techniques of seabine in a rogel of silice.
The major development challenges should be linked to the equipment of attachment, its system of correction of attitude and orbit and its elements of guidance, navigation and control, necessary for the secure approach of uncontrolled and unpredictable objects.
At least two fundamental disturbances (a Ekran satellite and the outer space of a Titan rocket) occurred in the geostationary orbit, but the corresponding fragments were not listed, meaning that their orbits are unknown.
Item 3.
“The Security Council supports the commitment made by the Interim Administration of Afghanistan to eliminate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement the decrees prohibiting the cultivation, production and transformation of opium poppy, including illicit drug trafficking and drug abuse.
The list of these issues was presented by the author during UNCTAD's 2002 meeting in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not conflicting but rather complementary and interdependent.
• Regional security considerations;
Minimum requirements for medically assisted treatment of drug-dependent persons
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9, 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered deferred quadrennial reports under agenda item 4.
The Secretariat would prepare a draft letter and file for distribution to the members of the working group.
With regard to the formulation of content, emphasis is placed on the design of products and services in languages, materials and presentations that make it possible to disseminate and use best by broadcasters and users.
• In order to expand its outreach, the regional information centre will work closely with resident coordinator offices in countries where they exist and can enter into partnerships with national institutions and organizations, such as the United Nations Associations.
Phase 2 ended on 4 February 2002 with the entry into force of the new multilingual system, which fully operates the multilingual capabilities of the Lotus Notes environment, allowing users to choose among the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity regarding the right and practice of custody, the duration of such custody and access to a lawyer during the detention.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Consultative Commission on Human Rights to operate in conformity with the Principles relating to the status of national institutions for the promotion and protection of human rights (the Paris Principles), as set out in General Assembly resolution 48/134.
Information on the measures taken by the authorities to prosecute the perpetrators of trafficking, as well as more precise information on the number of victims and the number of children receiving protection, repatriation and reintegration measures, should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements and the biennial support budget are in full harmony with the four-year period of clarification.
Ms. Shin commended Mexico for having organized the first global conference on women in 1975 and had ratified the Convention and the Optional Protocol at an early date.
The equality of men and women is of particular importance in economic and social development.
The main objectives of UNISPACE III were:
The Ministry of Justice has received requests for registration from over 100 parties.
Examples of initiatives aimed at strengthening the capacities of LDCs to implement the principles of good governance include, in particular, the funding by the United Kingdom Department for International Development of a programme of reforms of local administration in the United Republic of Tanzania; the support provided by the G-8 in the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which includes 34 LDCs; the participation of Italy in the African Regional Centre for Technical Assistance;
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example — have announced further debt relief and, in view of the lack of HIPC Trust Fund reserves, some have decided to increase their contributions to the Fund, and the Government of Morocco announced the cancellation of the debt of African LDCs and the duty-free of their exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his latest report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), as well as the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
The relations with Jakarta have been standardized; members of militias in West Timor seem to be largely demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to emphasize that, as the Secretary-General rightly said, the lasting stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of the Timorese leadership to the rule of law and on its constant efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism has been installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
The general debate will be broadcast live on the Web and archived at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity referred to by the representative of Turkey is only one — and I am referring here to the terminology of the European Code of Human Rights subordinate, local of Turkey, and nothing else.
The European Anti-Cracist Football Network is also organizing, every year, in Monecchio, Italy, the Cup of the Anti-Cracist World, a cultural and sports event that brings together non-European professional artists and boasts belonging to migrant communities.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Panel discussion on “Reductions of biological weapons”
Rule 34
(b) If the spouses are both Secretariat staff, only one of the couple is eligible for dependent children under subparagraph (a) (i) and (ii) above, then the other may avail itself of the provisions of subparagraph (iii) of that subparagraph if it otherwise meets the requirements;
The consideration of this issue has led to a discussion of measures to increase transparency in the field of small arms and light weapons.
In view of the importance of partnership in implementing sustainable development programmes, the meeting called for more such initiatives and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II to the Staff Regulations - education grant and special education grant
Annex III
(ii) Registry issues under Article 7, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions reached by the 2000 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons;
Gravely concerned about discrimination against girl children and violations of their rights, all of which are often less likely to have less than boys access to education, adequate nutrition and physical and mental health care, that they are less able to enjoy the rights, opportunities and benefits of children and adolescents and that they are frequently subjected to various forms of cultural, social, sexual and economic exploitation,
Stressing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should constitute the standard in the promotion and protection of the rights of children, and bearing in mind the importance of the optional protocols to the Convention relating to children engaged in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing and ratifying or acceding to the Optional Protocols to the Convention relating to children engaged in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography,3 and urges them to implement them fully;
Convinced of the better results of collective action, she believed that all nations in a position to do so should contribute to their capacity, which was not the case today.
This includes data management and mine-action standards.
I do not intend to predetermine the intentions of the high-level panel of eminent personalities on United Nations reform, but, in my opinion, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is envisaged in peacekeeping mandates and, where appropriate, included.
See, in general, Best Practices in Poverty Reduction: An Analytical Framework, Else Øyer (ed.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, as soon as possible at the close of the session of the Commission, chapter II of its report containing the summary of the work of the session, chapter III containing the points on which the observations of States would be of particular interest to the Commission, and the draft articles adopted by the Commission on first or second reading;
During the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers undertook to ensure that the Territories under their administration reached an appropriate level of self-government.
The Chairman: If no other delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Ad Hoc Committee shall hold a session of at least 10 working days, prior to the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, in 2003, within existing resources;
One outcome of the meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation policies and legislation.
7), chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now in urgent need of international assistance and support.
Saint Lucia, presiding over this Assembly, is preparing a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the competent support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What results will be achieved in the cruel and emerging industries of poor countries?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that what has happened in Iraq — the atrocities of yesterday, the reconstruction today — is a tragic historical event and that the international community must promote this reconstruction and be with us at this time.
Mr. Hu paid tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that, although China had not signed it, it had not prevented it from having an exchange and cooperation with the signatory countries.
Of the 250,000 people who reportedly died in war-related circumstances since 1989, at least half were civilians non-combatants.
(f) To facilitate the free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and goods throughout Liberia and beyond its borders;
Rule 1
In the event of an infringement on the rights of women of any kind in the field of employment, the person concerned has the right to petition the court in accordance with the Code of Civil Procedure.
In Latvia there are several non-governmental organizations working on family planning issues.
Despite these efforts, the Panel has been disabled in its work by a number of factors, including its low size, low operating budget, and the division of the country, as well as by the alignment of many media bodies with the positions of either camp and the fragmented nature of information infrastructures outside the capital.
Despite this, the Assembly has always faced difficulties in challenging the accusation that it does not fulfil its mandate under the Charter of the United Nations.
It is therefore encouraging — in view of the commitment to the completion of phase II of the arms eradication plan by 24 December 2002, as foreseen — to note that the plan of action for the collection of weapons was adopted at the Buka meeting on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key to progress in the peace process in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998 on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 57/291 of 20 December 2002,
In this case, it is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by an international organization, within its competence and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
Naturally, this should be done under the supervision of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): At the outset, I would like to thank you, Sir, for having organized this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that we must act cautiously.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal stands ready to assist the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, through the provision of troops and other resources.
The recommendations of the Committee complement the actions of intergovernmental bodies and processes, including at the high-level summits and conferences held since the last report in 2001, such as the World Summit on Sustainable Development held in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development held in Monterrey in March 2002.
Because of their geographical and economic isolation and marginalization, they are often more vulnerable than others to violence, in particular the family, and to trafficking.
Africa Division II
Fourteen countries received assistance of $4 million or more.
Members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was essential, and that Angola should strive to solve specific humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea): Mr. President, thanks for convening this meeting.
I think that, starting at the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly well placed to develop and strengthen the technical capacity of Bougainville in line with its technical and other expertise.
With the support of the Yugoslav People's Army, the Serb forces have taken control of some parts of Western Slavonia and Eastern Slavonia, finally bringing these territories into one State, the “Republicka Kijina”.
Combating desertification is an important element of sustainable development in addition to being an environmental problem.
Such cooperation links individuals and enterprises in developing countries and helps to attract domestic and foreign investment to strengthen and upgrade productive capacities, thus increasing the competitive position of the manufacturing sector in developing countries.
For our part, Jordan rejects all misguided falsehoods and sinister campaigns aimed at denouncing Arabs and Muslims by labelling them as terrorists.
There are, behind the discussions that have taken place before the war and are still fuelling controversy, a major challenge in the distribution of power in the post-cold war international arena.
The suicide bombings targeting innocent civilians must end, and the occupation of Arab lands must cease.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly regain its primacy in the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council be more visible and more relevant to ordinary people.
Emphasizes the need to establish a transitional administration in Iraq under the control of the United Nations in order to ensure stability and to create the necessary conditions for lasting peace and respect for human rights.
With regard to the implementation of paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future courses would host more participants should be welcomed.
The review process was not intended to renegotiate the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that indicators on policy, whether at the national or international levels, were more difficult to define indicators for achieving concrete results such as some types of technical assistance.
As part of the establishment of new mechanisms, the issue of the stability of flows should receive sufficient attention.
Such mistakes noted in the report, which might appear to be superficial, were in fact serious and fundamental if they were to be seen in a political context.
He warned the representative that, whatever the historical illusions he had chosen to do, it was worth comparing the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been exterminated, with the current political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and admission of observers 29 - 30 7
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, effective 1 January 2004:
The assistance provided to developing countries in their multilateral trade negotiations on services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in that area had been recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General hereby transmits to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization in response to Economic and Social Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998 and 53/200 of 15 December 1998.
They also participated in several ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of leading industrial associations and non-governmental groups.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) When transactions have been made with or by natural or legal persons residing in countries that do not cooperate with the International Financial Action Task Force (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, established the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa in Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and at the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, environmental-friendly social and economic policies, democratic institutions responsive to the needs of people, the supremacy of the law, anti-corruption measures, gender equality and an enabling environment for investment are the basis for sustainable development and are essential for the provision of adequate housing as a component of the right to adequate standard of living;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is due to the gradual reduction in civilian police strength from 3,055 in July 2004 to 2,195 in June 2005.
The report concludes that the combination of the evaluation based on a variety of assessments and a multisectoral approach is fruitful.
Emphasizes that all future and existing peacekeeping missions shall be given equal and non-discriminatory treatment in respect of financial and administrative arrangements;
The officers, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (Oman), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Maleich (Belarus), Vice-Chairperson-cum-Rapporteur.
Insolvency law
I would also like to express our appreciation to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his extremely useful comments on the contribution of ECOSOC to the peace process.
Model provision 51 is approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the recent deliberations at the nineteenth session of the Programme and Budget Committee, the Director-General assigned to the Chief Executive Officer of the Programme Development and Technical Cooperation Division the task of further advancing evaluation and developing appropriate performance indicators.
Prior to replication in other integrated programmes and the adoption of this combined approach as the model methodology of UNIDO, the indicator framework is being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions to be adopted by the Council
Annex II
The Hydril claim concerns six contracts entered into with INOC for the sale of items to be used in oil fields in Iraq.
Although the basis for these comparisons is not ideal, as mentioned earlier, the elements that show that UNIDO bears a disproportionate responsibility because it manages all VIC buildings are sufficiently convincing.
NEPAD promotes subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations is clearly similar to the late formulation of a reservation and therefore the restrictions adopted in the latter case (guidelines 2.3.1 to 2.3.3) should be applied to the case of assessing the scope of reservations, which reflect the current practice, including the practice of assessing the scope of reservations.
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposes a definition of objections, taking into account theoretical considerations and the study of practice.
When landfills are properly sealed, the risk of infiltration into the underlying waters is infrequent.
Please describe the legislative and/or administrative measures taken as appropriate to implement this travel ban.
The procedures for the import and export of arms are addressed to questions 22 and 23 and any activity other than those provided for in these proceedings is considered to be an offence under the applicable criminal law.
Space-space:
Table 1 provides a list of space systems for sustainable development.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): For 11 years, the General Assembly of the United Nations has adopted annually resolutions calling upon all countries to abide by the Charter of the United Nations and to abide by the principles contained in international legal instruments, by repealing or invalidating all laws and measures with extraterritorial effects, thus violating the sovereignty of other States, the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction.
Castro remains permanently opposed to political openness and continues to deny the most basic rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights to the Cuban people.
The Asset Disposal Unit would be called upon to evolve with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Fifth session
Upon arrival at 9.10 a.m., the inspectors interviewed the Director of the warehouses and asked whether vaccines had been imported and distributed and whether changes had occurred over the past four years.
A maximum of 24 per cent and a floor rate of 0.01 per cent will be used for the preparation of the scale of assessments for the Tribunal (see para.
At the Twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was agreed that the Tribunal should continue to proceed in accordance with its current practice of staff assessment, pending the adoption of a decision on the basis of a detailed proposal to be submitted by the Tribunal to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Section 13 of the above-mentioned Act provides for separate protection for persons who organize or participate in the strike, provided that the movement is organized in accordance with the rule of law.
Equal access to public higher education allows for high-schools who wish to continue their education by encouraging them to achieve good results at the secondary level.
As a result, phenomena such as soil erosion and the extinction of plant and animal species in some settings (forest, rivers and lakes) could hinder the harmonious development of Montenegro, which, in contrast, means that the current level of poverty is likely to continue.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 concerning Social Security (Minimum Standards), insured persons who have contributed for less than 20 years old shall acquire the right to retire at the age of 65 for men and 60 for women after 15 years of contribution.
See table 18 annexed.
The European Union stresses the importance of rapid deployment of the interposition/international stabilization force.
Do you have encountered implementation problems related to the submission of names and identification information currently included in the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly*
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Non-Applicability of War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity of 26 November 1968 must, in this case, be fully applied in the same way as those, where appropriate, of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have internationally defined safeguards for the protection of children, but they remain unchanged.
This attitude should be reversed by the Security Council, because it is cynical, anachronistic and constitutes a violation of the ceasefire and the agreed Truce.
Concerned about the fate of many Kuwaitis and nationals of third States reported missing since 2 August 1990,
(We hope that the principle of gender equality will be applied.
Geneva, 27-28 November 2003
General Assembly resolution 44/21,
The discussion of this theme today is therefore an absolute necessity and is very much about.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement in explanation of position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear any objection, I shall now put the draft resolution to the vote.
Under agenda item 117 (b):
The Panel also reviewed several claims relating to industrial or commercial losses allegedly incurred by the claimants as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
b Exclusive of the amount of USD 2,174,379.83 for commercial or industrial losses suffered by Kuwaiti companies, which will be referred to the “E4” Panels in accordance with Governing Council decision 123.
Emphasizes the need to strive for wider acceptance, for the process of internationalization and realization of the right to development, and calls upon States to formulate the necessary actions and to establish the necessary measures for the implementation of the right to development as a fundamental human right;
Human rights developments since the signing of the Peace Agreements
Therefore, the next Government must urgently build on the success of police officers, judges, prosecutors and human rights activists whose dedication and courage are the foundation for reform.
There is still no comprehensive global definition of universal human rights obligations that correspond to the right to education.
The truth about the events of Khodjali
This reference to international organizations has motivated the inclusion in article 2, paragraph 1 (i), of the following definition for the purposes of the Convention:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, held on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered the progress and introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Introduction)).
In order to review the new priorities, it was first necessary to identify obsolete activities.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections were held in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly, which established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of 1983, which currently governs the institutional life of the nation.
Decisions concerning the next meeting of the Committee on Budget and Finance, including dates and venue.
Improving and modernizing the conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi so that the conference facilities can be adequately accommodated at major meetings and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance, in the effective guarantee and observance of human rights, of the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and contained in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “National space debris safety, safety of space objects with nuclear power sources and problems relating to their collision with space debris” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on “Pentitling of the use of NPS in outer space” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.265/Add.1).
Space object function: The satellite is used for commercial and defence telecommunications.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also urges all Member States that have not yet done so to impose on financial institutions to implement, as appropriate, comprehensive precautionary and vigilance programmes that can promote transparency and prevent the illegal placement of funds;
We greatly appreciate the initiative taken by the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global marine assessment mechanism, which is based on a previous General Assembly resolution, resolution 57/141, and the report of this year of the Secretary-General, which is now resumed in draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a transparent and regular inter-agency cooperation and coordination mechanism within the United Nations system to fill the gap left by the abolition of the Subcommittee on Oceans and Coastal Areas.
In ratifying the Convention, we affirmed our belief in the application of the rule of law to the world's oceans.
The results of the project, including specific recommendations on minimizing risk to biodiversity resulting from mining activities to the oceans funds, will be forwarded by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the increase in the base/floor salary scale, the Committee noted that the issue of possible changes to the staff assessment rates to address imbalances in the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the United Nations Secretariat, which had indicated that there was no immediate change.
On 20 September, the arbitrary arrest of the members of a humanitarian commission composed of non-governmental organizations, central women workers and the Office of the Ombudsman of the Valle del Cauca, who visited Cali to support the march of the Cauca farmers.
It should be noted that Act No. 747 of 2002, which, inter alia, makes trafficking in persons a criminal offence.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda*
Such support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute to poverty reduction in the long term.
The experience of the United Nations itself shows that in most cases the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is shaped and structured by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of the conflict resolution.
In addition, disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes for ex-combatants must be implemented to combat trafficking in arms, particularly small arms, ensure the return of refugees and internally displaced persons and promote human rights.
However, at this stage of our debate, I would like to make some remarks, first of all, about the developments in the Council's work.
It is enough to examine some of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from one post-conflict situation to another.
Before discussing the role of the United Nations in overcoming these conflicts, I would like to make a comment on these conflicts themselves.
We firmly believe that in order to be credible and effective, the Council must enjoy the full confidence and support of the international community.
He also stressed that the Charter should be the basis for ensuring the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network highlighted how various partners of the international community could work together to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for the lead countries of the Youth Employment Network*
Opening of the session
The travaux préparatoires will indicate, with regard to article 2, paragraph 2 (a), that a State Party may choose to establish procedures to recognize and enforce a foreign order of freezing or seizure, or to rely on such a decision to obtain a freezing or seizure order from its own authorities.
Governments have used legislation on security to justify censorship of certain human rights information and to retaliate against defenders.
Effects: Several Parties provided an estimate of the effects of different policies on the transport sector (Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, the European Community, Estonia, France, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom).
Policies and measures with broader objectives than the only fight against climate change: The most commonly reported policies in agriculture fall within this category.
Policies and measures aimed at combating the emissions of CH4 from animal-based fermentation are focused on the decrease in the number of livestock warheads by the reduction of the number of national livestock and the scaling-up of cultural practices combined with the increase in head productivity, the reduction of domestic livestock (Belgium), the decrease in the number of livestock (Slovakia) and research programmes specifically aimed at reducing France's crops.
The special session of 2003 on the budget of the Executive Board of UNICEF will be held on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth network, which relates to renewable energy sources, should be established by the end of 2003.
Such networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
The contemporary vocabulary offers terms such as “real time” or “Internet”, as if the slightest delay in transmission and processing of information removed any reality, or in any case the loss was seriously.
All countries that measure certain economic functions share a common focus on whether the function is within the enterprise or is carried out between several firms.
Many of the measures taken over the past few years have been impossible without the progress made in terms of concepts and definitions through the OECD Working Group on Indicators for the Information Society.
Finally, the Secretariat would have to indicate the percentage of extrabudgetary resources allocated to each of the sections concerned in the previous four bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi) with the following paragraph:
In Ghana, the HIV/AIDS prevalence rate of 3.4 per cent has not declined over the past two years, although it is lower than that of other countries in the West African region, where the rates range from 5 per cent to 11 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific in terms of commitments and expenditures.
In that context, I am pleased to recall the directions we have committed to establishing in Tunisia since the change of 7 November 1987 and have identified, among the priorities, the recognition of human rights, in their various dimensions and in their overall vision, including the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The hegemonic ambitions impose an obligation on the smaller countries of the region to make high military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, Iraqis are beginning to recover with the assistance of their allies and friends, and look forward to the assistance of the international community, under the aegis of the United Nations.
If the table does not indicate a conservatory factor for any source category, a factor applicable to a category with similar characteristics should be used.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 to read as follows:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect the human rights of all persons in all their situations;
Decides to continue its consideration of the question at its sixtieth session under the agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms anywhere in the world”.
We also welcome the appointment of Mr. Jacques Klein as Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
In that regard, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the level of economic and social development, but also political, which would enable it to consider the final status problem in an immediate future.
In particular, the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Kosovo Assembly is a good sign.
Such transfer is of paramount importance.
In Kosovo, therefore, much work remains to be done.
The continuation of the Kosovo Protection Corps in this form is likely to destabilize the region, leading to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the post structure of the United Nations Secretariat
Endorses, in principle, the scenario proposed by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by the United Nations under a lease-sales contract at the end of which it would become the owner of the building and the land on which it would be built;
Decides to consider further the conference services and support services to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003, in the light of the Security Council's review of the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
Businesses are increasingly being pressured to report on the impact they may have on society and how they manage.
The text of its statement on the remaining five reports, covering the entire system, will be forwarded to delegations in due course.
One of the areas of activity that have changed significantly in recent years is the preparation of documents for ship crews.
Section III of the Penal Code, entitled “Criminal offences against individual freedom”, provides, in article 151, that anyone who deprives others of their liberty by unlawful means shall be punished by a term of six months to three years of imprisonment; if the act includes the use of threat, abuse or fraud, or if committed in the spirit of vengeance or gain, it causes serious harm to health.
Different regulations and laws apply to each component of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, to the extent possible, the names of individuals or entities associated with Usama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida who are not listed, unless the disclosure of such information undermines investigations or enforcement measures.
The main strategic engagement of South Africa in the Middle East conflict, as clearly demonstrated by the Presidential Peace Seminar on Spier, concerns the strengthening of the peace camps in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of South Africa's experience with a wide range of civil society and the Governments of Israel and Palestine; the contribution to the process of reform in Palestine and support for international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the military component of UNMIH was completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative personnel had to leave the Mission area at that date, in accordance with the wish expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources contacted, approximately 60 per cent of Liberia's territory was under the control of the rebels;
Table 10
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community committed itself to sharing the responsibility to reduce the social and environmental vulnerability of the region (the main area); to rebuild and transform Central America in line with the integrated principles of transparency and good governance; to consolidate democracy and good governance; to strengthen the decentralization process, with the active participation of civil society; to promote respect for human rights (the permanent goal) by paying special attention to gender equality and equality rights.
During the reporting period, the Council has thus considered many issues of major interest in the maintenance of international peace and security, in Europe, Asia, particularly in the Middle East, Oceania and particularly in Africa.
In the area of security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that sporadic fighting in the north, south-eastern and, to a lesser extent, in the western part of the country constituted threats.
They called for the expansion of the membership of the Security Council so that it can regain its legitimacy, be more representative of the state of global geopolitical and better reflect it.
I have the honour to refer to the letter addressed to President Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 concerning Judge Navanethem Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, requesting an extension of his mandate to the Tribunal until the completion of the so-called Media case, which should not go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention paid to the situation of women and girls and the integration of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences, special sessions and summits, as well as in the follow-up thereto, and reaffirming its commitment to building on the progress made,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the Chairman of the Commission at its twelfth session will have to come from the Group of Eastern European States and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee recommends against this position for the reasons set out in the general report.
Ms. Acar said that the Committee's concern about raising the age of marriage for reunification of families was a necessary consequence of its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether special measures had been taken, such as childcare and separate classes, to encourage immigrant women to attend Danish courses.
Over the past two decades, governance has become a matter of concern to developed countries as well as developing countries, especially as they are all facing the same kinds of problems in the beginning of the century, although there are different manifestations of corruption, the constitutional crisis, economic stagnation, ethnic conflict and growing crime.
Organization of work for the session
Requests the administering Power to cooperate in the development of programmes specifically aimed at promoting the development of sustainable economic activities and enterprises, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
Seventh session
Emphasizes the importance of simplifying and harmonizing the requests of the United Nations system to Member States for reports and urges relevant United Nations agencies and bodies to adopt, in consultation with Member States, simplified and harmonized methodologies and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and upon their request, in the preparation of national data and statistics;
“The Government of India had previously instructed the State of Karnataka to leave the country's order concerning Father François Marie Godest.
Technology had a role to play in expanding access to information, in particular geographic information systems, which, in the form of databases and software tools, could improve access to information for planning, logistics (e.g., evacuation routes) and other purposes, enable understanding and forecasting of problems in geographical space and facilitate public participation.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now have the pleasure to deliver the words that I am convinced of all of us: we have now completed our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
Since December, I have conducted a number of bilateral consultations, in group or open to all, in Geneva and New York.
According to one view, liberal policies to deal with the abuse of cannabis were not only a threat to public health but also opposed to the efforts of developing countries, which were making considerable efforts and resources to reduce cannabis cultivation in their territories.
- In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Office has engaged in several public debates and consultations on legislative reforms relating to the status of women in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 girls have benefited from this fund.
The first promotion of 116 teachers is expected to be graduated in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector are the increase in life expectancy for all Guyanese, the reduction of disparities between social groups, improved access to care and quality of care, and the guarantee that health services are provided at affordable cost.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations on judicial remedies, including a bill to ensure that lawyers are held accountable to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary steps to promote and expand cooperation and coordination between the secretariats of the two organizations in order to enable them to be better able to achieve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their concluding remarks, participants highlighted in particular the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
The distance-learning programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations were collaborating with the staff of various ministries and administrations concerned with the fight against AIDS and the lessons learned were then disseminated at the country level.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that the Group associated itself with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department suggests that the problem could be solved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 to 57/128 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the estate
(a) The sharing of information between law enforcement bodies in disputed areas or border areas; joint border control and customs control activities;
This form of integration was highlighted in the commitments made by the Copenhagen Summit and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme State Supervisory Body supervises the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of State funds by central and local government bodies, as well as the economic activities of legal persons with more than half of the shares or actions (articles 162-165 of the Constitution).
Having also considered the letter of 7 May 2003 from the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia addressed to the President of the Security Council, annexed thereto,
If necessary, it would also monitor operational, financial and personnel issues relating to MINUGUA.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Missiles”.
Those who have ordered and committed such crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nicanor Duarte Frutos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan reported that it had entered into bilateral extradition treaties with 27 States, including terrorist acts defined as extraditable offences, and reported that more than 450 alleged terrorists had been extradited under those treaties.
These activities are currently being carried out with the Commonwealth Secretariat on the drafting of legislative guides, with the Organization of American States to support the work of the Office in Haiti and with the OSCE.
Thematic communications campaigns
A senior staff member of the Department visited Brussels in June to review the preliminary arrangements with the competent officials of the Belgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed website for the Centre.
The meeting provided a useful opportunity to exchange views among Department of Public Information staff at Headquarters and their colleagues in the field, as well as several external guests, on how to manage the transition from the regionalization concept to its implementation.
The official position of the United Nations on issues of major titles is provided by the Office of the Spokesperson through press briefings, official statements, interviews and briefings.
Any person who engages in grazing or other prescribing livestock, without the permission of his or her own owners, or in grasslands around forests that supply water villages, even belonging to individuals, shall be punished by imprisonment of 6 to 18 months.
The average vacancy rates in the Professional and higher categories in several budget sections (56, 19 and 22) were higher than budgeted rates, including delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, separations and temporary appointments to higher posts (A/58/558, para.
In the sense of the Penal Code, “recruitment” means requiring a third party to act, which is not in itself punishable by law.
There are, in Swiss law, numerous criminal norms applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (annex 1 to the first report of Switzerland, 19 December 2001, listing these offences).
On 1 January 2002, the Act to improve the protection of civil courts in cases of acts of violence and unwanted sexual advances, as well as to facilitate the provision of marital housing in the event of separation (Gesetz zur Verbserung des zivilgerichtlichen Schutzes bi Gewaltaen und Nachstellungen zur Erleichre der Überluchi)
This applies only if the person was insured in the Federal Employment Service before receiving maternity benefits or starting with raising children, or in cases where unemployment or unemployment benefit has ceased to be paid.
A balanced participation of women and men in the political system has not yet been achieved.
In addition, in the face of the increasing number of divorces, women are no longer eligible for the survivor's pension;
Part II contains a presentation of the measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
Also in this area, the Federal Government's plan of action provides for a series of measures to improve the data situation by reorganizing the criminal statistics of the police and completing a representative survey on violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children, held in Yokohama in December 2001, it became evident that there was a greater awareness of the problems of sexual exploitation of children and that many measures had been taken.
This decision seeks to prevent and combat the production, processing, distribution and possession of pornographic materials involving children on the Internet.
- Offenders - differentiate rather than generalize;
6.4 Judicial proceedings initiated against Germans who committed sexual violence abroad
The previous regulations on the right of custody and the right of visit did not provide for the right to custody of unmarried parents.
- Manual for municipal equality activities in Saxis, prepared by the Ministry of State for Women and Men (Sax);
- Requirement for all land and local authorities, as well as for all other legal persons subject to the supervision of the State free of Saxis under the Act, to work towards the equal participation of women and men (section 15 of the Saxis Act) of 31 March 1994 (SächsFG) (SächsVBI), p. 15).
Social support, civil commitment
Gleichberechtigungskonzept “ Kont für die Förderung der gleichberechtigen Betiligung von Frauen und Männern among Entwicklungsprozess”
The only solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which has become increasingly serious in recent times, is the implementation of the road map elaborated by the Quartet, as was said, in the Quartet Declaration at its last meeting in New York.
The issue before us highlights the fragile situation and the importance of developing a more comprehensive peace agreement for the entire Middle East region.
Rule 8
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as in the past two years, the debate, instead of focusing on the annual theme, would focus on the High Commissioner's introductory statement.
Programme, administrative and financial questions
1997-present Member of the International Association of Prosecutors.
These measures should enable the tracing and control of firearms holders.
Women and girls who are the victims of trafficking are subjected to acts of violence and have their fundamental rights seriously violated.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibn Chambas Executive Secretary
Moreover, since the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular staff from the scope of the study, the logical approach was to exclude officials of international organizations.
Administrative and financial questions 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not falter and that we will have the political will to continue to move forward, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/227 entitled “Further measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic, social and related fields”.
We also join previous speakers in thanking the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields” (A/58/359).
The National Malaria Policy and Strategy Plan was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to involve local governments, civil society and the private sector in the development and implementation of road safety policies.
It may also consider the possibility of implementing the Secretary-General's proposals, contained in his report to the United Nations Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and of setting up an informal ad hoc informal working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss measures for the peaceful settlement of disputes that may be implemented in the case of conflicts that are already brought to the attention of the Council or will be brought to its attention shortly.
When the Security Council is in a position to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, in order to put an end to wars and promote peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of regional peace and security, the international community may no doubt invest greater hopes in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
This balance must be said to be the primary responsibility for the parties themselves, even if they may call for external intervention to help them resolve their disputes.
We must firmly reaffirm our commitment to the rule of law in relations between States and thus to the peaceful settlement of disputes, including recourse to jurisdictional remedies.
(a) To take measures to protect students from violence, bodily harm or ill-treatment, including sexual violence and bullying in schools, to establish complaints mechanisms that are accessible to children, and to investigate thoroughly all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit, by 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), which would include:
Furthermore, the Council is reviewing the system of accountability, which has served as an inter-agency coordination mechanism in response to the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-Chairman, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem closely linked to other global problems that are at the heart of the United Nations mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, as well as each party to an armed conflict, shall mark and remove, withdraw or destroy explosive remnants of war in the affected territories under its control.
Welcoming the continued cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Economic Cooperation and Development Organization and other organizations working in the field of competition law and policy, and in particular the commitment made at the Fourth WTO Ministerial Conference, in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Awais
The deployment of MINUCI is being carried out satisfactorily, with the arrival of a first group of 26 liaison officers in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new communications strategy is being developed in preparation for the World Summit on the Information Society, to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The intervention of the United Nations system in East Timor has been particularly interesting and informative in order to confirm its positive results and to prevent future dysfunction.
The work started in May 2000 and the document was distributed in the next November; the overall framework had been prepared and approved by UNTAET.
Albania*, Algeria, Andorra*, Angola*, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh*, Belarus*, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina*, Brazil, Bulgaria*, Cameroon, Canada, Chile*, Costa Rica, Croatia, Czech Republic*, Denmark*, Dominican Republic*, Ecuador*, Finland*, France, Georgia*, Greece*, Guatemala, Hungary*, Iceland*, Italy*, Japan, Liechtenstein*, Luxembourg*, Malta*, Mexico, Netherlands*, Nicaragua*, Norway*, Panama*, Spain*, Sweden, Philippines*, Portugal*,
In the preamble to this instrument, States parties state that “determined to put an end to the suffering and loss of life caused by anti-personnel mines that kill or maim hundreds of people every week, mostly innocent and defenceless civilians, in particular children, obstruct economic development and reconstruction, prevent the repatriation of refugees and internally displaced persons and have other severe consequences for years after their establishment”.
Allow me to thank all delegations for encouraging me in my efforts and consultations, and to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and the entire secretariat, for their effective assistance.
In this context, the close links between MANPADS and small arms were examined.
We call on coalition forces to achieve this essential goal and to intensify coordination with relevant international bodies and institutions to enable the country to return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of an international fund for Iraqi higher education in order to provide immediate and long-term support for the rehabilitation of higher education in our country, Iraq.
We have taken note of the Secretary-General's call for the realignment of our institutions by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this theme will in fact depend on the degree of objectivity of our approach and the realistic nature of the proposed measures.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has declined, their role in national strategies in some countries has not been drastically reduced.
I firmly believe that for all the countries of East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and we all believe that the erosion of credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interest of any of the East Asian countries.
Mr. PETÖCZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that it supported that idea.
First, the analysis of Security Council resolutions, unilateral statements by nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones shows that security assurances are generally accompanied by reservations by the nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDERS (Netherlands): Mr. President, although this meeting is already the last speaker, I think it is the first time that I am taking the floor since assuming this function.
Emphasizes the importance of developing the capacities of indigenous people, in terms of human resources and institutions, to find solutions to their problems by themselves;
The Board reviews and approves the financial statements and reports on the audit of these statements submitted to it by the Committee on Budget and Finance, together with the observations it considers appropriate.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial arrangements.
It is also important to emphasize that the current level of assistance is insufficient.
In our view, it is important at this stage that national mine-action strategies be put in place to ensure an effective decision-making process on short, medium and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has established the Lebanese National Office for Demining, and has established, with the assistance of the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, the Mine Action Coordination Centre in southern Lebanon.
This can be achieved through a protocol annexed to the Convention and would take into account the security interests of countries while helping us to eliminate the old mines, which, like the new ones, destroy lives and property and hinder efforts to end desertification, achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
As of June 2003, contributions to the Fund amounted to only $4.7 billion, while the estimated total expenditure was about $10.5 billion per year to effectively implement prevention, treatment, care and support programmes.
Country offices
Credit line - similar to those contained in the UNDP, UNFPA and UNICEF Financial Regulations
In considering agenda items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of children), 115 (Elimination of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will provide for a dialogue between its members and the special rapporteurs and representatives who will report on their activities.
Today, the world has some 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
While the conventions on the need to respect human rights were essential instruments, it was also necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Panel endorses this decision and fixed the date of loss for Palestinian category “C” claims by 2 August 1990.
Recognizing that domestic violence against women involves human rights,
Owing to their separate legal structures, the role of technical cooperation specialized agencies was not addressed.
Such simplicity has a price, i.e. an arbitrary one, and the tribute of the details.
Why are they engaged in technical cooperation?
The latter has taken the initiative to support the coordination of gender issues.
(b) Its resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “An Agenda for Peace: Preventive diplomacy and related matters”, its resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1993 entitled “An Agenda for Peace”, in particular section IV entitled “Special economic problems arising from the implementation of preventive or enforcement measures”, and its resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997, entitled “Supplement to the Agenda for Peace”, in particular annex II entitled “Question of sanctions imposed by the United Nations”.
The building and development of democracy and the approach taken by the United Nations system on this issue must take into account the fact that there is no single recipe to achieve democracy.
In that statement, the Secretary-General affirmed the considerable importance of the culture of peace, and the attention to be given to this universal Organization as a whole and not just one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the celebration of the International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World, 2001-2010, is more than an altruistic aspiration of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the objectives set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, as well as in the outcome document of the World Food Summit: five years later, in which the commitment to eradicate hunger is renewed,
Stressing the need for local industrial transformation of commodity production in developing countries, in particular African countries and the least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and to stabilize and increase their export earnings, thus promoting sustainable economic growth and their integration into the world economy,
Accordingly, I appointed Mr. Parker as a permanent judge of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia as of 4 December 2003, for the remainder of the term of office of Mr. David Hunt, until 16 November 2005.
This programme of action remains a benchmark year in the process of disarmament.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations would like to point out that, in the view of the Government of Colombia, operative paragraph 2 of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider identifying the principles that could serve as a framework for regional agreements on conventional arms control, could enable the Conference to resume part of its activities and overcome its impasse over the past three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on Territorial Asylum of the Organization of American States, OAS Convention on Diplomatic Asylum, United Nations Declaration on Territorial Asylum.
Its effects go far beyond borders and therefore international cooperation was absolutely essential.
It was up to the Third Committee, which was responsible for the social programme, to ensure that the programme was well understood and translated into reality.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to enter into commitments for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003 in the amount not exceeding $12 million to be funded from the cumulative balance of the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission;
The Special Rapporteur intends to submit a final report in 2004 to consider these two issues so that the first reading can be completed during the same session.
The Equal Opportunities Commission and the Equal Opportunities Fund have been established with the aim of establishing cooperation with the private sector on all issues related to women's employment.
The use of these targeted summaries would be flexible, optional and based on available data.
For its consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note by the Secretariat on information exchange: the establishment of an electronic clearing house (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
To that end, future workshops could also consider an exchange between restricted groups of participants from industrialized, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
He also referred to the various technical assistance projects supported by the Commission, including the INFOCAP network, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on national profiles.
Items on the provisional agenda of regular meetings
Quorum in open-ended subsidiary bodies
The communication may include suggestions on the solutions that the Party considers most appropriate in the particular case;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims corrections
Norway urges all countries to agree on a modus operandi to relieve and protect the victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and to strengthen their national efforts in parallel with international efforts.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that, while, in principle, her country believed, as the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression (A/CONF.189/PC.2/24), the Internet was a unique tool for promoting human rights, it was recognized that in practice the Internet had no positive implications for new rights.
The best way to reach consensus on the guiding principles is to hold consultations with Governments.
Mr. Paul Krugman, School of Public and International Affairs, Princeton University; Mr. Jagdish Bhagwati, Professor of Economics and Head of the Chaire Arthur Lehman, Columbia University; Mr. Manuel Orozco, Project Director of Central America for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Ouedraogo, Consul of Burkina Faso, will make presentations.
Information on workshops and training courses on combating international terrorism
Moreover, it is not clear how macroeconomic and structural reforms that are required in the process of poverty reduction strategies affect poverty and social conditions.
Therefore, new solutions to rapidly increase international liquidity are still being considered by various means, including the temporary allocation of special drawing rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, His Majesty is no longer presiding over the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, who meets every year in rotation, is now the Head of Government and, in fact, the Prime Minister.
The Government agencies of Bhutan are obliged to recognize that women are a significant part of the population to which they are targeted and therefore need to design, implement and continue to provide services tailored to the specific needs of women and men.
This is mainly due to the development of primary education and the fact that schools are more successful in retaining their students.
Multisectoral task forces have been established to combat the growing threat of HIV/AIDS at the national level.
Many men welcome the greater number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another limited scope study on women's participation in financial decisions, 27 per cent of women surveyed said that they were only involved in decisions on obtaining financial loans, while 14 per cent were in joint decision-making with their husbands.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has taken initiatives to improve the capacity of public sector staff in a large number of countries by providing advice, at the request, on public administration reform.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established the responsibility of Iraq for losses related to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
The Panel finds this rate also applicable to claims for loss of funds, which are similar.
See also the decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph 79 of the E2(7); paragraph 71 of the E2(1) report; and paragraph 89 of the E2(13).
E2(3) report, paragraphs 97-99.
Report of the United Kingdom on the achievement of the goals and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East
Pursuant to article 8, paragraph 1, of the Extradition Act, persons who have committed terrorist acts, even if they are considered to be political crimes, may be extradited.
What are our goals?
The Secretary-General's report reminds us that the situation in Iraq is facing challenges that are real challenges and that call upon all of us here and now the international community to call the coalition.
The establishment of a strong civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like, on behalf of my Government, to extend its deep appreciation to the Council's mission and to the Council in its entirety for its determination to find answers to complex issues facing our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other United Nations coordination mechanisms.
- Support for associations and organizations working to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The programme lasts 10 months, including 5 months of theoretical education in Madrid and 4 months and a half of practical education in developing countries' organizations; an evaluation phase in Madrid is also planned.
These groups are young people between 16 and 30 years of age, women employed in professions that are deemed to be masculinities, over 45 years of age, persons who have been unemployed for 6 months or older and workers who, at the time of the conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same enterprise under an indefinite or fixed-term contract prior to 31 December 2003, including training contracts.
It is in the age class of 25-29 years that women's daily consumption of tobacco is the most significant.
This improvement is, however, less marked among women (37% of long-term unemployed) than men (55.36%).
Members of Permanent Missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress made in the establishment and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic fact remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflicts, in the most cynical and cruel manner, throughout the world.
This meeting is the first public meeting of the Security Council in 2003, the full year of challenges that I believe will be ready to meet.
We will firmly join all efforts to ensure respect for international agreements in this field.
These areas are often areas of non-right.
Activities in response to the request
- More than 150,000 homes or apartments (or total of 23,570,000 square kilometres) were looted and destroyed;
(c) Up to 31 December 2001, the accounts of the United Nations were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The computerized Model for Analysis and Evaluation of Feasibility Studies (COMFAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programme framework and the strategic directions of the United Nations on South-South cooperation, as well as the thematic initiatives of the United Nations on, inter alia, trade facilitation, the exploitation of rural energy for productive purposes and the rehabilitation and reconstruction of the emerging industry,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that the rapid development of socio-economic conditions, cultural, individual and social factors, as well as the supply of illicit drugs, have exacerbated the problem of the use of psychoactive substances at the global level,
In view of the ambiguity in the English title of the topic, the Commission decided to continue to take as a working hypothesis that the subject was concerned with “activities” and to postpone formal changes to the title.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the heading “United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace Resource requirements (before recosting): $300 500 with the resource requirements (before recosting): $364,200
The Commission asked the Government to indicate whether it envisaged amending the relevant provisions of the above-mentioned laws in order to include the principle referred to in the Convention.
These decisions were taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, including participants in the weekly meetings on economic issues and senior officials of Iraqi public institutions, and initial budgetary proposals were prepared by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are, in effect, considerable benefits for the Iraqi people.
The percentage of Afghan women employed by UNHCR increased from nearly zero in the beginning of 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme and 36 per cent of all national protection staff.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers of Defence and Security in September should finalize the constitution of the Government of National Reconciliation and thus eliminate an important obstacle in the peace process.
Nevertheless, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution provides that the President of the Republic may delegate some of its powers to the members of the Government.
Beyond what we divide, we have a collective responsibility to regain the unity of the international community to face those threats.
We have begun consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the current oil-for-food programme that would ensure the continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicine in Iraq.
The programme of work continues to be studied by my authorities, and we reserve the right to give our views on the programme as soon as that analysis has been completed.
If a Party considered that it needed assistance to stop methyl bromide consumption to stabilize the dates, it could remind the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming that it operates by consensus,
(i) 680 ODP tonnes in 2004;
All unload operations should be carried out on locations that are planned for this purpose, which are limited to authorized personnel.
The financial mechanism has been established in accordance with Article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to provide financial and technical cooperation to Parties operating under paragraph 1 of Article 5 to enable them to comply with the regulatory measures provided for in Articles 2A to 2E and Article 2I or any other regulatory measures set out in Articles 2F to 2H pursuant to Article 5 bis of the Protocol.
Law enforcement officers had also participated in overseas training programmes.
Some States also reported on telephone, telex and postal services.
(3) The party seeking to enforce an interim measure of protection shall promptly inform the court of any such suspension or modification.
Suggestions to improve the language of the bracketed text were made, including that the court could suspend the enforcement proceedings until the parties had the opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties had been duly notified.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be given a more visible and important role in supporting international affairs management and in implementing the economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of appropriate information, communication and transport technologies should also be supported by technical cooperation and investment required to build the capacity of local service providers, or to build such capacities, may require donor support or funding from international financial institutions.
A similar consequence is provided in the United Kingdom, where the consumer is entitled to cancel the contract, unless a court competent to hear disputes relating to the contract in question decides otherwise at the request of the service provider.
In Afghanistan, the full implementation of the reintegration programme was achieved by the end of 2002.
Procedure
The estimates are based on a exchange rate of €0.89 per United States dollar.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, where necessary, at subsequent sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward reported on the outcome of those consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Harvard Law School (Winter 2003), Visiting Professor Robert F. Kennedy, in association with Professor Philip Heyman, a course entitled “Bring power to justice” analysing the different functions of prosecutors in common law and civil law countries and examining the different national and international approaches used to try the State actors responsible for violations of the law; also organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption”.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as the entity responsible for the operation of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its Climate Change focal point and the Special Climate Change Fund for the implementation of the activities mentioned in the context of meaningful and effective actions to strengthen the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention,
Welcoming the initial progress made in implementing the framework for meaningful and effective actions to enhance the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, annexed to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial results, 2002-2003
He also noted with appreciation the financial and other assistance provided to the Programme by the Government of Austria, the authorities of Styrie and the City of Graz, Austria, the Department of Geography of the University of Stockholm, Metria, the Swedish National Office of Topography and the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, many of the people infected with this virus are not aware of it.
This project has targeted the PANK steering committee and secondary and secondary schools.
Recommends that consideration be given to the holding of a joint informal debate that could contribute to the work of each Committee; better use could be made of the debate of the General Assembly in plenary on the issues considered by the two Committees;
This important work has been possible thanks, inter alia, to the competence and perseverance of the Committee, through its subcommittees and experts.
In the event of the dissolution of marriage after its consumption, the woman has the right, in addition to her maintenance during the period of vie, to compensation whose amount cannot exceed one year of maintenance, in accordance with the means of the ex-mari, and is paid on a monthly basis from the end of the period of viuity, unless otherwise agreed between the two parties on the amount and the manner of payment.
The table below shows the changes in the education budget during the 1993/94 to 1997/98 school years:
Day-care centres are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which regularly carries out inspections to ensure that such facilities comply with the regulations.
In this regard, the State of Kuwait wishes to recall that its constitution, in many of its provisions, makes equality one of the pillars of Kuwaiti society, first in the preamble, and then in article 7, which covers various aspects of this principle by linking it to the dignity of human beings, rights and duties.
Effective management will also improve recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
National Coordinator of the Global Marche against Child Labour, 1998
Adviser on the Development of a Social Justice Course Programme, Department of Population Studies, Tribhuvan University, 1999
Each State Party shall provide information to the Conference of the States Parties, as requested by the Conference of the States Parties, on its programmes, plans and practices, as well as on its legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
If the status quo refuses any prospect, freedom and the development of those who are hungry and who live in despair, the temptation of anarchy and extremism, as a means of making change, becomes much more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to appoint Ambassador Tzchev of Bulgaria as President of the Annual Conference of the States Parties to be held in 2003 and the representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland, as Vice-Presidents.
Declarations and reservations
Rapporteur: Ishatiaq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and should strengthen universal human rights standards, as contained in international human rights instruments, and contribute to their protection,
(c) Should a special debate be decided, its theme should be relevant to human rights and should take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This should not be repeated.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and regular compilation of recommendations made over the years by the various thematic mechanisms.
Contribution to both resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They deal with the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (d) (i), (ii) and (iii), on the development of short, medium and long-term proposals for the elimination of racial discrimination against people of African descent, including proposals for a mechanism to monitor and promote all human rights, taking into account the need to work closely with international institutions and the United Nations development system.
As for the Haraz centre in Iran, it was a technology centre for human resources development in order to overcome land and develop such rice-producing land.
Lastly, she asked the State party to conduct a national health survey and to consider the findings in the next periodic report.
Therefore, the duty to protect it also rested with the entire world.
- Placement of the two sites by appropriate means (millages or pit);
Some observers predicted a possible increase in the request by the United States for Iraqi oil wells.
It is essential to give new directions to the economic cooperation of Arab countries by assigning the private sector a growing role in development and economic choice.
The Foundation was able to obtain approximately €5 million, which enabled the start of work on the site.
At present, four resident coordinators are UNICEF officials (half are women), including one woman at the duty station.
If these conditions are met, the goals and targets approved at the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Moreover, the financial implications of the establishment of an additional office in Brussels were not taken into account by ITC.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has moved closer to the United Nations gender equality goals set in 1990.
(a) The nine regional offices should be progressively strengthened through the redeployment of technical posts from Headquarters.
At the same time, the SCO member States are constantly and consistently guided by the principle that the fight against terrorism must be based on the norms and principles of international law and cannot be equated with a fight against any religion, country or nationality.
(continued) (IDB.27/19 and Add.1 and 2; IDB.27/CRP.3)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Request for consultative status submitted by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with annex I to General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the proposed themes for the high-level segment and the coordination segment of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit to you the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The Afghan people have lured the decision to extend their mandate.
The draft resolutions under these agenda items reflect that determination and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) Use, in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee established by resolution 661 (1990), prior to the expiration of the period set out in paragraph 10 below, and taking into account the recommendations made by the Office of the Iraq Programme, the funds deposited in accordance with paragraphs 8 (a) and (b) of resolution 986 (1995), as necessary and as appropriate, to settle the amounts agreed to cover the additional costs of shipment,
10-11 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
Since the costs associated with the work of the Working Group are included in the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would not affect the Working Group.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the large majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate substantive discussions at the session of the Commission, the secretariat prepared a thematic note entitled “Responsibilities for enhancing the competitiveness of SMEs” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Chairpersons of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and the Chairpersons of the Committees, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right to vote provided that they are representatives of participating States;
As a general rule, meetings of the General Committee, subcommittees or working groups are closed.
The Council expressed its concern at the continuing regional instability factors and requested the Secretary-General to make recommendations as soon as possible on how to address these subregional and cross-border problems, with a particular focus on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also deplored the lack of political contacts between the parties and asked them to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government, in its opinion, submits all draft laws.
It was to be hoped that the report could be submitted to the Commission at a future session, particularly since the document issued in 1991 following the World Summit for Children and the outcome of the United Nations special session on children, held in 2002, had explicitly mentioned the situation of children under foreign occupation.
In line with the second Millennium Development Goal, in 1996, the Government had instituted free and compulsory basic education for all, which had significantly improved school attendance rates.
To avoid such incidents, it is imperative for States parties to be present at the time of the meeting.
“The Security Council stresses the readiness of the United Nations to promote political dialogue at the request of the United Nations and to provide strong support to meet the humanitarian and development challenges of border demarcation.
It may acquire or alienize immovable property or movable property in accordance with these Rules and Rules.
The Meeting has three days from 16 to 18 July 2003 to complete its work.
According to these corroborated reports, the situation in the valley remained calm, without serious incident, throughout the reporting period.
Observations
Quadrennial reports 1997-2000 submitted through the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report submitted pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know what indicators are best suited, which should necessarily be relevant to different aspects of the right to health and then to the ongoing work of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that prolonged solitary confinement of a detained or imprisoned person may be assimilated to acts prohibited by article 7.
Paragraph 1 of article 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any person deprived of his or her liberty under the laws and authority of the State and is detained in a prison, a hospital, in particular psychiatric hospitals, a detention camp, a rehabilitation centre or another place.
To that end, it must be determined whether a unilateral statement was a reservation or an interpretative declaration and its admissibility and effects.
Thirty-eighth session (1990)*
(l) To continue to cooperate with the Committee in promoting the successful implementation of the Convention;
(h) Raise public awareness of the importance of programmes of measures focusing on the situation of victims of descent-based discrimination;
In some States, traditional and cultural practices are harmful to the health of women and children.
States parties should also report on measures taken to ensure rapid access to services related to family planning in particular, sexual and reproductive health in general.
For example, the article emphasizes the importance of respect for parents, the need to consider rights within their general ethical, moral, spiritual, cultural or social framework and the fact that most children's rights, far from being imposed from the outside, are rooted in the values of local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, which updates recent meetings, activities and products.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, adopted by heads of State and Government at the United Nations Millennium Summit, in which they committed themselves to eradicate extreme poverty, in particular to halve, by 2015, the proportion of the world's people whose income is less than one dollar a day and the proportion of people who suffer from hunger,
In 2001, the Government limited the duration of work permits granted to foreign workers to six years to ensure that more Bermudians are recruited and trained for the best jobs.
The United Kingdom Government has continued to advocate that legislators adopt European human rights standards, particularly with regard to sexual discrimination.
Pursuant to paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/1191, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations to consider all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without the right to vote, in the deliberations of those bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “Synergies and responses: strategic alliances in crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat computer-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, it invited Governments of Latin American and Caribbean countries and other interested Governments to participate in the regional meeting of Heads of National Drug Law Enforcement Agencies, with a view to establishing the meeting of heads of national drug law enforcement agencies, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and to provide the necessary financial resources for the meeting,
(a) Partnerships are voluntary initiatives by Governments and various stakeholders: major groups and institutions;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other business.
Introducing the item, the representative of the Secretariat drew attention to the documentation prepared in this regard (see annex VII) and indicated the possible action taken by the Committee.
Decides to submit the following to the Conference of the Parties for its consideration and possible decision at its first meeting:
An alternate or adviser may act as a representative on the appointment of the head of the delegation.
Subject to rules 28 to 32 and changes decided by the Conference of the Parties, these rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The chairperson or rapporteur of a subsidiary body may be accorded precedence in explaining the conclusions of this subsidiary body.
He indicated that his organization had supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities related to persistent organic pollutant derivatives, including the project on identification and quantification of dioxin and furan releases in Thailand, the organization of the expert group meeting on best available techniques and best environmental practices and workshops on good industry management, which had enabled the exchange of best practices on the management of POPs in Brazil.
To that end, the Monterrey document reiterates the importance of the principle of cooperation.
Only a few countries were monitoring the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective border controls, using reliable estimation methods.
He noted that comparative studies had made the problem more complex.
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org).
A preparatory mission consisting of IAEA and UNMOVIC staff, including the IAEA Director-General and the Executive Chairman of the Commission, visited Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet with their Iraqi counterparts led by Mr. Amer H. Al-Saadi, adviser to the Chairman, to discuss further logistical arrangements and to relocate the office of the inspectors to Baghdad.
The website of Agenda 21 for Sport and Environment is www.unep/org/cpi/sport_env (all sports activities).
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi show that there are opportunities to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, long-term reconstruction and development.
The failure of Cancún is the result of what happened in Doha, where the major trading countries refused to grant concessions on development issues.
Switzerland attaches high priority to the preservation of humanitarian space in all circumstances and without derogation.
“The severe internal and external closures, the increase in curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have resulted in further deterioration of economic indicators and increased poverty and unemployment among Palestinians.
Here, it should be recalled that the responsibility of individual and collective parties to the Convention to respect its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the prior concurrence of the Advisory Committee, the amounts that may be required to cover the anticipated payment of insurance premiums if the period of insurance extends beyond the biennium in which the payment is made, on the understanding that the Secretary-General shall make such credits for each biennium for the duration of the policies in order to cover the amounts due for the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments are not sufficient to prevent violations; there is also a need to take strict measures to address the social and human problems that encourage them, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement and social inequality between the peoples of developing countries and the advanced countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, to be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Protection Force, the United Nations Operation in Côte d'Ivoire, the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force and the Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti;
Obviously, it remains vital that each of us continue to participate in the years to come.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of control is becoming increasingly important at both the regional and international levels, and effective verification becomes necessary to ensure international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpiles by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to having ratified the Treaty, have already individually expressed their opposition to nuclear weapons in addition to one occasion.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on those principles.
Of this amount of $270 million, $250,000 is provided for the ICAO tender.
Resource requirements
Chief of Liaison and Protocol Liaison Officer A and Liaison Officer B
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and Council resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is important if the origin of the funds is lawful or unlawful, only the act of collection and its purpose.
The Bradley report indicated that any policy adopted by the Council to meet the needs of any of the options would take at least one year.
ESPAGNOL
“Terrorism - Whoever causes an explosion or fire or any other act that puts people at risk of death, undermines their health, causes considerable material damage or causes other harmful consequences to society, with the aim of harming public order, spreading panic among the population or influencing the adoption of decisions by public authorities or international organizations, or threatening to commit such acts”.
Women remain mainly present in low-paying and low-level positions.
Draft decision II
We therefore encourage those States that have not yet done so to submit their statements to the Secretary-General in order to achieve the universality of the Court.
Their infatigable participation, coupled with their strong commitment and diplomatic skills, is a major factor in the success of the work of the Special Committee.
To date, as is the case for all treaties, the end of negotiations marks the real beginning of the commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 94.
Washington, 11 April 1949
The draft resolution, entitled “ Almaty Programme of Action: partnerships designed to meet the special needs of landlocked developing countries and to establish a new global framework for transit transport cooperation between landlocked and transit developing countries”, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I now have the pleasure to introduce the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
He welcomed the decision of the European Union to establish a peace support facility to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the implementation of the African Union peace initiatives.
The right to know the truth about past events is essential in order to prevent the same violations from recurring.
My Government has firmly committed itself to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be much more representative in order to reflect the demographic and geopolitical realities and credibility.
Outreach services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee on 28 April 2003
We have succeeded in understanding that success or failure in any area, if important, cannot mean the salut or loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to respond to the questions raised, such as the presentation by all United Nations information centres of an annual plan outlining its activities around a strategically selected message.
In order to plan and make further adjustments without budget overruns, we have had to review some of our priorities and we propose to reallocate resources accordingly for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had advantages in some aspects of the negotiations and should contribute to their preparation through its analytical work, consensus building and technical cooperation.
However, these products had low national value added content.
The commodity-dependent LDCs were faced with a particularly difficult challenge, as the prices of commodities had declined significantly in real terms.
Development assistance strategies had been redefined to support poverty reduction and many donors included trade-related technical assistance and investment.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and acceding countries to the European Union (Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia, Cyprus, Malta and Turkey), said that coherence was important and that, in that regard, participation in the sessions of the Council of Representatives of other agencies and organizations was positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) has helped the Study Group to build and expand partnerships.
With a view to strengthening its outreach and facilitating contacts with national policy makers, the Special Unit has established a web-based database, which includes the focal points of policymakers and ICT officials in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General, within existing resources, to allocate the necessary financial and administrative resources for the effective functioning of the inter-agency secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts made by the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate, and requests it to continue to:
Documentation
Election of a representative Government successor to the Afghan Transitional Authority following free and fair elections in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a women's guide is published periodically, which addresses issues such as civil status, marriage, food obligation, inheritance, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land and credit, and the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo-Addo.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Considerations relating to the possibility of the United Nations serving as supervisory authority under the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the ECOWAS forces and the French forces, in the fulfilment of their mandates in accordance with resolution 1464 (2003), to continue to work in close consultation with the Special Representative and the Follow-up Committee and to continue to report periodically on all aspects of the implementation of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council, as document S/2003/500.
The Lusaka regime for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Second, it is essential to help Africans build their capacities in peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted late to the conference services, without the explanation required by the General Assembly in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in the event of a late submission of a report to the conference services.
The International Business Companies Act 2000, provides for the elimination of actions to be taken by the holder and, where such actions have already been issued, their reminder and their replacement.
These services include the direction or execution of financial services in the Bahamas or from the Bahamas, including online financial services, the registration of international directors or directors of international commercial companies, the provision of licensed services to international commercial companies, the provision of service services to international commercial companies, the provision of support services to companies registered under the Act.
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements allow for the inclusion of some persons on a national exclusion list.
Their participation in the workshop was beneficial.
For example, the Section provided advice on the rules to be followed in the case of nationally executed projects, drawing on the experience of UNDP in this area.
In 17 offices, the control of presences and absences was not done in the rules.
This feedback has also raised awareness of the importance of planning regular project audits.
In this regard, Governments were encouraged to request their implementing agencies to use the same reporting format in order to simplify and facilitate reporting on activities within the prescribed deadlines.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78-109.
The staffing table could be further reduced in the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991, from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/23306, S/23307, S/23308, S/23309 and S/23317)
The information that organizations should obtain and seek to verify would include: audited results for the past five years; past and present judicial difficulties; identity of other major clients.
Also affirms the firm determination of the United Nations to treat all bidders, whether in procurement or outsourcing, on a geographical basis as wide as possible;
Mr. Negroponte (United States of America): First, I thank Assistant Secretary-General Türk for his timely briefing on the progress of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Since 1998, Montserrat had been in a phase of “recovery and reconstruction”, it had been difficult to cope with a growing emergency situation while facilitating the development process.
These funds have provided funding for environmental, training and health projects, as well as legal and legislative programmes.
With regard to the currency of payment, it was necessary to inform the consignor of funds of the benefits of the formal system vis-à-vis other channels in terms of security and speed of transfers.
• It works for the fair and expeditious trial of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of relations with the administration, the Federation had encountered many difficulties owing to the lack of clear lines of human rights and people with the knowledge and skills needed to approve the projects.
With regard to strengthening the resident coordinator system, increased participation of United Nations specialized and technical agencies in the functioning of the resident coordinator system is considered by Member States as a positive step.
Owing to armed conflicts and civil unrest in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania has remained one of the most refugees in recent years.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary steps to ensure the translation, in the Somali language, of the present resolution, including an appropriate explanatory note, and the wide dissemination of this text in the country, through the Human Rights Officer for Somalia located in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for groups at risk, in particular drug abusers, to reduce the risk of transmission of infectious diseases such as the human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda for the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting is contained in annex I.
Discussion
The view was expressed that the Office should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States continued to receive documents in an appropriate form.
The addition of the words “support to efforts to promote new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was contested as the Second Committee had not yet reached consensus on the issue.
Some members suggested that the publication should be made rather than distributed free of charge.
The Council's consultations with the member countries of the New Partnership and ECA had been welcomed.
A/58/6 (Sect.15) Human settlements
Investigations into the cause of damage may also be long, particularly in countries where the maritime security authorities and/or the courts themselves investigate the demographies and take some time to issue their findings.
In the context of the draft amendment to Act No. 1015 entitled “Brive y rense los actos heícito a laitimación deinero ouxes (Act on the Prevention and Punishment of Unlawful Acts to legitimize Capital or Assets), it is envisaged to expand the scope of application of the Act, even if article 11 (n) of the present text is “any other physical activity”.
It is important for the Commission not to dispersed its attention.
It must also reaffirm its belief in the importance of the participation of civil society as a strategic partner in the work of United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions under which women are exercising their professional and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 265 of the Labour Code, mothers raising three or more children under 16 years of age, or two children and more for women living alone, receive one day of additional leave per week, paid in accordance with the average daily wage.
The link between reproductive rights and family law is evident: maternity and paternity are the direct consequence of the exercise of the reproductive rights of citizens.
The adoption of new codes of marriage and the family, and work was the most significant step in the development of legislation.
UNIDO's investment and technology promotion activities focus on promoting substantive partnerships and linkages (such as technology transfer, subcontracting, common marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign firms and national firms.
In this regard, the cleaner production programme has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO's services aimed at enhancing energy efficiency, with a view to training the personnel assigned to PNPP and PNPP and the identification, development and implementation of technical cooperation projects to be submitted to the Kyoto Protocol and GEF.
However, it is ready to provide the Commission with any additional information that it may wish.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It reviews the results achieved in the areas of development and organization, focusing in particular on the linkages between evaluations, knowledge acquisition, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC plans to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on this issue in the near future.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,696,600
Demands that the parties of Liberia cease hostilities throughout the territory of Liberia and comply with their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the Ceasefire Agreement, including in relation to collaboration in the formation of the Joint Monitoring Commission established by the Ceasefire Agreement;
Invites donor countries and recipient countries to consider including, in their bilateral training programmes and projects for armed forces, security forces, prison staff, police and medical personnel, issues relating to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture, while bearing in mind their gender dimension;
The Study Group held an initial exchange of views on the basis of the report of the 2002 Study Group (A/57/10, paras. 489-513); and the thematic summary prepared by the Secretariat of the debate held by the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
Programme resources
• Ensure the overall management of the decision-making processes and activities of the Office of the Prosecutor as required under the relevant provisions of the Court's legal infrastructure and the Office of the Prosecutor's rules
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit highly qualified persons so as to have a diverse workforce and adjusted staffing by providing career opportunities and training opportunities, ensuring effective management of their entitlements and rights, and establishing a system to ensure that all staff are physically, psychologically and emotionally able to perform their duties.
• All special equipment and articles are received and inspected before their admission to the Court
• Development of new Intranet modules
Material organization in The Hague and the field
Three interpreters per language in French, English, Russian and Spanish and four in Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider adopting appropriate legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of this Convention and in accordance with the fundamental principles of its domestic law, in order to increase transparency in the financing of candidates for elected public office and, as appropriate, the financing of political parties.
(a) Public dissemination of information regarding procurement procedures and procurement, including information on relevant procurement appeals and procurement information, with sufficient time available to potential bidders to prepare and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the lack of dual criminality to deny assistance under this article.
(c) The special needs of Africa: the consolidation of democracy, sustainable peace, eradication of poverty and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, a very poor developing country, more than others in the same category, is described in the following box: how the country works, with the assistance of the United Nations system, to engage various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “Everything but Arms”, the Group of 77 looked forward to exploring with its development partners how to promote such policies in such a way that they directly contribute to the improvement of living conditions in African countries, to which the international community should provide full support if it was to achieve the goal of halving poverty as set out in the Millennium Declaration.
Three fundamental aspects of the ICT strategy:
For the time being, we must take the necessary measures to prevent the situation from becoming worse and to ensure that our President does not suffer any harm.
(e) To maintain and strengthen political and operational cooperation and support provided to the Tribunal by external partners, such as Governments and non-State entities;
In addition, the time required for oral arguments (e.g., they usually spend two to five days, depending on the number of accused).
The practice of simultaneous trials consists of two cases for consecutive periods, for example: trial A five weeks, trial B five weeks, trial A five weeks, etc. Counsel of defence in trial A leaves Arusha while trial B is taking place.
The members of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) welcome the study, which they consider to be a well documented and useful framework for the revision, re-evaluation or adjustment of existing policies with regard to support costs related to extrabudgetary activities of the United Nations system.
Pursuant to that resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur has submitted 10 main reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 progress reports to the General Assembly, in addition to 18 addenda to the Commission or the Assembly.
He would also like to draw the attention of the Egyptian authorities to the need to combat any advocacy of religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and should therefore be prohibited by law.
In accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized an expert seminar to examine the interdependence of democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group B
At the same time, over the past 10 years, European institutions, initiatives and legislation have expanded to include the protection of minority rights as an integral part of any democratic development.
As Guyana looks to this collective system for its peace and security, it wants to ensure that the new reform Council can reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is of paramount importance.
We therefore need to build global institutions and build effective partnerships in the context of fair and open trade, as well as to strengthen development support for the least developed countries.
A regional strategy has also been developed to facilitate HIV/AIDS interventions.
Mr. Pavanjeet Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where appropriate, the adoption of a cross-border perspective for the sustainable development of mountain ranges and the exchange of information thereon;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration with a view to more effectively implementing chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) Monitor closely the functioning of the global project of support for the preparation of national communications, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and continue to ensure that the implementation of the project is in line with the guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications in the programme of work was reviewed.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As requested by the Statistical Commission at its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) To coordinate the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of the records of its work;
Thirdly, the activities of the Department of Public Information must be intensified.
By increasing the volume of information in the Russian language on the United Nations website, the number of visitors to the Russian language was increased.
At the 4th meeting, the President also invited the representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, having considered a proposal by the Chair, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, on sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of item 10, for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session.
Notes
The most significant chemical and metal fields (cod, zinc and lead) are very abundant.
From 1990 to 2002, Poland reformed its public service.
(h) To cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen cannot lose his citizenship unless he has waived his citizenship.
According to article 41, paragraph 1, deprivation of liberty or restriction of liberty is permissible only in accordance with the principles and procedures provided for by law.
The question of Uazani and Hasbani rivers continues to be a source of tension and possible escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Even if these posts are frozen, they will continue to be included in the approved staffing table (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities requiring additional resources is provided in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments have been made due to changes in the exchange rate between the United States dollar, in which the United Nations accounts are recorded, and the euro, the currency of the host country.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget as set out in table xx below;
Takes note of the Peace Fund: the peaceful settlement of territorial disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as the main mechanism, given its wider regional scope, for the prevention and resolution of territorial and maritime disputes, also takes note of the Caribbean Trust Fund established by the Conference on the Delimitation of Sea in Mexico City from 6 to 8 May 2002, which is aimed at facilitating the participation of States in the negotiations of the Caribbean,
Also takes note of the Pacific Islands Regional Oceanic Policy approved at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest that financial resources from bilateral donors were increasing, and noted the initiative of United Nations agencies to improve coherence in their technical cooperation activities.
Some children, as well as Government troops as well as rebels, have abducted or persuaded to join their ranks, have been killed on the front lines.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Recognizing the responsibility of the international community to promote human rights and to uphold international law,
He therefore supported the proposal to postpone consideration of the item for two years, on the understanding that the vote of the motion did not imply a position in favour of or against the two draft resolutions; it was simply to recognize the need to establish a consensus convention.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Raising public awareness of the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to help boost economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property mentioned in note 11 to the financial statements was the property of the organization as at 31 December 2002, not subject to any charge.
In a memorandum dated 5 February 2003, OIOS found that the “special clause” remained invalid, since it was included in the contract at the time of recruitment, without prior employment by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General shall provide all necessary assistance to special rapporteurs and the joint mission to enable them to discharge their mandate fully;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in political discourse since the 1980s, indigenous peoples accuse the Bank of a lack of commitment to the implementation and respect of these policies, which are thus often interpreted as a verade.
CFTF Secretariat 35-37 Sackville St.
Almost all countries have a chemical sector, but nearly 80 per cent of global production is the case of 16 countries, whose vast majority are OECD members.
Resolution
In this regard, it was reported that, in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council had made clear that claims of political motivation should not be considered as grounds for refusing requests for the extradition of alleged terrorists.
The documents of technical meetings and seminars held at the request of the General Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) To comment on the future orientation of the Partnership and its programme for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to forward the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the Conference of the Parties for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of this post;
The increase in non-post resources of SwF 810800, or 5.6 per cent, relates mainly to the increase under grants and contributions (840,900 Swiss francs) to cover the cost of services rendered to ITC by the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Central Support Services of the United Nations Office at Geneva, which is offset by the reduction in the cost of the two posts referred to in paragraph 9 above;
These services are “multi-purpose” for which the definition and design considerations are as important as most environmental goods.
By design, they respond to a specific intent and are intended for environmental purposes: for example, a recycling station remains a recycling station, even if the technology used by them is profoundly modified.
For intellectual property rights, article 66 (2) and article 67 of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS), developed WTO members providing incentives for technology transfer could be applied.
A number of recommendations presented at the meeting related to possible actions at the national level:
The increase in requirements and the resulting overexpenditures are attributable to the revision of the approved post adjustment rates as of 1 November 2002, the new salary scales for staff in the Professional and higher categories and the Field Service category (two categories of which are governed by the 100 and 300 series of the Staff Rules) effective 1 January 2003, the approval of a post-service allowance for staff members serving in the post, and the number of posts authorized under the Staff Rules.
(a) A new subparagraph was inserted after the fifth preambular paragraph:
Description of the methodologies used to identify the main sources referencing in the tables of the CRF source information on the level of detail tables 7.A1-7A3 of the IPCC good practice guidance1
Annex I Parties should complete all cases of emissions or removals estimates, activity data and emission factors.
Italy is one of the countries most severely affected by population ageing.
For example, the subject concerned the primary obligations of the State and implied that the existence and conciliation of “legitimate interests and multiple factors” was recognized.
It also has the merit of not obstructing judicial action on other grounds.
Another cause of common law is the rule of public office, which is more effective in the United States.
Introduction
We fully support the efforts to streamline the activities of the General Assembly and express our readiness to assist other delegations, as well as to continue to shoulder the heavy burden of seemingly perpetuated meetings.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the early 1990s, in which important steps are being taken to revitalize the General Assembly and the draft resolution we have just adopted.
The procedures differ because needs are not the same everywhere.
These warnings were accompanied by pressure to compel us to accept amendments or amendments that would limit or diminish the rights of indigenous peoples recognized under international law.
Emphasizes the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, that request membership of the World Trade Organization, bearing in mind paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/182 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who have served for the duration of a term of nine years, the amount of the annual pension is as follows:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims found to be overlapping with four “E4” claims are new or more significant losses, in view of the claims filed by the “E4” claimant.
UNSEQ number: E-2449
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several government representatives stated that in order to attract direct investment, these institutions must increase their support for the development of the necessary infrastructure, including in the ICT sector.
The globalization of development also requires the elimination of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and resource growth, as well as the increase in their participation in international decision-making.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary border crossing point was opened between Restlica in Kosovo and Strezimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for only local residents.
The free movement of minorities has also been hampered by the decision of the Serbian Government authorities not to sign an agreement on the use in Serbia of the Kosovo registration plates and their calls to deter Kosovo Serbs from crossing by UNMIK for the registration of their vehicles.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their determined support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, and we believe that this is an important first step towards creating a legal norm in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to connect from this site to global sites and to the ECLAC website on regional follow-up to United Nations conferences and summits, to be launched in June 2003 at the fourth United Nations Regional Technical Coordination Meeting.
The oil prices already included a “war bonus” of about $5 per barrel in recent months of 2002 and exceeded $31 per barrel in January 2003.
They should first proceed with an initial structural adjustment by joining the UEM in order to bring together the baselines defined for budgetary deficits, given their position of departure, they may therefore apply an excessive fiscal discipline policy in that period, which would have a clear negative impact on economic growth.
Ahearn et al., op.
According to article 5 of the Law on Internal Self-Government, the power to lead foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Government of Denmark and no part of this prerogative cannot be transferred to the Faroese autonomous administration.
For example, significant financial assistance is provided for the costs of exploiting ethnic minority associations, intercultural activities and information materials, as well as various types of local integration projects.
The Community Social Charter of 1989 provides for the right to collective action in case of conflict of interest, in particular the right to strike, subject to the obligation to respect national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days in each quarter.
The large proportion of smokers in the population is mainly responsible for the relatively high rate of mortality and negatively affects life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played an important role in advocacy and has facilitated campaigns that have resulted in new instruments and standards for the protection of children, as follows:
These organizations played a leading role in the development and implementation of the programme.
• ACP-EU cooperation: the ACP-EU Partnership Agreement signed in Cotonou, Benin, in 2000, took into account various elements proposed by the Special Representative at the ACP-EU Joint Assembly of March 1999.
The presence of the United Nations, anywhere in the world, has always been seen as a symbol and guarantee of universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, drew a broad audience, including in non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136 to 141, 144 to 146, 148 and 150
It also continues its efforts to raise awareness of women's rights in all its activities and of the human rights mechanisms it supports, including through the adoption in 2002 of a gender mainstreaming strategy.
Previously, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established commissions or inquiry teams.
Recommendations on travel grants
In accordance with the provisions applicable to consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, as approved by the Council in its resolution 1996/31, consultative status organizations should submit a report every four years on their activities, including their support for the work of the United Nations.
In line with the recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (see A/C.5/57/SR.20), UNFIP undertook a series of activities in 2002 that are part of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects aimed at streamlining its activities, targeting them more effectively.
Gender focal points have been appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Affairs is strengthening their capacity to implement the national gender policy.
Recalling its resolution 57/134 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs were a characteristic of the service economy, and often large firms in developing countries were in fact small enterprises worldwide.
In the area of statistics, data collection should be encouraged, as well as work on an assessment of social impact and impact on the development of liberalization of services.
The assistance was particularly important as African countries were continuing parallel negotiations with the European Union with a view to concluding economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of technical authentication work undertaken to date
In an effort to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary and appropriate measures to strengthen legislation and institutional capacity in this area.
Country decisions
derogation
The Australian citizenship certificate is not an identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to work actively towards the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular a common formula that might be included in a binding international instrument;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate to (a) subprogramme 3, Progressive development and codification of international law, of programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) to sections 8, Legal affairs, and 2, General Assembly and conference services, of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
The session was attended by representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Question 7.
A distinction between the two types of cloning is intended only to attempt to conceal the fact that a human life is created to destroy it in order to produce embryonic stem cells or other experiments.
What is discussed, and there seems to be differences in views, no opinion should be imposed on all others.
The development of transport infrastructure and information and communication technologies, including the elimination of missing links, would improve transit transport and allow landlocked countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. De Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month for introducing the annual report of the Council covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Update of the United Nations System-wide Action Plan to Combat Drug Abuse (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its deep concern at the tragic situation of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent displacement and to provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, recalls in this regard the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement, and urges the international community, led by relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national projects and programmes aimed at alleviating the plight of internally displaced persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must bring benefits to all.
Recently, in February 2003, two primary seismological surveillance stations, Lac-Bonnet (PS08), and Shefferville (PS10), were formally certified by the Provisional Technical Secretariat; the construction of a radionuclide monitoring station in Yellowkniife was completed in March 2003.
He also welcomed the establishment of a general checkpoint and transparency post that had characterized recent appointments to senior positions.
Also at the 61st meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally proposed an amendment to the draft resolution by which operative paragraph 6 (g) would read as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of a growing globalization, measures taken by a Government may often have repercussions (positive and negative) on the right to food of the people of another country (e.g. in the context of agricultural trade).
According to article 507, members of the groups referred to in article 499, who cooperate with the judicial authorities in identifying criminals or updating their criminal intentions will benefit from forgiveness.
In the longer term, a flexible and effective legal framework for security rights could be a useful tool for accelerating economic growth.
Special Committee decision of 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We particularly welcome your efforts to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of those Territories, whose majority are located in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I invite you to consider the Committee as a friend, willing to work with you and to you, for the realization of the rights that are unquestionably the vuntries.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first country cooperation framework approved by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, facilitate the development of an integrated national development plan, which would establish procedures for setting national development priorities over a decade, focusing primarily on health, population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
Within this Ministry, a Secretariat of State has been responsible for the promotion of women and women's participation in development, reflecting the Government's commitment to pay special attention to women's issues: in the Congo, all Secretariats are participating in meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia thanked the group of Quadrilatal and other countries for the initiatives taken in favour of LDCs in the area of market access, which it considered to be a competitive advantage and to encourage investment in the sectors covered by the programme.
However, it was expected that the Organization would complete the year with a positive cash balance of $444 million under the regular budget — a result that would be favourable if it was to match the forecast.
Bigamy
Maintenance of order
We have provided food, tents, blankets, medicines and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, particularly floods, also contribute to the deterioration of habitats and the depletion of resources in the East Asian subregion.
As part of their daily activities, women are the main protectors of forest species and therefore depend on the future productivity of forests.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation among developing countries, should not be overlooked.
The Government of Slovenia has established an interdepartmental working group to implement restrictive measures and follow-up to counter-terrorism activities.
At the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on Children in Armed Conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- The financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otititi (Uganda) said that her delegation had been inadvertently included among the authors because of a technical error.
(b) A certified copy of the memorandum and the articles of association of society;
Subject to other priorities and available resources, the Government of Bahrain intends to advance this process over the next few months.
Fifty-eighth session
According to one view, the basic criterion for striking a balance between the interests of buyers and secured creditors was the notion of “ordinary business competition”.
The Working Group on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget will have before it an in-depth study on a technical cooperation programme each year.
The cotton problem was crucial, and the challenges facing African producers should be seen from both a moral and economic perspective.
The Programme of Action, launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to reverse the increase in HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia, aims to achieve the goals contained in the Declaration of Commitment through a broad-based national response supported by UNAIDS technical, financial and tactical support and collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that it is the primary responsibility of parents, who are best placed to do so, to guide children in a healthy environment, to instil in them the meaning of the duty, integrity, responsibility, civic responsibility, compassion and service towards others, to help strengthen families, communities and nations around the world;
Most of the Muslim countries in the Middle East, the Indian subcontinent, South-East Asia and some regions of Africa.
27 October 2003, Baghdad
However, in cases where the sanctions imposed remain in force for a long period of time, as in the case of the Al-Qaida/Taliban sanctions regime, universal reporting rules alone cannot be as effective.
The East Timor Government is currently considering projects aimed at effectively improving the capacity of the East Timor police in both areas, in addition to its capacity to deal with civil unrest.
In addition, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the national police capacity to address threats of criminal and armed groups in campaigns and in the area of tactical coordination.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to indicate whether they wished to take part in the work of the new team and to provide the Office for Outer Space Affairs with the contact details of the focal point that they would designate for that purpose.
The Gambian Act, to some extent, penalizes the conduct described in this article, but the penalties are to be radically revised.
Indeed, in both urban and rural areas, female illiteracy is combined with poverty and ingrats, dependency and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of partners in African countries have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to African countries.
The Group currently has seven persons.
Members of the Committee discussed the issue at length without reaching agreement on the causes of the problem or on ways to remedy them.
They supported the military activities of the United States in their territory, because they did not forget their own history; they were aware of experience of vulnerability and of the safety and protection offered by the United States.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Commerce of Guam, October-December 2001, www.admin.gov.gu/commerce.
Implementation of the International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative Chairman of the Arab Group
With regard to funding, the improvement in the situation in 2002-2003 in relation to income and expenditure and the implementation of the revised recovery policy also provided good prospects for the UNICEF financial plan and budget.
Background
Summary table IV shows the proposed changes in support budget posts for each of the main components of each appropriation line.
Summary table V shows the comparison between the total number of posts in each administrative unit for the current and future biennium.
Table 7
It summarizes the progress made by the countries of Central America on the path of peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since my last report (A/57/387 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit in Cuzco, Peru, and the 19 members of the Group adopted the Cuzco Consensus, the strategic programme of action to overcome poverty and social exclusion, dealing with the themes of democratic governance, cultural identity and external relations and the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The enormous reconstruction efforts in the region are continuing with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and their reports
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 17 to 19, 24, 25 and 27 September; 3, 11, 14, 15, 23 to 25 and 28 October; 6, 7, 13, 19, 22 and 25 November; 3, 4, 6, 9, 16-20 and 30 December 2002; 6, 9, 10, 15, 16, 23, 27, 29 and 31 January; 12 to 27 February; 4 to 7, 14, 20, 21, 25 and 26 March; 2, 3, 7, 8, 16, 22 and 24 April; 8, 12, 19, 20, 19, 20 and 20 and 20 and 21 June; 9 and 21 June; 9 and 23 to 20 to 20 to 20 to 20 to 23 to 23 to 23 to 23 to 23 to 23 to 20 to 20 to 20 to 23 to 23 to 23 to 27 February; 9 to 27 February; 9 and 23 to 23 to 27 February; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9, 14, 9, 14, 11, 12, 11, to 27 February; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 9-1; 20 to 26 June; 9-1; 9-1
UNMOVIC has also been working with many Governments in the field of export control, in particular with regard to finding practical solutions to such issues as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for an appropriate balance between non-proliferation objectives and legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, this information is based on the recent update of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on budget preparation in the United Nations system.
Of the 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are fully or predominantly renewable energy sources.
Nuclear non-proliferation and the peaceful uses of the atom can go hand in hand as long as there is transparency and mutual trust.
In that sense, the experience of developed democracies is indeed invaluable.
Without the self-defence of those persons, I take this opportunity to add to the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the sincere condolences of the Bulgarian people to their families.
We can speak of victory when these attacks are no longer taking place, because they are going to the entire nation.
The Government has identified some 30,000 persons affiliated with terrorist organizations because of the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the designation of operational entities that have been accredited and designated on a provisional basis by the Council.
It is only through their commitment and dedication that it has been possible, with the assistance of the secretariat, to carry out the heavy and difficult tasks entrusted to them.
APPLICABLE OF THE PRVUATION PARAGRAPH 41
Statistical study, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.01.XVII.9.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and April/May 2003, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
I would now like to repeat the names of the two countries among the Asian States wishing to nominate a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Achievements in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was in the interest of both developed and developing countries to establish a rational and equitable multilateral trading system.
International agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to regulate, particularly in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy were of paramount importance to the economies of the Group's member countries.
FDI could play a fundamental role in the economic growth and development of host countries.
States
In essence, his delegation endorsed all the suggestions made by the Special Rapporteur, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted that this sector, which was beyond the control of the State and tax system, had a considerable place in the economy of many developing countries in all regions.
FONCING THE Commission, INCLUDING SON ROLLE ENVIRONMENTAL EXPERTS
This joint programme would enable member States to understand more comprehensively the perspectives and risks of a global society and to implement the fundamental proposals made by the Secretary-General on science and technology at the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the Group of 8 of July 2000 and the Dubai Declaration of the Group of 77 for the promotion of science and technology in the South (October 2002).
It should be clarified in detail how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international cooperation for development will focus on implementing the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the chains, new presenters were using this guide and, although the other stations had not followed their example, a normalization of pronunciation remained possible.
They noted the convening of the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties to the Convention from 16 to 20 September 2002.
They strongly supported the unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures adopted by some Governments to reduce their military expenditures, thus contributing to strengthening regional and international peace and security.
Professional training and job creation should enable cities to value the potential of youth.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
2 to 3 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an introductory statement.
Although the region of the Middle East is a particularly sensitive area in view of the various problems still present and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that it is important for the international community to focus on achieving this objective, within the framework of the United Nations, in order to take a decisive step towards achieving peace in that region.
It should also be noted that there is a better understanding that the solution to the problem of the composition of the office will facilitate the strengthening of the interpretation of the rules governing the composition of the Bureau and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.30 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
Under the sanctions regime (paragraph 4 (b) established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraph 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002)), Member States are required to freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources of the persons or entities that have been transferred, including funds derived from property owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such persons, their agents or agents, and to ensure that their nationals and persons who are in their territories are not directly or in their assets.
Almost all federal law enforcement agencies contributed to this effort by providing basic and advanced training courses in all areas of financial crime.
Network for the Detection and Punishment of Financial Crimes Enforcement Network - FinCEN
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is empowered, under article 7 of the Companies Act, to exercise control over the objectives, sources of finance and expenses of non-profit organizations.
Members of the mission stressed that they had not come to serve as the mediator or to intervene in the peace talks in Liberia, but indicated to all parties the elements they considered essential: full respect for the ceasefire; a comprehensive political settlement enabling the appointment of a transitional Government that would organize free and fair elections; respect for international humanitarian law, including immediate and unrestricted access to humanitarian organizations.
(d) Report of the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not generally applied and the provisions of the various conventions on liability and relations between them were difficult to understand.
The Advisory Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following issues at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission relating to the transfer of marine technology; (2) possible establishment of an internal procedure of IOC for the effective implementation of article 247 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, relating to the projects of marine science and research carried out by international organizations or their auspices;
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
Following that conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the heart of the international development agenda.
He hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States would follow the same review framework and that the General Assembly would request the Secretary-General to submit an annual progress report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
After a civil war that has ruined the national economy, Burundi cannot complete this programme of internal and external disorder to combat poverty without the support of the international community.
This has a negative impact on the process of privatization.
(b) To continue to communicate to the Secretary-General, in time for the General Assembly to consider at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways to strengthen and expand participation in the standardized reporting system, including changes to its content and structure;
The difficulty of deciding at the outset whether the debtor should be subject to liquidation rather than reorganization proceedings has led some countries to review their insolvency law and to replace separate proceedings with “unlawful” proceedings.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, to school in view of potentially dangerous situations.
We attach high priority to working with our WHO and others to encourage breastfeeding as the best solution to protect the health of children.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532) and the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and his continued efforts to conclude bilateral agreements with member States under article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the authorities of Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Guatemala, Equatorial Guinea, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria (3), Pakistan, Peru, Sudan, Tunisia (2), Turkey and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge shall inform himself of his personal and fiduciary financial interests and make every reasonable effort to be informed of the financial interests of the family members.
Member States reported some difficulties in implementing the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthening technological support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms; strengthening human capacity; identifying new technologies and applications; and encouraging international collaboration in support of research in areas left behind;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon, Chile and Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of FISC (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In his opening statement, Mr. Kim Hak-Su welcomed the first substantive phase of the process that would culminate in 2006 in the organization of a final international conference on chemicals management.
Response measures
I would like to say that working with you, in the United Nations, has been an enriching experience for me.
We particularly appreciate the determination and conviction with which you defend the positions of your country in extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
SECTIONS
A technical cooperation project for the Maputo Trade Point is under way and is expected to be completed by the end of 2003.
DMFAS is self-financing by making debt-servicing procedures more efficient and defecting inconsistencies in claims of creditors.
It is a smaller country with a smaller population, but 2.2 of 3.3 million people are threatened with starvation.
I still do not understand why it is so difficult to accept this situation.
Rule 2.8: The Secretary-General may submit additional proposals for the programme budget whenever appropriate.
Rule 4.5
These agreements, inter alia, indicate the services that the Organization must provide for full reimbursement of the expenses.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Recognizes that it is preferable in the interest of the United Nations to give or transfer goods to any other intergovernmental organization, government, public agency or other non-profit organization.
Rule 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after in-depth investigation, authorize the write-off of losses of cash, goods and other assets, on the understanding that the Secretary-General shall submit to the Board of Auditors, together with the accounts, a statement of all such write-off.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally corrected?
Abstaining:
By their nature, confidence-building measures must therefore be defined and agreed upon on the basis of volunteerism, at the rate deemed appropriate by States participating in the process.
Otherwise, developing countries will be more marginalized.
In Kisangani, she met with the families of the victims of the May 2002 massacres and the victims of sexual abuse; she also visited the prison and the cachots.
The cost of constructing prefabricated offices is estimated at $985,671.
Special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of working groups responsible for the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as the chairpersons of human rights treaty bodies, express their regret that the fight against terrorism is used as a pretext to threaten human rights defenders and to target vulnerable groups by placing them away from their origins and socio-economic conditions, which are particularly affected by migrants.
Why is it so?
My fifth proposal is of a general nature: it is to act on the source of these two scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting solution to these conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and the transitional Governments of those States receive accounts and enforce justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which calls upon regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and States of the region in fully implementing the arms embargo as a fundamental component of the national reconciliation process in Somalia.
In truth, the League of Arab States played the role expected in responding to the deteriorating political and security situation in the region, whether Palestine, Iraq or regional security.
It also sought to ensure that the inspectors, when they returned to Iraq, were able to work and circulate freely — an effort recognized in Security Council resolution 1441 (2002).
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Encourages the United Nations system to integrate a gender perspective into all its programmes and policies, including in the coherent follow-up to United Nations conferences, in accordance with agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective, adopted by the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 1997, and welcomes the decision of the Economic and Social Council to devote one of the two themes to its coordination at its 2004 substantive session;
It is true that many countries covered by the HIPC Initiative do not satisfactorily implement IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
The principal counsel that Mr. Ducque can give to the Commission is not to allow this question to take a political turn.
Strengthening United Nations action in the field of human rights through the promotion of international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity and objectivity
We hope that, through increased efforts and implementation, a reasonable compromise can be reached on the issue of Security Council reform in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reaffirm once again that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea has fully complied with its obligations in accordance with the provisions of the 1994 Agreed Agreement between the Democratic People's Republic of Korea and the United States, until its withdrawal from the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopted the concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections may be submitted within seven days of the receipt of the record or of the closure of the session, whichever is later.
Welcoming the reorganization of the bureaux of the Committee and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation looked forward to working with them on issues such as space education and natural disaster mitigation.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of the annual meetings of the Office of Legal Affairs and the Law of the Sea Division (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit on Sustainable Development to improve the effective and coherent implementation of the three objectives of the Convention and to achieve by 2010 a significant slowdown in the current rate of loss of biodiversity, which will require action at all levels, including the implementation of national biodiversity strategies and action plans, and the allocation of new and additional financial and technical resources to developing countries,
The budget should be adjusted to take into account the costs and resources resulting from the unification of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In paragraph 4, both of the word “effective” were replaced by the word “Profiles” and the words “encourage the Secretary-General to intensify his efforts” were replaced by the words “encourage the Secretary-General and the executive heads of all United Nations organizations to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned about the remaining problems,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination contained in section C.4 of chapter III of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of the countries of Central Asia on trafficking in small arms and light weapons, during which a debate was devoted to the ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, submitted pursuant to Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999, and the reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It was important that the Congress should reconsider its initial refusal to support national remedies and ensure the funding and institutional stability of payments by adopting the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed simply because they were Serbs and sent to all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must go and that there is no chance of reconciliation, or to achieve the multi-ethnic society envisaged in Security Council resolution 1244 (1999), and that we call our best wishes.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps, a civil emergency organization.
For that reason, the responsibility of Israel is to put an end to these violations of Lebanese airspace and to prevent their escalation of tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as set out below.
In this august Organization, there will always be zero tolerance for those who advocate intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence.
The Committee agreed that the two secretariats should continue to work together.
At its resumed 2001 session, the Committee had before it the special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint filed by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that his only concern was to ensure that the NGO did not abuse its status with the Council by carrying out its activities in a way that challenged the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (from 25 to 50th) were held.
However, cross-cutting linkages, the balance to be sought, the ageing order, the costs and benefits identified were highly complex issues.
Angola had hosted the Seventh Conference on Trade and Financing of Oil and Gas in Africa in May 2003.
If the answer is “Yes”, please describe the measures taken.
The persons whose DNA is subject to analysis are also entitled to know who collects this information, for what purpose, where it is stored and can have access to it.
The criteria for the issuance of the European Patent Convention are: (i) new; (ii) inventive activity; (iii) industrial application.
2 and 17 (b) of the European Agreement on Road Markings of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Artists, Phonograms and Radio Bodies of 26 October 1961.
(h) To approve the implementation plan;
For example, the rural male population has increased in the North-East and South-West regions (from 49.8 per cent to 50.0 per cent and 49.1 per cent to 49.3 per cent), while in the following regions, the South (from 49.8 per cent to 49.4 per cent), the North-West (from 49.7 per cent to 49.5 per cent) and the Centre (from 50.1 per cent to 50.0 per cent).
Women and men also have equal rights with regard to the citizenship of their children.
The various family planning methods were not well known before 1989 and couples were most often using natural methods and condoms.
This re-evaluation of the amount of the allowance takes into account the increase in the price of school supplies, food, clothing and other stringent necessities for children, and has been aimed at preventing the drop in school, a phenomenon that has grown in recent years owing to the decrease in the financial resources of families with children.
The lack of development activities in the most volatile areas of the country has not been negatively affected.
Over 40 countries benefited from the United Nations Development Group Common Services pilot programme, with donor grants to fund or improve common services provided to 24 country teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions, in particular the Bretton Woods institutions, focus both on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and on poverty reduction strategy papers.
A representative raising a point of order may not, in his statement, deal with the substance of the matter under discussion.
(e) To recall that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation had designated the Commission as the focal point for discussions on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and reaffirmed that partnerships, as voluntary initiatives by stakeholders, were contributing to the implementation of intergovernmental commitments under Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
International treaties
We look forward to your consideration of our proposal.
For example, the proposal to impose an immediate moratorium on the commercial activities of the extractive industries in Liberia is based on past experiences and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
According to them, model 3, as it differed less than the other two of the current system, would be able to be used in an experimental manner by several organizations.
Professional and higher categories
Accordingly, the amount of the mobility and hardship allowance would remain unchanged.
(e) Study on grade equivalency between the United Nations public service and the United States Federal Administration.
He then noted that each of the loans was under way prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and assessing progress in sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights stressed the importance of improving the international community's response to violence by strengthening national preventive efforts and through international cooperation.
While nearly 50 business leaders were present in its formal launch by the end of 2003, the Global Compact became a very developed international network with over 1,000 enterprises worldwide, several international trade unions and tens of non-governmental organizations, academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by reporting institutions are reported.
• Creditors (D) and Credit (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines has created a climate of close consultation and cooperation between Governments, international organizations and non-governmental organizations with the same spirit.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11 Visits
The working group recognized the importance of the summary accompanying the report.
At the close of these deliberations, the members of the Committee, on the basis of the provisions relating to the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on its fortieth session (1997), approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, have reached the following agreement, which will serve as the basis for the election of the officers of the Committee at the beginning of its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue among States, indigenous peoples and others on the concept of indigenous peoples in the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Question III
Permanent Representative
Most Governments are aware of the growing threat posed by the continued illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of ATS and give high priority to measures to mitigate this threat.
These successes demanded long-term investments in economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations commented with the Special Committee on matters of law and order.
Statement submitted by the Congregation of Our Lady of the Charity of the Good Pastor, a non-governmental organization in special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 provides updated information on the financial situation of UNATES and the Civilian Police Support Unit as at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lauro Baja, Jr.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Booby-Traps and Other Devices, as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, as amended on 3 May 1996) annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they be defined in such a way as to facilitate monitoring and evaluation of results and that work be done to establish timetables for the achievement of outputs.
The Advisory Committee was not convinced, however, that three additional posts should be established to maintain military expertise on an ongoing basis.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) To continue cooperation with grass-roots indigenous organizations, to recognize their marginalization and to strengthen their capacity to address issues of concern to them at the national and international levels;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1356 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo would not apply to protective clothing, including flak jackets and military helmets, temporarily exported to Somalia for their personal use exclusively by United Nations personnel, representatives of the media, humanitarian personnel, development assistance personnel and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the Research Centre on Islamic History, Art and Culture in Istanbul to preserve the cultural heritage and the Islamic identity of the Muslim communities of non-OIC Member States.
The impact of the information society on economic and socio-cultural development was addressed and urged industrial States to develop a programme of work that would enable developing States to take advantage of communication technologies to bridge the digital divide and to actively participate in the World Summit on the Information Society and to coordinate their positions.
Condemns any form of repression of refugees, including armed attacks against refugee camps, and pressure on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, aimed in particular at strengthening Islamic solidarity among Member States and strengthening their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and in all vital sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to achieve consensus on its programme of work, including the establishment of subsidiary bodies on nuclear disarmament, the prevention of the arms race in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and effective international measures to protect non-nuclear-weapon States from the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls for the Conference on Disarmament to commence substantive work on the prevention of the arms race in outer space as soon as possible.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States in the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons
Resolution No. 7/30-E on the foreign debt of Member States and other OIC Member States
Thanks the IDB for having organized a workshop from 14 to 16 September 2002 in Istanbul on “Private sector investments and the role of IDB in member States” in collaboration with relevant OIC institutions, and also thanks the Republic of Turkey for hosting the workshop.
PREND NOTE with appreciation of the draft resolutions contained in the report of the ninth meeting of the private sector.
Further calls upon Member States with technical infrastructure in the conservation and restoration of manuscripts, to grant scholarships to the staff of the institute, with a view to enhancing their expertise in this area.
Recalling further United Nations resolution No. 49/60 on the Declaration of Principles for Combating International Terrorism;
With regard to the entire West African region, which I hope will receive sustained attention from the Council and other institutions of the United Nations system in response to our mission and report, the subregional problems are enormous and we have listed them in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the work of the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be decisive in preventing a potential conflict from taking the necessary action.
These negotiations may present a number of disadvantages because they require highly skilled and experienced staff and may increase the risk of abusive or corrupt practices.
In the accompanying letter, UNCITRAL requested “to comment on specific provisions so as to facilitate the preparation of an analytical commentary to be submitted to the Commission”.
It was therefore necessary to combine economic and political efforts and implement all relevant United Nations resolutions calling for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from all occupied territories and proclaimed the right of the Palestinian people to a politically independent and economically viable State.
After the adoption of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003), the Minister of Finance of Jordan, in its note No. 12/3/1698 of 3 April 2003, communicated to the customs authorities the names of the individuals and entities on the consolidated list and requested them to prohibit the clearance of goods imported or exported by such persons or entities and to confiscate them if they are located in the territory, and to transmit to the Customs Office any information concerning them.
Calls upon States to review and reform, as appropriate, legislation and practices in order to raise the minimum age of marriage to 18 years, with or without parental consent, for both girls and boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit to the Special Rapporteur all available data from all relevant sources of information, including a compilation of studies and publications concerning the implications of terrorism and the impact of the fight against terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends the following draft resolution for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session:
In addition, the Committee has no objection to the fact that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the Emergency Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 are supplemented by an amount not exceeding $200,000 (see A/58/214 para.
Each subsystem is adapted to the ICT environment and procedures of the organization.
Participants and beneficiaries will be the first to see an improvement in their services.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important tool for social change because it enables everyone to acquire new values and to change their relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights enshrines the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and proclaims that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, that everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms proclaimed in the Declaration, without distinction of any kind, and that the individual has duties to the community in which the free and full development of his personality is possible,
However, Eritrean authorities continue to affirm that local staff must comply with their national service obligations and several Eritreans working for UNMEE have been arrested.
The Committee will encourage those who provide assistance to focus on capacity-building in the context of expanded capacity-building programmes to combat terrorism; to give more priority to training and to ensure that programmes are implemented in a timely and results-oriented manner.
12.44 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Division on Investment, Enterprise Development and Technology.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they amounted to $21,478,915, including advances made by several Member States on their contribution to the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or place where their lives are at risk and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers from leaving a country where their lives are at risk;
There is a growing tendency to give priority to peace to the detriment of justice, which can be understood in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises in a peace process, but in fact undermines the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear no objection, I shall take it that the Assembly has chosen this suggestion.
The General Assembly should proceed with the election of 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded the present stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
However, it regrets that there are still countries that have not yet been adopted in some regions where ballistic missile proliferation remains an urgent problem.
In view of the proposed opening of new reception centres for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration and the increase in the workload of the Section, a net increase of 38 posts is proposed.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, his delegation supported a broad scope of application.
As it had done in previous instalments, the Panel reviewed the claims in part two of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after assessing the evidence and other evidence, balancing the interests of claimants who had to flee a war zone and those of Iraq, who are responsible only for direct losses resulting from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
However, to address this problem, our State looks forward to the future assistance of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, educational institutions and religious and political figures of the Palestinian Authority instil hatred, glorification and offer moral bond, both human and divisive, to massacres.
If we wish to schedule, each will have the opportunity to speak before the Council.
Israel is putting an end to the occupation of our territory, which it is ceasing to send settlers, which it is continuing to flout our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should evaluate progress made with respect to the clean development mechanism and, where necessary, take appropriate measures, recommends that the Conference of the Parties consider including the guidelines to the Executive Board in its decision on the preamble and paragraph below.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections had been suspended, but the dictatorial Government of Pinochet had tried to improve the delivery of local services, leading to a number of reforms, including in the area of revenue sharing.
In accordance with Sub-Commission resolution 2002/21, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had identified as the main themes of its work in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004: “Resolution of Indigenous Disputes”; in 2005: “Protection of Indigenous Traditional Knowledge at the national and international levels”; and in 2006: “Indigenous children and youth”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting a grant shall be indigenous;
Annex II
Page
The role of good governance in promoting human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and to the continuing development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
General Assembly resolution 57/65 on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason for which it was not mentioned in the programme document were mentioned.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Rule 101.5.2
In real terms, expenditure on children increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having also considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to New Caledonia,
Therefore, there is no exception in the right of peoples to self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): The participation of civil society in general and non-governmental organizations (NGOs), in particular, is statutory prescribed by the Convention process.
d Announcements of contributions made at the sessions of the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities of November 2000 for 2001 and November 2002 for 2003.
As at 16 January 2003, the total number of new voluntary contributions, which are available for the twenty-second session of the Board, amounted to only $551,548 (see table 1 above).
(d) The purpose of the action is to terminate or terminate the contract of an employee and whether, in the opinion of the head of State, the head of Government or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the employer State, such action may interfere with the State's security interests;
The session will be held at the Fiera Milano Congress Centre in Milan.
Whether this process is properly recognized and designated (societal in transition or knowledge society) or not, development, any regulation that strengthens knowledge acquisition systems, deprives a human potential, enables it to better value and guide it to social, economic and political life.
Mary Ann informed me of his intention to leave UNHCR for personal and professional reasons, and I acceded to his request, not to regret.
The Committee suggests that all age groups should be included in the indicator of Friends of the Chair.
Stressing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts made in this regard by the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work done by the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also highlighted the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Allocation of non-permanent seats for regions
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete the subparagraph.
The representative of any regional agreement or agency should indicate in writing to the President of the Security Council his wish to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how it would be possible to better foresee the direction necessary to implement such a strategy within the Organization.
It requests the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies adopted by the Committee to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of the legislative provisions on equality between men and women, including in the field of women's representation at the various levels of the Government and the public service.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety of all personnel under the auspices of the United Nations participating in the Force;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (General Assembly resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 53/2421)
Fundamental economic laws are under consideration, including laws on investment and corporate registration and a draft bankruptcy law.
It is encouraging to note that there has been no recent repetition of events at the end of 2002 and at the beginning of this year.
The fourth point is that the East Timorese Government has succeeded in generating 44.1 million revenue, of which $26.7 million has been allocated for the income generated by the Timor Sea during the current year, which shows that the State is increasingly able to mobilize its own resources.
The shipper should not deal with the responsibility of the performing carrier.
Supplementary statements and contributions in the preparation of the draft instrument
(d) Encourage, in general, activities aimed at strengthening the independence of the judiciary and the Bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and is increasing over the years.
One of them was said to have been executed at the main entrance of the University, with the aim of creating a climate of terror after an organized demonstration shortly by students.
The international community should be concerned about this growing trend in the use of excessive force;
We would also like to repeat that, with regard to the controversy over the question of the agent inner XV and the brink of coal, which was unilaterally destroyed by Iraq, it made concrete proposals during the recent technical discussions with Mr. Blix in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February. The purpose was to resolve the issues of the former Special Commission as vague or outstanding.
Efforts have been made in the past in the form of proposed texts in the hope of overcoming this political impasse.
We expect to increase the number of customs and procurement experts to monitor imports in Iraq.
Let us start in favour of peace, because if we sincerely seek to achieve it, we will demonstrate unwavering determination and political will.
I wish once again to express France's confidence and full support for their mission.
However, Spain is aware that peace and security are guaranteed by respect for and implementation of Security Council resolutions and that it will come at a time when, in the absence of a change of political attitude, the Council will be obliged to assume its responsibilities on behalf of international peace and security.
From this perspective, the international community and the Security Council's efforts towards the Baghdad regime remain the main factor in ensuring Iraq's cooperation with the inspectors, and it is also the primary condition for a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) To be consistent with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
Financial securities entities;
As we have indicated, Egypt has signed or ratified all conventions except the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which demonstrates its positive attitude towards combating terrorism.
Moreover, as it is not possible to build confidence overnight, we must remain patient to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7
Senior Legal Officer
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia are still attracting a large number of people and a third should soon be opened, this time at Adigrat.
In some cases, for example in the water sector, the number of transnational enterprises capable of intervening around the world is very limited.
Within the framework of these principles, the Croatian Government has undertaken a wide range of social and economic reforms aimed at encouraging the growth of employment and social well-being, such as the effective implementation of its National Strategy for the Eradication of Poverty and the Fight against Social Exclusion and the creation of social partnerships that will give priority to human resources and ensure the central role of education and science in the pursuit of social progress.
The 218th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be held on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism has been installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 2003)1
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 2003)1
In order for persons with disabilities to enjoy their rights fully, the international community should widely support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account historical, cultural and development differences between countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be guided by all international norms and standards on disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also by resolutions of United Nations bodies and bodies.
The African Union stated that African peoples should strive to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of affirmative action for persons with disabilities.
To ensure that the secretariat's divisions have adequate resources, the amount of 13 per cent charged against project budgets for administrative costs should be allocated to the unit responsible for the implementation of the project.
The disruptions in the provision of medicines, lured materials and spare parts for equipment, especially those for emergency services, therapy and surgical units, and other services, both for adults and for children, have made the conditions under which medical personnel provide their care extremely difficult.
Is this policy a sense?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/11 in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and in accordance with the provisions of its Constitution on respect for international law.
[Original: English] [17 June 2003]
The employment has progressed slowly and the unemployment rate has remained at a reasonably low level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[21 May 2003]
Limited access to energy sources and high fuel costs and resulting shortages have had a severe impact on urban transport, increasing production costs and negatively affecting the effective functioning of social and urban activities.
Introduction
Verify who has a bank account and wishes to transfer a sum of over US$ 10,000 or the equivalent in another currency.
Rule 35 (1) of the Rules provides that:
For example, it could, as proposed by the Secretary-General, establish a multi-stakeholder panel on debt restructuring mechanisms whose discussions and conclusions might be brought to the attention of intergovernmental decision-making bodies.
