It is therefore a matter of concern that laws to combat terrorism give exceptional powers of surveillance and investigation to law enforcement agencies and intelligence agencies without reference to justice.
Ms. Borzi Cornacchia (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur saw her future programme of work and whether she planned to include missions.
First, there is a need to increase the Government's representativity, particularly in security institutions, and to intensify efforts to promote national unity and reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including warlords and the Taliban — benefit from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse that trend contrary to the most fundamental principles of international humanitarian law, which raises critical issues that need to be addressed.
The Committee requests the State party to disseminate its concluding observations widely at all levels of society, including among State officials and members of the judiciary, and to inform the Committee in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement these observations.
While additional funds were available for programmes in Africa, the resources for the region in the programme budget would increase, as suggested by the high assumption.
Adoption of the report on credentials
See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, under the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, one P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the Web site section to strengthen the linguistic capacity of the site.
Organizational chart
A new gender analysis guide will be produced in 2003.
Statistics (see responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) suggest that the impact has been on reducing women's access to unemployment benefits.
In this context, emphasis should be placed on the special needs of the least developed countries, as their participation in global trade remains marginal and, to date, none of them has become a member of the World Trade Organization.
Special Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq troubled our Governments.
We, like in Iraq, have a priority commitment.
In response to this situation, my country believes that the draft resolution is an effective means of strengthening the pressure on Iraq to comply with relevant Security Council resolutions.
This is an attempt to confuse things.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, acting on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Development and transfer of technology” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The proposed legislative reforms, inter alia, require the provision of technical assistance, including for the acquisition of equipment necessary for strengthening security at ports of entry and for the training of personnel, particularly in the area of detection of fraudulent travel documents.
Noting the efforts made by the Governments of some Territories to meet the highest standards of financial monitoring,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
In considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/114 containing the guidelines for the implementation by the Sub-Commission of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other decisions and practices relating thereto.
The assessment of the level of girls' education in the Horn of Africa and Eastern Africa has identified the causes of the problem, which have already been identified elsewhere: the magnitude of household tasks and the financial sacrifice of girls' education to the family are the main social factors that prevent them from receiving equal education with boys; the lack of textbooks.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly is being opened at a time when we respond to the Secretary-General's call for reflection on the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, it seems to me that there are still a number of actions to be taken to ensure that future generations judge us positively.
In this period of economic hardship, the Government spent more than $5 million last year on services designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
OPINION No.
The initial judgement was rendered in favour of the applicants, but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently reversed the judgement.
The Government claims that these persons were arrested for conspiracy with enemy forces to overthrow the legal Government.
Mr. Yawowi Agboyibo, a lawyer, a former parliamentarian, Chairman of the Committee for Action for Renewal (CARCAR), a political party, was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to six months and imprisoned at the Lomé civil prison, despite his appeal.
The Working Group, having made this opinion, requests the Government to adopt the necessary measures to remedy the situation, in accordance with the norms and principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The first step is to meet the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves by identifying appropriate options and adequate time frames for their respective decolonization processes.
The settlement of this outstanding issue will be only a confidence-building measure.
These historic initiatives help to better identify the needs and aspirations of peoples under colonial domination by giving them the necessary radiation in a highly competitive globalized economy.
Only the United Nations has a legitimate mandate under its Charter and possesses the legal and political authority and international legitimacy to meet the greatest challenges to international peace and security.
Therefore, the United Nations must not only continue its tasks in Iraq but also extend them and provide stronger support to the Iraqi people.
UNAIDS is currently funding a HIV/AIDS adviser post at the headquarters of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, which coordinates the overall strategy and initiatives to facilitate work in the missions.
Pursuant to article 5, paragraph 3, of its substantive statute, the organization, on the proposal of its general coordinator and in prior consultation with the Executive Board, proceeded with the de facto exclusion of Ms. Bonavita, regardless of her status in the organization, for having violated the rules of procedure of the Council, disrupted the work of the Commission on Human Rights and failed to respect the delegation of the United States of America.
Under article 3, the Movement shall exercise its activities through the following bodies:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the Act on the National Commission on Human Rights of Mongolia.
While, in the view of some members of the Working Group, that provision should not necessarily be included in insolvency law and could be left to common law, it was observed that it was closely linked to recommendation 70 and should, for reasons of clarity and legal certainty, be included in insolvency law.
After discussion, some support was expressed for the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also a party to many international anti-corruption treaties, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of Anti-Money-Laundering Crimes Related to Illicit Drug Trafficking and Related Crime and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of providing the United Nations system with a senior management school was felt that it had become necessary to improve the coherence and effectiveness of the international civil service.
(c) Whether or not it is desirable, given the nature of the activity, to grant exclusive rights to subcontractors;
In both cases, the market leader's position cannot be considered automatically acquired.
However, the United Nations business portfolio includes high-value-added products, with little global equivalent.
Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/Financial Rules/Rev.2/Amend.2), 12 February 1980.
In 2002, the executive board reviewed the structure and composition of the secretariat, which was insufficient.
While not part of the Group's sessional documentation, these three documents may not be ready in time for the session, they will be available on the UNCTAD website, such as all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessional periods 45 20
The three options are not mutually exclusive.
However, when these are present, the Republic of Haiti has been steadfast in its response.
This system has proved its effectiveness in its most visible part, namely, the electronic presentation of exhibits in the so-called court.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also questioned the principle of the defaulting of the Rome Statute as to which body — the Court or the Council — had the power to deal first with individual criminal cases involving officials or staff present or past from a State not party to the Rome Statute in respect of acts or omissions committed during an established or authorized operation of the United Nations.
It is also the reasoning that the Secretary-General followed prior to the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
Most importantly, the International Criminal Court, of which 90 States have so far become a party, has become a reality, in the light of the election of its 18 judges and its Prosecutor this year and the forthcoming appointment of its Registrar.
Although the Eldoret Declaration was signed by all factions that participated in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, most of these factions have continued to combat and import or receive weapons.
The first recipient of weapons and ammunition identified by the Government of Ethiopia was Ali Mahdi.
According to British customs officials in Nairobi and London, heroin is being smuggled into Somalia by vessels from South Asia to be transported to Africa and West.
Singapore
The political turmoil that marked its first year of power has completely destroyed the country in terms of equipment.
The legislation in force in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and put in place an effective protection system so that United Nations and associated personnel can carry out their security missions.
Although it began its work less than two years earlier, it has already achieved tangible results.
The Friends of Fish consider fisheries subsidies to undermine the environment and cause the depletion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
In particular, it has been used as a framework for the development of a common language among United Nations staff on the prevention of armed conflict through interaction and exchange of experience.
The consulting actuary was also responsible for proposing alternative approaches for funding after-service health insurance liabilities.
All management service contracts between UNDP and various donors were implemented by UNOPS.
Table 7
Table 8 summarizes the accounts of the reserve for field offices and accommodation.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of the 16 indicted for a husband's culture were women.
The church is probably the most influential institution in Samoa's society.
In practice, the police provided that a woman police officer was present when a victim of domestic violence or sexual abuse was questioned.
The Overseas Financial Centre is headed by a Legal Officer and its staff include another legal officer.
Adolescent pregnancies continue to be a particular sign in rural areas, and there is usually concerted efforts to marry the girl child as soon as possible, as the situation does not recur, leading to the punishment of the family involved by the village council, usually the girl child.
Non-governmental Organization
Every effort must be made to revive this process without delay, while at all times preserving the standard established 30 years ago and always on the ground of biological weapons.
This legislation is of great importance to Armenia, as it creates an adequate legislative basis for a future strengthening of the country's export control system, one of the key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance represent a particularly important challenge for our time and an imperative in building a world that guarantees the development of nations in universal harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation of Belgrade to the Mission to join in the search for a solution to the practical issues related to the opening of two new border crossing points in the area of Kosovo situated on the border of Serbia and Montenegro and Macedonia.
Therefore, the United Kingdom fully supports the “standards before status” policy.
I join the members of the Council in thanking Mr. Annabi for his briefing and for his information.
India will, if necessary, provide further details of its comments and will also participate in discussions to resolve the issues raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 269th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) as Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla (Cuba) and Mr. Ravan A. G. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) as Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta) as Rapporteur.
These included the continued modernization of the technical components of the system in order to ensure its continued presence on the Internet, including through the UNISPAL “Question of Palestine” interface on the United Nations home page under “Peace and security”, and the expansion of its collection by adding both new and old documents.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
Before giving them the floor, I would like to make some opening remarks at a time when Japan took the presidency of the Conference.
The Committee for Development Policy expected to review the issue at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General will address this issue in his forthcoming report to the General Assembly.
Ms. Gabr would like to know more about France's vision for the future with respect to special measures.
It covers the period since the introduction of the first report of ISAF III, as well as the final assessment of ISAF III prior to the transfer of command to ISAF IV.
Comment.
(iii) The Secretary-General's decision on this recommendation is not subject to review.
(6) The idea that a unilateral act is based in principle on a single State appears, prima facie, clearly.
Mr. Raychev (Bulgaria): Like previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the delegations of the United States and the United Kingdom for their comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
Therefore, combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought through sustainable development policies is a major global challenge.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has so far focused on the authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 It is expected that the objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat units located at the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support for the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and cooperate fully in the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive drug control strategy based on close cooperation between the parties concerned and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between the Guatemalan authorities and the Mexican authorities were defined in the Mexico-Guatemala Border Security Plan.
The countries of the region were studying all the implications of such creation.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), noting Armenia's assertion that it had implemented all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, asked what was the Council's main demand for the immediate and unconditional withdrawal of the Armenian armed forces of occupation of the territory of Azeri.
Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I urged the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and unrestricted implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the United Nations ICT Task Force, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The determined commitment of the self-government authorities in Kosovo is crucial in breaking the power of such crime and it is through concrete results that we will judge their ability to exercise their powers.
If the situation is changing towards a return to peace, UNRWA will have to meet the demands of transition from conflict to a recovery and development phase, and to that end will appeal for special funds similar to that it had launched for its Peace Implementation Programme following the signing of the Oslo Accords.
(ii) A decrease of $0.3 million in the maintenance of premises, attributable to the non-reimbursement of the budgeted amount for 2002-2003;
1.79 Aliize health policy and service delivery standards for host authorities in order to optimize the use of resources and to avoid duplication and conflicts of priority.
Prevention and control of diseases
1.141 Increased usage of computers and computer-related information.
Table 15 Operational and technical services: resource requirements by expenditure category
Improving the status of women in rural areas
- Keep the word “technical” after the word “support” in the first line and insert the word “and” after the word “technical” to read: “technical and effective”.
(d) Ensure that the various institutional players take due account of the values of public service, particularly in respect of honesty, efficient management of resources, transparency in decision-making, evaluation, accountability and commitment to service citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed by paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002);
Any indigenous peoples' initiative should be based on two principles.
The canons have been tired, and we now seek to put Côte d'Ivoire back to work and resume our activities, as in the past, in concert with all the countries neighbouring the subregion.
This would result in a sense of accountability that would significantly improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The exporting Authority is invited, before validation of a certificate, to require the exporter to submit a declaration that rough diamonds exported are not conflict diamonds.
Other progress mentioned is:
(c) To examine the extent to which the recommendation of the United Nations Board of Auditors that the Registrar endeavour to reduce costs by appointing resident councils near the seat of the Tribunal may be followed, in the light of the international character of the Tribunal, and make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the problem of late disclosure of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the weapons collection programme had been delayed and the process of destruction of weapons had stalled.
It was also said that the distinction between contractual and real aspects was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the decision of the Committee at its first session, a pre-sessional working group was convened in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the views of the child
(f) To devote more resources, both financial and human, to specialized education, including vocational training and assistance to families of children with disabilities;
(a) Develop a set of measures to update the implementation of the provisions of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Parents (including initiatives to reach out to people who are illiterate or have not received formal education), civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including Shabyya;
(d) Continuing challenges in raising parents' awareness of their responsibilities.
In light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective periodic review mechanisms for the treatment of children and any other circumstances relating to their placement.
It was therefore what approach was being taken to strengthen and improve the elements of the enjoyment of human rights and control of persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia addressed a letter to the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, denouncing the decision as “illegal, unjust and irresponsible” and rejecting the demarcation process.
Progress in the implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification 1990-2000
Figure 10.
United Nations reform as such should not, however, be our ultimate goal.
The latest statistics prepared by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344), according to which technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the most widely requested form of assistance.
I hope that you will now approve the updated aide-memoire as a tool that reflects the evolving protection priorities and will be helpful to the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the protection needs and rights of civilians are reflected in the relevant resolutions and mandates of the Security Council.
In this regard, I would like to cite the very important resolution, submitted by Mexico and adopted by the Council during the Syrian presidency of the Council in August, on the protection of United Nations, associated and humanitarian personnel in conflict areas.
Civilian populations must not be taken hostage by warring factions to deny them access to humanitarian assistance.
The Board's recommendations are verified by the secretariat of the Fund as to their compliance with the relevant United Nations rules and subsequently submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken at the fourth session of the World Trade Organization Ministerial Conference on the review, through the Council on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, of the relationship between the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights and the Convention on Biological Diversity and the protection of traditional knowledge;
Emphasizing the importance of effective action by the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission on issues of impunity and accountability and the promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council has repeatedly stressed the importance it attaches to the process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Giraldo (Colombia), Mr. Vassilakis (Greece), Mr. Gopinathan (India), Mr. Zarif (Islamic Republic of Iran), Mr. Haraguchi (Japan), Mr. Kazykhanov (Kazakhstan), Mr. McIvor (New Zealand), Mr. Kolby (Norway), Mr.
At the outset, I would like to highlight three points regarding the drug situation in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for its generous and continuing leadership in the fight against narcotics.
States cannot act in isolation against this problem.
(d) Effective risk management and internal control systems; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to expedite extradition proceedings and to simplify evidentiary requirements relating thereto in respect of offences to which this article applies.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, where they are located or where other persons are involved;
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that this article is not intended to require the prosecution of minor offences.
The requested State Party should consider giving up a final judgement in cases where the judgement cannot be obtained because the offender cannot be prosecuted for death, flight or absence or other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit adopted a guidance developed with the support of the Office of Programme Funding, which related to the systematic review of country offices' oversight mechanisms on fund appeals, other resources contributions and donor reporting on the use of funds.
Each Centre organizes three training sessions per year, in collaboration with national authorities, various agencies and programmes of the United Nations system (including UN-Habitat, UNDP, UNEP, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank Institute and the Global Compact Office), international associations of elected representatives (such as the Inter-Parliamentary Union, the World Association of Cities and Local Authorities, the Latin American Federation of Cities and Local Authorities, and the World Federation of Cities, and Local Authorities.
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination has been maintained as a basic principle for negotiations.
“(f) The status of the anti-personnel mine destruction programmes referred to in Articles 4 and 5, including details of the methods to be used for destruction, the location of all destruction sites and the standards for safety and environmental protection.”
The Internet address is http://disarmament.un.org/MineBan.nsf.
Informal “informals” on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18, entitled “External debt crisis and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
From September 2000 to April 2003, at least 12,737 Palestinians had seen their homes demolished by Israeli military forces, which invaded the cities with the support of tanks, tanks and helicopters and destroyed houses with explosives while their inhabitants were still.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore absolutely essential in this struggle.
On this latter point, I will not go into detail.
Madam President, I thank you for organizing this meeting, and I also thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), for his very detailed report and for his concrete proposals to improve the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) and the continued threat of Al-Qaida.
Lastly, she said that she would ensure that the Secretariat took into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain regarding the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have provided examples of other producers of official statistics that develop and publish statistics in their own fields of activity.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remained firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and the agreements reached at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences and called for the speedy and complete implementation of the 13 practical steps agreed at the 2000 Review Conference.
ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians of the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after the cessation of active hostilities, where civilian casualties are often high.
Chairperson's summary
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do the same?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it had intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring the universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the consideration of human rights issues, as affirmed in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993,
The unfortunate incident of Depayin, on 30 May 2003, had an impact on many conclusions of the Special Rapporteur's interim report (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the emergency situation resulting from the prolonged drought and the effects of long conflict.
Nepal therefore urges the High Commissioner to further consider this issue.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
When the debate is limited and a member or representative exceeds the allotted time, the President shall call him/her immediately to order.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Article 87
Article 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
Reports, official decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention shall be distributed by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and interested States parties and, as decided by the Committee, to members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested recipients.
States Parties shall submit to the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on measures they have taken to implement their commitments under this Convention within one year of the entry into force of the Convention for the State party concerned.
In carrying out their mandate, rapporteurs may, with the consent of the Committee, make the necessary visits to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of his functions, the Chairman remains under the authority of the Committee.
Article 71
Systematic violence in the Mambasa-Komanda region has been perpetrated over three different periods:
By the end of 12 October, LAC soldiers entered the witness' home in Mambasa.
All respondents confirmed that there have been a large number of cases of rape of girls, some of whom are barely 10 years old.
It is based on the Team's report that a new trial has been initiated against 27 suspects from the LAC forces.
Global road safety crisis
Once the designation has been established, that entity is subject to a set of sanctions prescribed by the Act on the Suppression of Terrorism.
A working group of experts, including representatives from various countries and organizations in the Pacific and assisted by two writers (both New Zealand and Australia), is currently drafting model provisions.
Accelerated review of reinstatement for use by mechanisms
Their role should be clarified and their powers and responsibilities should be better defined.
Of the $42.8 million for operating expenses for the period ended 30 June 2002, only $28.4 million, or 66 per cent, had been disbursed at the end of the financial period.
OIOS recommended that the Office urgently establish appropriate mechanisms to deal with the increased number of applications received through the Galaxy system; promote mobility by ensuring better conditions of service at the various duty stations and streamlining administrative procedures; ensure that the e-PAS is linked to a tangible reward system and staff contribution to the implementation of the organizational goals; and ensure that staff are systematically trained in the management process.
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors conduct an evaluation of the capacity and professional expertise required of OIOS to provide internal audit services for the administrative and investment activities of the Fund, in accordance with generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pension funds, and report thereon to the Board at its next audit of the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Investigation into the misuse of an office computer
Financial institutions are required to regularly report suspicious trade transactions and monitor any irregularities.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has considered the report carefully with the assistance of its experts and has written to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments.
This offence is committed by any person who intentionally organizes or facilitates the entry into the national territory of an individual whose person knows, or has good reason to assume, that he is a clandestine immigrant or intends to seek asylum.
The number of women in positions of official representatives at the national and local levels, as well as the level of women's participation, is reflected in previous tables.
- The establishment of formal committees in institutions to assess and report on the situation of academic women.
13.3 The Government is committed to providing as wide a contributory pension system as possible to as many categories as possible and is aware that persons who cease all work to assume family responsibilities are at risk of social security.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act 1996 (the Domestic Violence Act of 1996), which, inter alia, deals with restraining orders and protection judgements and gives the Garda broad powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The next revision of the Charter will highlight the possibility of formally refusing to use information services.
Stressing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, neo-colonialism, aggression, foreign occupation and domination and interference in the internal affairs of States are essential to the full enjoyment by women and men of their rights,
Article 12
States Parties shall accord to men and women the same rights with respect to legislation relating to the right of persons to freedom of movement and to choose their residence and domicile.
Workshops
It could also request Working Group I to cooperate closely with Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on aspects of procurement law relating to electronic commerce.
- Request for information under article 44 (1) of the Banking Act of 11 September 2001 against institutions in the United States (Rundschreiben_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Commission decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly that:
While these developments have had little impact on GDP growth in the region, their uncertainty has resulted in most of the region's stock exchanges, where the general trend in 2002 has been decreasing with a few occasional minor occasional occasions.
Such plans include improved forecasting, early warning and continuous communication between disaster-prone areas or communities and authorities.
UNESCO, ICSU and a number of affiliated agencies will encourage biodiversity conservation activities in which remote sensing and GIS will take a large part.
The various items were discussed and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights on the prohibition of forced evictions,
Welcomes the continuing use of the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement by the Representative of the Secretary-General in his dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and other relevant actors, and requests him to continue his efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guidelines;
In November, UNMIL focused on preparing its deployment within the country.
The remuneration of the other two judges is provided in the proposed budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Trial Section 1
Elections will be threefold, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Head Ominayak and Lake Lubicon v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX A, para.
Bangladesh is largely governed by the civil and criminal procedure codes established during the British regime.
It has published and disseminated throughout the country brochures on the procedure to be followed and the need for registration of births and marriages in order to ensure public awareness and active cooperation.
Recommendation 460: In its development plans, the Government has followed a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the evolving nature of requests for assistance and the increasing need for some types of medium-term specialized assistance aimed at supporting and strengthening the capacity already available to the Government of the requesting country, in particular the capacity of national electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age for marriage was the same for men and women and whether it was at least 18 years old.
UNDP intends to provide greater support to the process of national reconciliation, social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of his report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257); it further stressed that globalization did not adequately take into account the human element, the interdependence of economies did not take into account the right to employment.
His country remained committed to improving cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/....
At the closing date of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration under article 14, paragraph 1, of the Convention.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 9 of the Convention
However, the periodic report focuses on measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts where the Greek and Macedonian minorities are traditionally concentrated.
They claim that there was a violation by Denmark of article 2, paragraph 1 (d), and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant alleges, in support of this claim, that according to a decision of the High Court of the Eastern Region of 5 February 1999, an incident of racial discrimination does not in itself constitute a violation of the honour and reputation of a person within the meaning of article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“The President,
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and to Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted in the future in the context of the proposed programme budget.
An overview and brief description of the activity will be provided in section B.3.1, including information on the effects of GHGs and the type and extent of the technology used (e.g. installed power, production).
Environmental, economic and socio-cultural impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica had become a sponsor of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above) would significantly address this problem.
Developing countries must be provided with means of implementation, through new and additional financial resources, of technology transfer on concessional and capacity-building.
The Third World Water Forum, held in Japan, developed an action plan to identify a number of projects worldwide and establish a web site network to accelerate water activities.
(See the annex to the present document a breakdown of expenditures for these activities.
24.61 The provision of $2,995,200 (increase $465,700) provides for: (a) the continuation of 10 posts (four Professional posts, 6 General Service (Other level)); (b) the cost of the establishment of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) during the biennium 2002-2003; and (c) non-post requirements for the Office.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system as well as its unique capacity and practical experience in coordinating assistance in conflict and post-conflict situations, including protection and respect for human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $458,000
Subprogramme 1
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, its final recommendations without a vote.
Article 103 provides that the elections shall be held by secret ballot unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of an election to a post only one candidate.
(ii) One representative from an Asian State;
(c) Strengthening of international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study, mitigate and minimize the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to it, at its fifty-eighth session, a report on the status and implementation of the Agreement for the Implementation of the Provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982 relating to the Conservation and Management of Straddling Fish Stocks and Highly Migratory Fish Stocks, as well as on the related instruments and the impact of the Agreement on its entry into force.
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under the items entitled “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the item biennially from its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects3
World Solidarity Fund
Promotion of youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly noted further progress in the United Nations system's work on children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake the comprehensive assessment of the scope and effectiveness of United Nations action, including recommendations to strengthen, mainstream, integrate and continue these activities, and to submit his findings to the Assembly at its fifty-seventh session.
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility for the results and relevance of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies is the sole responsibility of Member States, and no reform will be possible to remedy this situation, as long as those in a position to decide seem determined to hamper the work that we are all supposed to carry out.
The Millennium Declaration, as well as the Monterrey conferences on financing for development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development, have aroused great hope within the international community, particularly among developing countries, to see the emergence of a stable, just and inclusive socio-economic order.
That goal can be achieved only through a multilateral and comprehensive approach and through the development of transparent strategies that would enable us to free the world from nuclear weapons.
- Organization of sports competitions in various types of national sports, support to schools, sections and sports circles for children and young people and acquisition of sports materials.
The awareness-raising programme for Latin America and the Caribbean, which addresses the needs of particularly threatened poor communities, continued to focus on developing innovative information and education tools and building partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy secretariat, who acts as Secretary.
Constraints that restrict market access, including price increases and inflation, restrict exports from developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova to serve on the Committee for a period of three years.
Please provide information on the legal basis, including a brief description of laws, regulations and/or procedures, which in your country enable the transfer of such funds or assets to identified individuals and entities, including:
It is also necessary for the Council to strengthen the political framework of the peace process — in a word, to restore momentum to this peace process, which has, of course, progressed, as I said at this time, but which needs to be turned back on track.
We believe that what is important for anyone is also urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of an Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, in which Brazil is participating.
We will recall the Security Council meeting of 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region in the maintenance of peace and security, which culminated in the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy Executive Director United Nations Children's Fund
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “the Council has placed Iraq the burden of fulfilling its obligations and disarming itself, not on the inspectors to find what Iraq has tried to hide for so long.
It is normal that there is a plethora of information related to the organization and administration of such sites and that it does not have any connection with the mandate of the inspection teams or with weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The unequal situation with respect to those who might be provided, given the lack of expertise that the Timorese society has inherited, is another constraint.
The majority of the East Timorese continue to practise subsistence agriculture with extremely rudimentary means of production.
Even as our bilateral relations grow up at all levels, we urge the international community and the United Nations to support this process.
First, many comments were made on the judicial system.
Therefore, the President of the Court of Appeal should be sworn into the week.
(b) The project database is divided into two sections: United Nations projects and projects undertaken by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; it contains project descriptions and funding needs;
(e) 1.17 “Performing party” means a person other than the carrier who physically performs [or undertakes to perform] [or does not perform any or part] of any of the carrier's obligations under a contract of carriage for the purpose of transportation, handling, custody or storage of the goods, to the extent that it acts, directly or indirectly, at the request of the carrier or under the supervision or supervision of the carrier.
The order of definitions was amended in accordance with that suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider adding a paragraph 1 bis to Variant C, which would read as follows: “1 bis.
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is being implemented by more than one third of Member States, including some high-income countries, in order to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of contaminated needles.
Most of the police information systems that have registries in accordance with the Schengen Convention operate as a national database accessible by the Internet and are either fully operational or in the testing phase.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces at the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a donor agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist infected and affected persons.
Like most countries in the region, Zimbabwe depends mainly on donor support for its HIV/AIDS programmes, but this support has declined since 1999.
Therefore, the President of the Republic has enacted a law that defines the responsibility of the Chilean State for the prevention of AIDS and sets the objective of promoting prevention and non-discrimination against persons living with the disease.
In recent years, Venezuela had benefited from the development of cooperation with UNIDO in areas such as combating mercury pollution, developing agro-industries and timber industries, promoting investment, exports and technology.
The concrete implementation of the projects under this broad framework requires a determined effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that the financial implications of this recommendation be included in the programme budget for 2004 under Major Programme 4, Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to ensure the right of everyone brought before a court or tribunal within their jurisdiction to be present to his or her trial and to defend himself or herself or to have the assistance of a lawyer of his or her choice;
In 2001, a Ministry for Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, was established.
In view of the contribution of women in the economic and social sectors, policies should be adopted as soon as possible to address the social, economic and cultural problems faced by women.
The International Organization for Migration (IOM) has made the fight against trafficking one of its priorities and works with various United Nations bodies and agencies in this regard.
Pakistan welcomes the progress that has already been made in this regard and calls for the implementation of procedures for basic radiation protection standards of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), in the context of these principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) expressed disappointment at the results of the recent World Trade Organization (WTO) Ministerial Conference held in Cancun, and expressed regret at the lack of agreement on the lowering of tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which had reportedly generated US$ 500 billion in income for rich and poor countries and helped to lift about 144 million people out of poverty by 2015.
If nothing is done to remedy it, the injustice of economic globalization will slide the problems of the third world over the first, and poverty, terrorism and disease will also become globalized.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya had proposed to overcome the problems that hindered its development, both in urban and rural areas and in the desert, but its task was complicated by the presence of mines in its territory.
The tragic fate of the Aral Sea is one example of the challenges.
Mr. Beeser (Philippines) said that the General Assembly's full support for the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action was a milestone on the path to the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hopes that international protection of the rights of migrant workers, particularly women migrant workers, who are the most vulnerable to discrimination will be ensured.
In order to provide an equitable and rational means of knowing what may reasonably be presumed with respect to a description of the goods provided by the shipper, the instrument should be modified as proposed in paragraphs 153 and 154 of the commentary.
They often count on assistance from relevant services in other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence expenses related to activities outside the Organization
(Cancelled)
Rule 207.18 Expenditures during a boat crossing
(iv) Where the educational institution is too remote for daily travel, from the region where the staff member is stationed and, in the opinion of the Secretary-General, there is no education in that area that is appropriate to the child, the amount of the allowance is calculated at the same rate as those specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
His delegation could not support the proposal for the consolidation of peacekeeping accounts, which was incompatible with the existing Financial Regulations and Rules and could reduce the oversight that the General Assembly could exercise on each mission.
She would like the Secretariat to indicate what it had done to recruit local staff for the Force in accordance with the relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
In total, FAO participated in 66 mangrove projects in 35 countries.
Group 1 Caribbean and Northwest Atlantic Region:
(d) It is important to review the implementation of past projects (for results, possible follow-up to them, etc.) and to disseminate lessons learned.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraphs 26 and 27 above, the amount of 20,051,150 dollars, consisting of:
During the reporting period, a new Government was established in Afghanistan, with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these obstacles is the case of all and is awaiting a much more active engagement by the international community.
This expansion of the work programme makes UNCITRAL's coordination work difficult with the parallel initiatives of various organizations in areas such as electronic commerce, dispute resolution, insolvency, transport law, security rights and private financing infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supports the continuation of work on the two draft anti-terrorism conventions, which should be completed expeditiously.
The roster indicates that:
Follow-up to the implementation of that resolution must be carried out in an atmosphere of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which was due in August 1996, received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) To adopt measures to improve physical conditions of detention in prisons and to prevent both violence between prisoners and the use of violence against prisoners by prison personnel.
2.4 At the same time, the Ljubo Radoovic police officer visited the Bozova Glaica neighbourhood to tell his Roma inhabitants that they needed to leave them immediately.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to provide reparation and compensation to victims of an act under that provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that at no time during the proceedings the complainant provided no details of his alleged torture.
He claims that his return to Sri Lanka would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has ascertained, as required under article 22, paragraph 5 (a), of the Convention, that the same matter has not been and is not being examined under another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
2.2 Upon his arrest, the Spanish authorities first applied for his extradition, but that request was subsequently withdrawn because of an error on the person.
(b) The contested statement should be an essential element of the prosecution against the author of the communication;
5.4 In relation to the evidence to support the allegations that Mr. Azurmendi made his statements under torture, the complainant refers to a report of the CPT on the specific period in which the disputed statements were made and that:
The complainant's grandfather is the mother of Abdullah Öcalan.
1.3 By a note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its observations on admissibility and the merits of the complaint and also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures in accordance with rule 108, paragraph 7, of its rules of procedure.
By granting Spain's extradition, the Federal Office of Justice had accepted de facto evidence obtained by torture.
b No further details are given regarding these problems.
a Includes 65.
In the meantime, it would be impropriety in this area, as it might lead to contradictions and inconsistencies with the various private international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
The peacekeeping and conflict resolution framework in Abkhazia, Georgia, unfortunately, would justify this change of attitude.
Observer status for the East African Community in the General Assembly (A/58/232 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division works closely with UNDP in the following areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, adherence to agreed definitions and standards and data needs.
The first research has already produced strong results and produced specific research and development proposals.
i.
Stresses the essential role that political leaders and political parties can and should play in strengthening democracy by combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete steps to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2003/L.11/Add.4
The relevance refers to the extent to which an activity is consistent with national objectives or is part of these objectives.
Thus, they will have the most to gain if the objectives are to be achieved, but they will be most penalized if their interests are not taken into account at the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Board Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with ongoing political and legislative processes and new institutional arrangements in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint venture formed by the Société minière du Sud-Pacific (SPSP), controlled by the Kanaks, and the Canadian Falconbridge firm for the construction of a smelter in the North Province to deal with nickel from the mountains of Koniambo.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand dropped by 34 per cent and that from Japan by 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea said, inter alia, that if the goodwill of all parties concerned could be achieved, the consideration of the questions of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should progress.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The process would take about four weeks, from the date on which a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With respect to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by aerial bombardment in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action taken
In particular, he provided a detailed analytical commentary to the draft, which UNCITRAL had published as a working paper of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/SDTE/TLB/4).
The estimated requirements for civilian personnel for the 2003/04 period, covering 256 international staff, 282 national staff and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amount to $28,314,900, reflecting a decrease of $4,938,300 (14.9 per cent) over the apportionment for the period 2002-2003.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing under the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance for the major diamond producing, selling or working countries to participate in the Kimberley Process self-regulatory system,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
In the final analysis, the new proposals, although seemingly attractive, appear not only to be in practice in the light of the required level of coordination, the wide range of actors that would necessarily be involved and the long duration of the reporting cycle, but may not lead to the simplification of the process, but to their complication by adding a new level of work, thereby increasing the task of recipient countries and other actors.
It has cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the bodies, including its comments and observations on the request of various United Nations bodies, through conferences and seminars, the publication of books and brochures on selected issues discussed by the United Nations system and through persuasive action.
Table 1 provides a comparison of the projected requirements for the biennium 2004-2005 (at 2004-2005 rates), the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 57/293 of 20 December 2002 and the actual expenditures and income for the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report be produced on a trial basis in time for submission to the General Assembly during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
One D-2, Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.).
The requirements for travel costs for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,170,300 (before recosting), an increase of $74,800 over the appropriation for 2002-2003.
Section 26 Palestine refugees
In the future, it should be explained, either in the programme narratives, or in the additional guidance, the distribution of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and between the regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The procurement of firearms and explosives in the informal market must be denounced to the prosecutor's office, the head of violation of the Federal Firearms and Explosives Act, and punishable with imprisonment and a fine, as well as confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Conspiracy
The Committee also notes with appreciation the detailed written replies submitted by the State party to its list of issues (E/C.12/Q/ICE/2).
(l) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic in small arms and light weapons and collecting them (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and measures to strengthen international cooperation to counter the world drug problem, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 12.
During the two sessions, additional information was requested on UNCITRAL seminars.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author claims that his son was a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because on his day of arrest and on other occasions before his trial he suffered serious ill-treatment and because of the inhumane conditions in which he is being detained.
3.1 The author claims that the persistence of the Czech authorities, including the Czech Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that Act No. 143/1947 is a special discriminatory law and that it is as such a nil and without effect constitutes a continuing arbitrary, discriminatory and unconstitutional violation of the author's right to enjoy his inheritance and property, including his right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author further alleges that there has been a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, in that a violation of article 14, paragraphs 1 and 3, which has the effect of depriving an accused of fair trial, also constitutes a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 With regard to the question of exhaustion of local remedies, the Committee took note of the State party's arguments that initially claimed that the author's dispute was outside the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second time that under the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, an appeal could now be lodged with the courts.
The State party submits that the author's allegations are contradictory.
The Committee's reasoning in this decision stems from an interpretation of the Covenant that article 6, paragraph 1, was read together with article 6, paragraph 2, which does not prohibit the imposition of capital punishment for the most serious crimes.
On the same day, the author's counsel also submitted an application for cassation, which was rejected by the President of the Criminal Chamber of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Consequently, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and this part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author alleges that his rights were violated, as he was arrested and charged without any evidence of his involvement in criminal activity and that he was brutalized by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his appeal, the author requested a review of his assessment of the evidence that he considered to be flawed.
With regard to the applicability of the statute of limitation, in relation to both the application to the Constitutional Court and the criminal procedure under way, the author states that in both cases it was impossible under the anti-constitutional military regime at the time to prosecute political dissidents within the prescribed time.
Since the State party has not registered a false complaint, and has not provided any other relevant information on the manner in which the executions of death sentences take place, due weight must be given to the author's claim.
4.16 Thereafter, the State party submits that the author did not show how the action of the public authorities constituted interference in his family life.
6.2 As to the excessive length of the period before the trial, the Committee notes that the dates for determining, in the case under review, the length of the delay occurred were the dates for the arrest of the author and his trial and not the dates given by the author, i.e. the date of the alleged crime, i.e. the date of the murder, and the date of the commencement of the trial.
It is not required to use only the material available to the original proceedings before the case and may take into account the elements that were not known when the original decision was made.
It also considers that the State party has incorrectly claimed that it would not have been entitled to a pension under article 13 of the law on the allowances of ex-combatants and argues that neither of the two bodies responsible for reviewing its claim has raised doubts as to its ability to meet the criteria set forth in the various paragraphs of article 13.
5.2 As to the jurisdiction ratione temporis of the Committee, the author considers that he and his family are victims of a continuing violation of article 7, since they still do not know where the person would be in question.
Witnesses:
He submits that Peruvian judges could have been unconstitutional if they had received a complaint that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, this period does not begin from the notice of the judgement, but from the last notice of the judgement.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance for the voluntary return of detainees to those regions.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed indefinitely the consideration of this request.
The authors invoke the decision of HEOC to the extent that it includes an assessment of the facts of the case, which reinforce their argument that the Commissioner has made a wrong decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to cancel the decisions of the qualification committees and to return him to the police.
The authors brought before the court in the cases of Tamnes, Aurunden 1997 and Korsjofjell and the authors' claims of expropriation in the latter two cases are pending, but they did not make an application for expropriation in the first instance.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner were relayed by the Western Fjords District Court, who found, in reference to the Supreme Court's judgement in the Valdimar case, that article 7, paragraph 2, of the Fisheries Management Act was contrary to articles 65 (right to equality) and 75 (freedom of employment) of the Constitution.
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, noted that such prohibitions “are entirely consistent with the right to freedom of expression as provided for in article 19, whose exercise entails special responsibilities and duties”.
He immediately informed the judge that he intended to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that, mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be applied in the present case.
3.3 The author states that he had exhausted domestic remedies and that the case had not been submitted to another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
In addition, the Council of State emphasizes that dual recourse may be made to the Permanent Prosecutor or the Judicial College at first instance, and then to the Council of State on appeal, and that these bodies may order investigative measures.
For example, by order of the Minister of the Interior of 16 March 2001, the author's military service was recognized on the 13 months of the author's military service in respect of the length of service during his promotion at the sixth level of the main officers of the prefecture.
In addition, the State's claim for procedural expenses was paid.
Canada, chapter XII, Annual Report A/48/40/ Vol.II.
6 See Case Caballero Delgado and Santana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (An annual report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/Ser.L/V III.33 Doc.4); id.
The State party refers to similar observations made by the State party in Pauger v. Austria (case No. 415/1990), Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
France), decision of 3 April 1989.
Meetings
While some of the posts have been actively opposed to new appointments, the Government's will is progressively needed.
Security is therefore crucial, whether it is the safety of electoral personnel or the ability to participate freely in the elections.
However, the Judicial Reform Commission has made progress in the areas of rehabilitation of infrastructure and training.
The situation of women remains poor.
Recalls Economic and Social Council decision 2001/36 of 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, indigenous peoples' organizations, the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues and all existing mechanisms, procedures and programmes within the United Nations system, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, to submit as soon as possible, and in any event, the necessary information to the Council at its substantive session of 2003,
The proposed analysis identifies who can legitimately take a place at the negotiating table and what items are to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of an interregional workshop in support of the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in small island developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
In order to do so, two basic conditions must be met: the existence of a vacancy to which no Azerbaijani citizen has the requisite vocational training or skills and the inability of the local job seekers to find a candidate in accordance with the criteria laid down by the employer.
Rest breaks and lunch breaks are not recorded as working hours.
In 1997, amendments and additions were made to the Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities Act 1992, which became the Disability and Rehabilitation and Social Protection Act.
The same article also provides that children who cannot be integrated into formal pre-school institutions because of their physical or mental disabilities are accommodated in specialized pre-school institutions.
The results of the eight finalists were communicated to WIPO to participate in the international competitive examination of licensed and 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) The national budget;
(d) Agriculture;
That is to say that the challenge of good governance is at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play a key role in the area of weapons proliferation.
This could lead to a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
The brochure contains guidelines and information on the various options available once compulsory school has been completed.
The implementation of a feminist study programme at the University of Iceland is one of the priorities of the Centre for the coming years.
The committee published a programme for an equal rights policy for the University of Iceland for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall establish the salaries and allowances of the officials of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, in accordance with the standards of the United Nations common system.
b “In Ghana, Hope Arrives via Satellite”, International Herald Tribune, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with IMF
(c) To continue to include in the agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee reiterates its recommendation that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that adopted children may not know the identity of their natural parents, even their majority and even if it is in their best interests.
(a) The enactment of new legislation and the adoption of a number of national strategies and programmes, including decision No. 347/2002 on programmes of national interest in child protection, on street children and children in institutions; Act No. 678/2001 on trafficking in persons; Act No. 197/2000 on domestic violence and on children; and the national health programme;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, to the ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning Minimum Age for Admission to Employment and the ILO Convention (No. 182) concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour, ratified by the State party:
(a) Undertake information campaigns at all levels and in all regions to eliminate harmful attitudes towards Roma throughout society, in particular among authorities such as the police and professionals providing health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their reports regularly and in a timely manner.
(b) To develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as the monitoring and collection of racist acts;
(d) Ensure that the Family Council has adequate resources to carry out its mandate.
At the national level, there is growing recognition of the need to consider development goals and policies from a human rights perspective (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical measures, to ensure progressively, through all means, in particular through the adoption of legislative measures, the full realization of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms the constitutional law with respect to workers in the private sector and public enterprises to establish, without prior authorization, the organizations they deem appropriate.
This period is considered to be effectively working for the payment of wages, irrespective of the agreed remuneration system.
Information on the current standard of living of the population
Households that, although they devote their full income to meeting their food needs, are considered indigence.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of housing units built reached a total of 1,076,843, an annual average of 107,6844.
As a percentage of the population and housing stock, this figure represented less than 4 per cent of the country's population and only 3 per cent of the housing stock.
State housing programmes
With regard to health-sector activities, some researchers estimate that more than half of the decrease in child mortality is associated with the expansion and coverage of health services.
However, there are still very binding legal provisions and procedures for the media and journalists.
FIIM: Mining Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Act No. 19070 of 1996.
However, it is important that acts of violence against women be made public in a dignified manner and in accordance with the victim's privacy.
The conclusions of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be an urgent priority.
Japan hopes that all States will do their utmost to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and will build on the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete steps at the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms and light weapons during the period between us and the second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If none of the three options received the majority of the votes, the one that received the least votes will be eliminated and a new referendum will be held to allow voters to make a choice between the remaining two options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, shall determine who is eligible to vote.
• Women with higher education levels want less children.
Kunst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure for the International Meeting to Review the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
xi.
In their final communiqué, the 10th Islamic Summit Conference, held the previous month in Malaysia, invited the Security Council to approve the road map for the achievement of peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for its achievement within the time frame.
It is important to lay out here the three main foundations for this objective, as they demonstrate our commitment to keep this theme in the long term.
However, according to the Israeli representative's statement, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption on the Palestinian side.
Armenia has continued to implement, for almost 10 years now, its policy of blockade of the Autonomous Republic of Nakchivanan, thus inflicting immense suffering on the civilian population of that part of the country.
It is also imperative that the Government and civil society work hand in hand to encourage the growth and development of our children.
Last year, United Nations Member States adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have free access to health care and education, which is mandatory.
At the same time, it has managed to reduce expenditures through energy-saving measures.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention for the Safeguarding of Intangible Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003;
The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission to Guinea-Bissau, to be led by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, which will be the first part of a comprehensive mission to West Africa, and looks forward to its conclusions and recommendations.
The United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (Insolvency Law)* will, at its second session, 24-28 February 2003, draft legislative guide on insolvency law, note by the Secretariat (chapter I and II of the UNCITRAL Insolvency Guide, are applicable to the insolvency law, as may be the case in point of view of the insolvency representative, as may be the case in part two of the Guide.
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
However, the informal translation of article 3 of the Act, which sets out national measures for the implementation of international sanctions, can be provided.
Annex
As a result, no person affected by such a measure cannot obtain an entry visa to the consulates of Lebanon or of public security.
The Dominican Republic, Albania, Andorra, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Colombia, Ecuador, El Salvador, Estonia, Fiji, Georgia, Ghana, Guatemala, Honduras, the Marshall Islands, Iceland, Panama, the Russian Federation, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and the United Republic of Tanzania subsequently joined the sponsors.
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To consider the question of the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider reviewing and, where appropriate, reviewing their immigration policies with a view to eliminating all unfair practices against migrants and members of their families and providing specialized training to officials responsible for policy development, law enforcement, immigration and other services, including with the support of non-governmental organizations and civil society, thus emphasizing the importance of creating an effective and efficient environment for the development of policies, law enforcement, immigration and other services;
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and that it is essential to ensure the full enjoyment of those rights and freedoms by persons with disabilities without any discrimination,
Thus, not only the occupying Power has decided to physically reoccupy areas that had been under full Palestinian control under the agreements reached, but it seems that it has now decided to take over civil affairs in these areas.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 by which the Governing Council of UN-Habitat approved the establishment of the Special Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian People and the Technical Cooperation Trust Fund with a budget of $5 million for an initial period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a generalized system of preferences, which was decided at the second session of the Conference in 1968, will be a successful and innovative approach to the issue of access by developing countries to the markets of industrialized countries.
The international disciplines and commitments — essential for the establishment of a rule-based international economic regime — are beginning to extend to areas that in the past fall within the purview of national Governments alone.
Special and differential treatment can be useful in addressing economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing and developed countries.
What should be the role of government?
3−6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
There will be a meeting of the Joint Coordinating Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The above-mentioned Convention was adopted at the plenary meeting of the General Assembly on 31 October 2003 at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken special measures, although not limited to kidnapping cases, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims appearing before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane as the Deputy Special Representative in Asmara.
After completing its work, which lasted 50 minutes, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at http://www.itu.int/wsis/documents.
We still do not need the responses we need to address key issues on Iraq's past production of chemical and biological weapons, on what remains its capacity and on any existing programmes.
Population density and distribution have influenced emissions from transport and habitat.
Some provide for a net increase in emissions from this sector despite the measures implemented, adopted and envisaged.
(c) Asile and refuge, several delegations stressed the need to link the obligation not to grant asylum or safe haven to persons suspected of having participated in an enforced disappearance, with the obligation not to return such persons to a State where they risk being subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious human rights violations.
Fifty-eighth session
However, further steps might be necessary, as in their deliberations, specialized intergovernmental bodies generally focused on substantive issues and did not consider the role of the Secretariat, i.e., activities in the programme of work.
(f) The presentation and timing of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
That date is therefore particularly relevant to the non-permanent members of the Security Council, who, together with the permanent members, uphold the principles of the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
A discussion is now under way to revise the sanctions regime.
As the Committee focuses on strengthening legal and administrative measures and mobilizing international cooperation and coordination to that end, my delegation would like to focus on other aspects that could be considered and also mentioned in the report, particularly with regard to South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to know and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and associated individuals and entities could unite disparate ethnic and national groups using their languages and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations3 and the funds and programmes of the United Nations for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations;2
31.35 The main purpose of the High-level Committee on Management is to guide the work of the United Nations system on administrative and management issues across the system and to promote inter-agency cooperation and coordination on those issues on behalf of the Chief Executives Board.
My question is: What can be expected with regard to new contributions, because, as the previous speakers have said, this process will be long and will require significant funding, including special coordination and cooperation from other countries with the lead country.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braun, for their briefings, which have caused so many relevant questions on Afghanistan, although some of these questions have been answered.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report to managers on the discrepancies identified and intends to consider options for improving the updating of regional inventories.
(b) Sufficient staff should be required at Headquarters and in missions to cope with the volume of air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces (UNPF)d
United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to promote the use of identification systems, including the application of the Object-ID standard, and to encourage linkages between such systems and existing databases, including that of the International Criminal Police Organization — Interpol, to enable electronic transmission of information to reduce trafficking in cultural property, and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization;
The political process must therefore be broad and open enough to ensure that all Afghans who wish to participate in good faith in political life can do so and are not left out of reach, which would increasingly encourage them to join those who are actively opposing the peace process.
I would now like to provide a more precise description of the situation by providing the Council with the latest information on specific facts that have taken place in Afghanistan since the December briefing.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep conviction that security is one and indivisible must benefit all.
It could be accepted if it was to get rid of old reflexes and to abandon nuclear doctrine.
Given the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution will enjoy the broadest possible support from States parties as well as States not parties to the Convention.
In accordance with that view, at a ministerial meeting of the Quartet, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, introduced the initiative to adopt a special resolution of the Security Council that supports the road map.
The President: Are there any other delegation that wishes to take the floor at this stage?
Moreover, no consensus has yet been reached on issues such as the elimination of unilateral measures (e.g., export bans imposed by producer countries and boycott in consumer countries), since they are incompatible with international agreements.
With respect to the private sector, a number of large timber companies are using environmental management systems designed to ensure that wood is safe for the environment and society.
It is involved in the management of concessions, the development of forest plantations and downstream processing of forest products.
(i) Urge countries and relevant organizations to continue improving timely collection and dissemination of information on the production, consumption, trade and prices of wood and non-wood forest products in order to promote market transparency.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former law, essentially composed of treaties imposed, should be repealed in their entirety and replaced by more just and equitable legislation that would protect the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years, men are more likely than women to work because custom is that girls remain at home, whereas boys are early in seeking work.
The rights and obligations inherent in marriage are the same for common-law partners; witnesses can attest that a couple has lived under the same roof for at least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501)]
In its resolution 42/11, the Assembly requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to use the expertise and experience gained in the implementation of its global technical assistance programmes, as well as information gathered through various relevant questionnaires.
Item 8: Other trade and development issues:
UNCTAD collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa in the preparations for the Cancún Conference by participating in the High-level Meeting of African Trade Negotiators Preparatory to the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference and the Meeting of Ministers of Trade of the African Union in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Cancún Conference.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries in participating in the Doha work programme on trade and environment continue in close cooperation and coordination with the secretariats of WTO, UNEP and the United Nations regional commissions, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as with civil society.
He also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the Kennedy School of Government of Harvard University in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachusstts, on 23 and 24 September 2002, in which he presented the work of the Commission on ICT Development Indexes.
We also recognize that globalization, and in concrete terms, increasing international trade, offers hope for growth for our peoples.
Last year, by addressing the General Assembly, I referred to the start of the peace process in Sri Lanka and promised to report on progress achieved.
In addition, women participate in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women, which is part of a coordinated and integrated system of development activities including mother and child care; thus, equality between men and women in a society that believes in the family unit, puts gender equality high and respects family rights.
Developing countries are facing development challenges today, which can be met only through concerted international efforts and support to ensure the necessary political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
I would like to touch on two specific criminal justice issues:
The United Nations must therefore continue to contribute to the process of restoring peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has sought to ensure the most consistent application of its principles.
Important developments in the global balance of global forces and objectives have occurred since the inception of the United Nations 58 years ago.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe at Thessaloniki, the European Union will continue to support the Secretary-General's efforts to achieve a comprehensive, just, viable and practical solution to the Cyprus problem, in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the Security Council.
Each committee shall elect its Chairperson from among its members.
Persons arrested or detained must be informed of the reasons for their arrest or detention and of their right to be assisted by a lawyer.
The latest publication was the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child in January 2003.
Answer
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21st meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered section 28, Public information, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and other relevant human rights instruments,
Also regrets that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that the officials or active personnel or former officials or personnel of a troop/police contributor not party to the Rome Statute shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of that State for any allegation of acts or omissions arising from or related to the multinational force or the United Nations stabilization force in Liberia;
Also requests the working group to study the information presented and to report its comments and recommendations to transnational corporations, other business enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other sources of information thereon;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, sponsored by Chen Shiqiu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Mbonu, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Dominican Republic for Justice and Peace
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could work with a certain level to ensure an exchange of information on user needs and a broader objective of integrating GNSS and its addition to basic infrastructure in developing countries.
Governments do not measure the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and disease control.
Expected outcome
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is preparing a synthesis document, in which members of the Partnership contribute, to assessing the relationship between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, subparagraph (f), provides that “any person arrested or detained shall be formally indicted and brought before the competent court within 48 hours” and “no pretrial detention”.
(f) Support to the Peace and Security Council for the implementation of humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Protocol on the Establishment of the Peace and Security Council of the African Union;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is an area that could benefit greatly from education and awareness-raising programmes.
Sources indicated that in some areas, the principle of accountability was relatively well implemented, but that was essentially attributable to the personalities concerned.
Decides to include the following items in the agenda of the third session of the Committee for the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will take place on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intended to review the initiative, as well as the issue of debt sustainability, at its fall meeting.
The meeting will provide policymakers with an opportunity to address issues related to development cooperation.
Mainstreaming a gender perspective in all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Office of Legal Affairs made several statements in explanation of the rules of procedure of the Council.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
For example, we are in a process of launching our political tools, particularly those linked to the criteria of flexibility.
Recruitment staff will require training beyond the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report gives us an overview of the work of the Council over the past year in its area of responsibility, namely, the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) To help optimize the relevance of the outcome of the work of the Assembly and the Council and to ensure that arrangements are in place to monitor their effective implementation, including by linking the outcomes of the high-level segment of the Council to the deliberations of the General Assembly;
10.16 Expected accomplishments would include: (a) enhancing the knowledge base, know-how and management tools of government and relevant institutions in order to better equip them to implement an environmental policy; (b) the development of innovative technical cooperation agreements for the installation and use of appropriate and environmentally sound technologies; and (c) the establishment by Governments of institutional arrangements to better respond to environmental emergencies.
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary prevention of drug use among young people; the diversification of treatment and rehabilitation services for drug abusers; policy and strategy development; training and capacity-building; and identification and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 Conservation and sustainable management of forest ecosystems in Central Africa
Strategy
(d) Promoting the use of information and communication technologies and space technology, including by facilitating adaptation to local conditions or the transfer of best practices.
Indicators of achievement would include: (a) the number of members and associate members who received assistance from ESCAP and the new initiatives they have taken to improve their ICT policies and the institutional framework; (b) the number of national training centres on modern ICT and the number of technical cooperation activities among developing countries implemented with the assistance of ESCAP; and (c) the establishment of a mechanism for regional cooperation on space applications.
Strategy
The achievement of the objectives will be determined by more rapid assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; more prompt and coordinated responses to disaster-stricken countries; a higher level of participation in disaster management training; enhanced cooperation on the ground and at the level of the region; and greater donor response to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation to reduce the impact of the El Niño phenomenon
Programme 26 Least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States
The Institute also organized training sessions.
- The 2002 selection of women and victory (Seoul, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Olendidi (Mexico) said that, in three years of power, the Government of Mr. Vicente Fox had laid the foundations for a full exercise of human rights.
In that regard, his delegation endorsed the recommendation of the Acting High Commissioner that efforts should be made to create a culture of tolerance and respect for others and not violence.
New laws are required, but the most important challenge is not the adoption of laws, but their practical implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the Fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their reduced mobility can prevent them from starting even when water is contaminated, land is mined and sources of supply are cut off.
Such services should be developed and a social contract would be politically viable.
The declaration also aims at strengthening cooperation for better enforcement of laws, the provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and the special recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (FATF).
Ms. Knowledgeles (Australia) said that about one year, 88 Australians had died and 202 had been injured as a result of the Bali terrorist attack.
However, in exceptional cases where organizations can be created, the relevant decisions must be binding and the creation of the new institution derives from the functions of the organization that created it.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (Second Committee matters)
BF has worked on specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in the Fiji financial system.
It provides a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its response capacity from year to year.
The statement is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve or restore encumbered assets, such as asset repairs, have a security right in the encumbered assets, which generally places security rights in the same assets as security rights in other claims.
Unlethal and other non-lethal equipment
The terms of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP and the corresponding project document relating to the Interim Authority should be expanded as necessary;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Bearing in mind the important work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies in support of the economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsor of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Commending the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
Among the men, the decline is even more evident, as the proportion increased from 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, within the manufacturing sector itself, there has been a new distribution of production, which has deserted the production of footwear and clothing for electronics, engineering and health-related production.
It is proposed that family therapy be provided to families in which the problem is related to drug abuse or gambling.
One important initiative was the removal of illegal ships from Aure, which was being carried out jointly with the Land Department.
Land is returned to owners or their heirs as if their acquisition by the State has never taken place, provided that owners place the land at cadastre within three months after restitution.
In fact, the situation was considered unjust vis-à-vis Maltese donors and the amendments made in 1995 to the Housing Permits Ordinance, 1944, the Housing Price Ordinance of 1959 and the Order of 1931 regulating the renewal of the rental of urban property made no use of the rental lease contract entered into on 1 June 1995 or after that date of the restrictions imposed by the legislation above.
The programme includes a number of integrated programmes, including services prior to design (e.g. frequent miscarriage, genetic counselling service), prenatal counselling, difficult childbirth services, child care, periodic baby examinations, free vaccinations, school medicine, child abuse and child development assessment services.
Municipal councils reconfigured and moved district clinics, while NGOs focused on organizing special services for disadvantaged groups of the community, such as persons with disabilities and drug users.
The Catholic Church provides its own school buildings and equipment, but it is also responsible for maintaining and financing its potential expansion.
Candidates for university studies must have successfully completed the examination of the baccalaureate, which merely provides access to the university and must also meet the special conditions for admission to certain studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD encompasses almost all aspects of society's socio-economic and political structures, including development planning, sound economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, security, agriculture, health or education, among other key elements of any progress indicator.
However, the problem we face in this regard is that the General Assembly mandated forum to address the issue of Security Council reform — the Open-ended Working Group on Council Reform — has not been able to make significant progress since it was established under General Assembly resolution 48/26 in 1993.
1.6 The CTC would appreciate receiving information on the conclusions reached by the Commission established by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Waqfs referred to in pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report with regard to bringing the existing criminal law into line with international terrorist offences.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and potential use of United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability” prepared by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Disability of the University of Galway, Ireland, at the request of OHCHR, analyses the provisions of the six United Nations human rights instruments from the perspective of disability and reviews the functioning of the United Nations human rights system.
Measures of States 9 - 22 6
In this regard, OHCHR supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the draft supplement thereto.
With respect to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or their modification, a simple interpretative declaration, contrary to a regular reservation, may be formulated at any time.
It was also queried whether it should be confined to unilateral acts in the strict or broad sense to certain types of conduct of States that might produce legal effects.
But the 26 million Iraqis deserve it.
There is an urgent need to listen to the message of the inspectors mandated by the Security Council and to provide the necessary answers.
Inspection cannot continue indefinitely without prompt, active and effective cooperation in Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the question of Palestine
I believe that the announcement made by President Bush last Friday that the Quartet would present the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible Prime Minister with sufficient authority would be confirmed is an important step on which we must build.
Accordingly, the Secretary-General's proposals to reduce the additional amounts are limited to those indicated above and can be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the Commission's guidelines, the Special Rapporteur has continued to pay special attention to the issue of gender-based distinctions.
Requests for accreditation are registered in a registry (CAA).
The process of ratification of the Convention is now under way.
In expected accomplishment (a), replace “social problems” with “social development problems”.
Malawi would like to see all States join the defence and promotion of the functions and credibility of the Court and consolidate its jurisdiction and independence: that must be vigilant and the unequivocal commitment of all States; the Court's officials, especially judges whose personal integrity and independence must be carefully chosen over any suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) — The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands notes that the courts of the Netherlands do not consider most economic and social rights directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members also have before them document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
It was jointly developed by the United Nations and national organizations on issues of interest for sustainable development of the oceans and the progress of the oceanography, under the primary responsibility of FAO and under the chairmanship of a steering committee and a technical committee, which coordinated the work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
To meet the needs of the Convention for assessment, the Global Assessment should include an assessment of biodiversity at the level of ecosystems, species and genotypes.
Special Unit for Global Policy Review (Guidance report)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: Environment and Sustainable Development)
She thanked the senior managers for the information provided on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in human resources management.
Expert meeting on the definition of environmental goods and services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, however, the poor performance of private enterprises and social discontent are of concern.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of the draft resolution (A/C.3/58.L.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
But policy reforms and capacity-building in developing countries should also be introduced.
OHCHR has also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations Country Team, as well as with the ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The Technology Transfer and Foreign Investment Act 1992 had liberalized FDI inflows and ensured the return of profits and capital.
We note that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and military actions faced by Palestinian civilians, the Government of Prime Minister Sharon is acting to support the peace process.
The Palestinians want to put a definitive end to the occupation, with the certainty that they will have a truly viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, as set out in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without distinction of any kind, including gender,
Most of the support was provided for intensive training of teachers, administrators and evaluators at the provincial level.
The group referred to various forms of education under article 6 and noted that there were several formal and non-formal activities for children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Awareness (Chair: Ms. Višnja Gugasović, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauer, Switzerland)
For example, article 139 of the Criminal Code states: “The conspiracy to commit any of the offences referred to in this section shall impose the same penalties as those imposed on the actual commission of the act”.
Under article 148 as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001, it is liable to forced labour that knowingly manufactures, possesses or transports any kind of explosive or inflammable material or any toxic, incendiary, infectious, bacterial, chemical, radiological or assimilated substance, and any part thereof, to commit terrorist acts or to enable others to use such material.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening the role of the United Nations in enhancing the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and the promotion of democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of United Nations peacekeeping operations
The “E3” Panel found that Van Oord was entitled to compensation for some of its tangible property losses but recommended no compensation for its other claims.
It is further noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and strengthening its capacity to support the Counter-Terrorism Committee when required, the Department for Disarmament Affairs should draw public attention to the risk of the use of weapons of mass destruction in the context of terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that much remains to be done to achieve the objectives and priorities set out therein;
(h) Closed-circuit television services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
They referred, inter alia, to agreements and institutions aimed at improving the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment and the Coastal Region of the South-East Pacific and its Plan of Action; the Convention for the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment in the Caribbean Region and its Protocol on Specially Protected Areas and Wildlife; the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the Baltic Sea Region;
Another suggestion was that the main bodies involved in the consideration of cluster subjects should prepare joint reports for submission to the groups at the beginning of the meetings, following which were devoted to the scope and nature of inter-agency coordination in the fields of treaties, in order to complement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea, which was to continue for distribution prior to the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In paragraph 19, at the second line, the word “education” should be replaced by the word “information” and, in the fifth line, the words “shall decide to provide any assistance available in this regard” should be replaced by the words “Welcomes the invitation to the Chairman of the Special Committee to assist in the Constitutional Convention to be held in Tokelau in September 2003”.
On the occasion of a presentation on the effects of the structural adjustment on human development that it had delivered at a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki identified three main characteristics of structural adjustment and stabilization programmes: they were by nature limited; they were a privileged part in capitalism and weakened State power.
Any attempt to link the ban on future production and the issue of existing stocks would have the effect of unnecessarily prolonging negotiations and undermining nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament.
(a) During the election of additional members, the General Assembly shall respect the following pattern of seats:
According to the World Bank, housing costs increased by 12 per cent over the first 15 months of the second intifada.42, 43
PEPR is an implementation agency that reports directly to the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority were given to them, the refugees in the camps replaced and changed their homes and added them.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea on the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union was also firmly committed to promoting gender equality and the empowerment of women and believed that the gender perspective should be integrated into development strategies and policies at all levels, including in the work of the United Nations.
There are currently two women District Chiefs in a total of 141.
As for the World Health Organization, it employs four women and six men.
Despite the compulsory nature of primary school enshrined in the 1991 Constitution, problems are acute at this level of education.
The success rate was 71 per cent and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the higher technical education sector, the main discipline was the following in 1997-98:
Women dominate the trade sector, where the ratio of women to men is 2 to 1, textile production and garment, and the food industry other than rice.
According to the study, only 37 per cent of women had already used a condom.
(AfDB, 1996; Schenk-Sendbergen, etc., 1995).
The village chief is assisted by a deputy, but by a total of 12,491 deputies, only 101 are women.
Our work on small arms has many aspects, but the human aspect must remain our guide.
We also wish to ensure the success of the 2004 Review Conference in Nairobi, Kenya, which will contribute to that goal.
At the same time, it is important to control weapons and to impose restrictions in order to create an adequate balance between the legitimate security needs and the unnecessary loss of innocent lives, which are the result of irresponsible policies on the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
In addition, she would like to know whether there were any figures showing the number of men and women working in the private sector and in the public sector.
Ms. Gonzalez asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Reproductive and Sexual Rights referred to in paragraph 420 of the Fourth Periodic Report and the Advisory Service on Health and Reproductive and Sexual Rights referred to in paragraph 421 were two distinct or silent institutions and whether they dealt with rights in themselves or only with health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to consider, within the framework of the negotiation process, the contributions of United Nations bodies and relevant international organizations;
Thereafter, the COP will hold regular meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure adopted by the COP.
The Chairman hopes, however, that each organization represented at the meeting will have, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources, a mechanism for information-sharing.
Other matters
“Welcomes the decision of the Government of Benin to host a regional preparatory conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of adopting effective measures, including, where appropriate, new financial mechanisms, in support of the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, reduce poverty and strengthen their democratic systems, while reaffirming the primary responsibility of each country to ensure its own economic and social development and that national policies play a leading role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Belize, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Ecuador, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, New Zealand, Norway, Peru, Poland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and Northern Ireland introduced a draft resolution.
The report of the Secretary-General on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, tables 1 to 4).
One woman was appointed as a temporary post of Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (with effect from 1 January 2003) and another was recently appointed as Humanitarian Envoy of the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with effect from 10 January 2003).
The severe respiratory disease has shown that regional and international cooperation is essential to the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives aimed at enhancing the efficiency and visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the riots in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country appeared to have returned shortly to normal.
There is a need to ensure, through adequate training and support, that existing standards provide best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need to do so;
[(c) [With a view to avoiding doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall have jurisdiction, inter alia, to rule on all matters raised by or relating to the provisions [of subparagraph (b)] above];]
Mr. Nesser (Sweden) said that his delegation associated itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/264);
Expressing its grave concern at the continued Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, the relevant resolutions of the United Nations and the agreements reached between the parties, including the ongoing construction and expansion of the settlements of Jabal Abu Ghounaym and Ras al-Amoud in and around East Jerusalem,
International cooperation in the field of environmental protection should focus on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening of sustainable development institutions at the national, regional and local levels, as this would help developing countries to better address climate change issues.
Achieving environmental sustainability requires universal support for global environmental conventions.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by adopting the necessary laws or regulations to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement a system such as ODS, due consideration should be given to the organization of the Secretariat, as set out in Secretary-General's bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5, dated 12 September 1997, under which section (1): “The Secretariat, which is one of the principal organs of the United Nations, has its headquarters in New York.
Level 5 is accorded to representatives and access to documents that are restricted to participants, such as conference room papers (CRP), in addition to documents available at level 4.
In reviewing the websites of organizations or agencies whose official documents are posted on ODS, it was found that some of them did not indicate that the documents in question were available through ODS.
The initial system has met needs for almost 10 years, which is very much in view of the speed of technological innovation.
These identifiers must sometimes be taken manually; the task is painstaking and takes a long time (from three to six months) and it represents additional work when staff resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, on 5, 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some are even suspected of assisting others in acquiring weapons of mass destruction, while some would seek to acquire such weapons or to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge of terrorism as a new and real threat to the international arena, introduces a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
The meeting was attended by representatives of 117 States, as well as observers for United Nations Secretariat services, United Nations bodies and research institutes, specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I welcome the work of the Security Council Ad Hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa, the Economic and Social Council Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three areas in which ECLAC sought to act as a priority during the biennium 2004-2005, namely, policies for promoting equality and combating poverty in the region; national policies aimed at strengthening the linkages between economic and social development and ongoing globalization and the integration of environmental perspectives into government policies in the region.
The first group met with the Director of the factory and asked about the plant's material, the problems encountered in production and the effects of the problems on production.
Expressing its appreciation to those countries that continue to host Afghan refugee populations and, at the same time, again calling upon all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations with respect to the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons and to allow access by international agencies capable of providing assistance and protection to those persons,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Special agreements providing for annual payment or for a longer period of contributions to the budget by the Government of the country in which the Centre is located (hereinafter referred to as “the host Government”), by any other member of UNIDO or any intergovernmental organization having relations with UNIDO pursuant to article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between the Governments or organizations concerned and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They pointed out that the Evaluation Office might disperse its efforts and might lose its effectiveness.
Type: Satellite
The following year, Nauru was even lower, and the members of the Group included it on the list of “measures”, not because of the inadequacy of our laws, but because the rules of the game had changed and we did not have the capacity to supervise the offshore banks registered in Nauru.
In addition to the struggle to ban weapons of mass destruction, it is absolutely urgent to tackle the problem of small arms and light weapons that play a role in conflicts and insecurity in many of our countries.
Unfortunately, it would appear that, for a very small number of Member States, the issue does not have a problem of formulation or terminology, but it involves other factors that, very frankly, we have difficulty fully grasp.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account the differences between States in the scope of criminal legislation covering, inter alia, prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornography.
Corrigendum
In addition, some girls' schools are being established, and they are used as a daytime school to encourage their students not to leave school.
There is no data on the level of illiteracy among rural women.
To be held in camera on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Notes the importance of the ongoing bilateral peace negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security in promoting mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiating a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks of irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of the mandate given in resolution 57/61, to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO looks forward to working with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national plans of action and to form the implementation programme.
To date, given the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the recent meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes have been achieved; many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this endeavour.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on the way forward for the implementation of all previous commitments and new commitments for the full achievement of the objectives of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomed the outcome of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development, which had clarified significantly the methods and future programme of work of the Commission.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that have participated in these difficult consultations in recent months and whose will and dedication have enabled the adoption of the resolution today.
The overall management of judicial reform and review remains the responsibility of the National Transitional Government of Liberia, with assistance provided by international organizations of experts under the leadership of the United Nations through the knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
“[In the case of afforestation or reforestation project activities under the CDM for which CERs are issued,] a designated operational entity shall periodically verify and certify that appropriate insurance is in progress during the reporting period.
amphetamine continues to be manufactured mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should have the priority to ensure that all their services work together and that they share their resources and knowledge to combat drug trafficking.
This pattern of management and use is also essential for the quality of pasture and soil conservation.
Annex II
The State of Victoria (Australia) assists the Fijian police in the use of radar pistols and provides us with road safety teaching materials.
If those who resort to traffickers deliberately do so, they are nevertheless very vulnerable to ill-treatment during their per cent, including extortion by corrupt representatives of immigration authorities or other law enforcement officials.
It was to be hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in the area of peace and security would renew the concept of cooperation of all countries in favour of peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of General Assembly resolution 377 (V) adopted in 1950.
The Shenzou crew, a name that says, “Divisional thickness” in Chinese, stole in space and is healthy and except on Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the recent killings, violence and other human rights violations and atrocities committed in Bunia, as well as the attacks on the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and internally displaced persons who have fled to the Mission's premises, and reaffirms that such acts will not go unpunished and that their perpetrators will be held accountable.
Appendix A to the Rules
Under the operative paragraphs of the second draft resolution, entitled “Model legislative provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on privately financed infrastructure projects”, the General Assembly would be grateful if the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law had completed the preparation and adoption of model legislative provisions, would request the Secretary-General to publish them and recommend that all States should give due consideration to the Model Legislative Provisions and the Legislative Guide.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/515)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, Rwanda, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court imposed a six-year and six-month prison sentence on him against him and violated the obligation to hold accounts.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Purpose of reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, Chair of the SBI, and Mr. Halldor Thorgeirsson, Chair of the SBSTA, presented the objectives of each workshop and indicated the expected results.
The workshop, which was intended for officials from Asian countries in the preparation of reports under article 18 of the Convention, focused on States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
As the economic situation had subsequently improved, the Government had adopted a two-pronged approach to gender equality, both to integrate a gender perspective into its strategies and to develop gender-sensitive policies and programmes that would make it more systematic to address gender-based discrimination.
It also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns on the Convention be conducted for parliamentarians, including judicial authorities and legal professions.
In the light of all these elements, I would like once again to request the Council to carefully consider international measures that will ensure the necessary security for the progress of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I wish to reiterate the commitment of the Government of Kenya to fully implement the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other international instruments relating thereto.
The Secretary-General is of the opinion that the Institute's expenditures for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including salaries for the nine existing posts (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service), would amount to $970,300.
Peace and disarmament education.
This initiative has proved effective in terms of time, effort and resources.
(b) Such guidelines will be incorporated into the programme presentations instructions for 2004, and will include, as recommended in the audit on staff training, direct costs related to the design, development and implementation of training activities financed from the administrative budget and training projects administered by the Staff Development Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution as a whole (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document consists of three parts.
Compilation and synthesis of views on actions taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priority needs and actions taken by Annex II Parties to implement decisions 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE may, within the limits of its verification mandate, ensure that the parties fulfil their security responsibilities vis-à-vis the employees of the outsourced companies of the Boundary Commission working on the ground and intervene in extreme situations to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs indicated in this document are purely indicative.
However, only eight countries, compared with the 19 target, reached their completion point by mid-2003.
On 22 October 2003, between midnight and 0015 hours, an Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea off Beirut, 20 kilometres off the coast, heading north and west of Shakka, 11 km from the coast.
On the same day, at 2149 hours, an Israeli military boat fired an illumination flare over the aforementioned waters.
The Secretariat should strictly adhere to the six-week rule for the issuance of documents, as well as to all relevant resolutions and regulations of the General Assembly, in particular the texts stipulating that the United Nations should refrain from publishing paper-based documents or on its website until they are available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation had never been more favourable to women than in 2003.
Scotland will examine in the near future the possibility of extending the scope of these bans.
The annual budget for childcare services for 2003-2004 will be more than threefold from the 2000-2001 budget, and these additional funds are mostly directed at the most disadvantaged areas.
Within the framework of the policy priorities for 2002-2003, the target of 72 per cent participation by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was set.
Objectives have been set for reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies among adolescent mothers and measures are being taken to improve communication, promote education and provide women with user-friendly services.
According to the Health Scottish Plan adopted in December 2000, Our National Health: a plan for action, NHS must ensure that health personnel are able, professionally and culturally, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The directors of all NHS organizations in Scotland have also personally committed themselves to implementing this programme by signing the Commission's Leadership Challenge for Racial Equality.
Concerted efforts have been made to improve services in rural areas, such as schools, police forces, posts and day-care services.
The Court Service is developing a partnership project with advisory bodies, which could involve electronic linkages between the proposed business centres, courtrooms and the plaintiff.
A strategy is currently being developed, with two main objectives: to reach more women and children and to raise awareness of their choices in the area of security and protection; and to reduce social tolerance of these types of offences so that they are no longer excused, tolerated or ignored.
In this context, we believe that, as was stated at the last session of the Committee, 661, an urgent plan to accelerate this process of renegotiating the financial amendments of these contracts is required.
We hope that all the issues highlighted by the head of the Office of the Iraq Programme in his report to the Council on 29 September, as unresolved or agreed upon, can be fully resolved so that it can proceed in the best possible and timely manner.
It may be useful to foresee the consequences of universal ratification of treaties from now, as Mr. Philip Alston had already tried to do so as an independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the disappointing facts and the serious challenges that must be overcome and overcome if we want, in accordance with the United Nations Millennium Declaration, to achieve lasting peace and to achieve sustainable development.
Table 2
In a democracy, it is the majority that it is responsible for choosing the rules to which it wishes to accede and, in recent years, Canadians have, in their majority, shown that they wanted less violence, both in real life and in the media.
Research demonstrates that, with regard to crime issues, there is a need for financial reasons to bring about a return and focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided that the term of office of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November following the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted by consensus resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of the present report).
The proposed budget of the Court is based on the Court's primary purpose of conducting fair public trials within a reasonable time frame.
A second technician retains the Office of the Prosecutor's database and provides all necessary technical support for the daily use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, which is consistent with the same functional approach as that used for other major programmes, is intended to ensure the greatest possible effectiveness through the establishment of a common service package for both the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions involve the establishment of three separate sub-groups within the Victims Participation and Compensation Unit in 2004, namely, the Participation Subgroup, the Compensation Subgroup and the Fund's Subgroup for the benefit of victims.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and Documentation Section
Performance indicators
• Travel (including of security officers for the Prosecutor, the President, judges and deputies travelling to high-risk areas)
It would also act as adviser on internal legal issues relating to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Deputy Executive Director explained that the amount of the contribution was only one aspect of the calculation: if the other two criteria — payment with and contributions to thematic funds — were met, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
He also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the rule of law and would like to have more details on that subject.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not the modification of an existing reservation but the formulation of a fully new reservation.
The Office has prepared a comprehensive document on legal and judicial reform, which provides an update on progress achieved over the past 10 years, in preparation for the mid-term meeting of the donor advisory group, to be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also emphasize the need for more intensive use of peaceful settlement of disputes, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
In considering peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be advised on how to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society activists; the new measures have been the subject of a relatively strong consensus within the government coalition and it is hoped that the regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28 as at 31 January and 29 and 30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are central to the sustainability of the human species and the environment; our traditional knowledge systems must be respected, encouraged and protected; our collective intellectual property rights must be recognized and guaranteed; without the free, prior and informed consent of TK holders, such knowledge should not become public domain, and cultural and intellectual property is protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further clarifications and proposals regarding the structure during the intersessional period.
It may be aggravated from 5 to 10 years and the fine of 50,000 to 1,000 CFA francs if it is found that the perpetrator usually engaged in this activity.
- 1 Under-Secretary-General;
The Civil Code, which regulates family relations, declares in Articles 78 and 80 that the human person is subject to the right from birth and to death, and has the enjoyment and exercise of all private rights unless otherwise provided.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been established to ensure the effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of land entry, permission to enter may be obtained from the border to the delegations of immigration and border services.
Annex
Such differences between men and women are not reflected in other diplomatic ranks.
The recognition of the values and potential of assistance that non-governmental organizations can provide to governmental institutions is reflected in the cooperation programme of the Government of Croatia with the non-governmental non-market sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Belize) said that the exclusion of Taiwan from the United Nations violated the principles of universality and self-determination enshrined in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
Concern was also expressed that the inclusion of the “or undertaking to perform” would render the definition too broad.
However, it was expressed concern that alternative B did not specifically refer to the carrier's liability and that paragraph 1 of draft article B indicated that the carrier was “guided by its responsibility” without first defining that responsibility.
The Working Group as a whole approved the substance of the paragraph.
* “Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, India, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Pakistan, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Swaziland, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, Togo, Uganda, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play an equally vital role in other situations of tension, such as the question of Palestine.
It is the Iraqi regime that it has always had to avoid war.
I would like to highlight the very useful contributions of a large number of speakers before me, who greatly enriched our debate on this very important issue.
My delegation listened attentively to the statements made by the States Members of the United Nations during this debate.
A starting point could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles he believes should inspire our decisions in the future of Iraq.
The Security Council bears and will continue to bear the primary responsibility for global peace and international security.
My Government has pledged and will continue to do so in the fight against international terrorism.
We must be mindful of the fact that there are always peoples who live under foreign occupation and who under international law are entitled to resist such occupation.
We are also taking further steps to develop cooperation in this area with other Central Asian States.
It states:
Special allocations to the Resident Coordinator Support Line will continue to be used to support coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3, the Administrator shall provide for the funding of the funds administered by UNDP separately from the approval of the Executive Board.
It will transmit to its partners the lessons learned and confirmed practices to ensure that their policies and programmes address the concerns of poor women, those infected and infected with HIV/AIDS, those in conflict and post-conflict situations and those who are excluded from participation in decisions affecting their lives and choices.
The present proposal thus still does not envisage a reduction in the collection rate to take into account the perceived interest, which currently stands at about 2 per cent.
The support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 was $7.3 million.
In order to allow comparison with changes in the volume of activities approved for the current budget period, increases or decreases are expressed using the same coefficients used for the approval of the appropriations.
Urban Secretariat
Burkina Faso reported that it had initiated the ratification process.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter of 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report from Indonesia submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of items of which the Security Council is seized is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
reforestation and afforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization had led to a decline in State revenues as a result of reduced tariffs and taxes, and thus reduced public spending, especially in the social sector.
Clarification was sought regarding the Joint Commission on Human Rights/WTO proposed by the independent expert; some delegations, stressing the need for human rights issues, including the right to development, to be discussed in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, stated that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, the above delegations called for increased cooperation, interaction and South-South regional integration.
One speaker expressed the view that the working group itself was already a follow-up mechanism and that there was a need to continue to examine national studies and experiences and to follow up on the outcomes of United Nations conferences.
In this context, the working group considered that States should, inter alia, endeavour to eliminate protectionist barriers to developing countries' exports and to eliminate in some economic sectors subsidies that adversely affected their exports.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate this work, including by making recommendations, as appropriate.
The group raised questions to the Director of the water treatment methodology project, the quantity of chlorine consumed every year, the quantities of chlorine in water, the number of employees and the entities providing chlorine.
It also stresses the importance of effective, accountable and predictable collaboration in this area.
Case studies
Again, the use of the veto on 14 October prevented the adoption of a resolution that was considered to be balanced by all — a resolution that only called on Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by force and to consider the separation wall illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its multi-year leadership development programmes, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, has encouraged the strengthening of national leadership in a number of countries, including Cambodia, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal and Swaziland, and the Caribbean region.
List of tables 10
Analysis and valuation 287 84
Iraq's written reply to this claim can be summarized as follows:
These instruments include the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in the Atmosphere, in Outer Space and under Water, the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and entered into force on 23 June 1961, established the first demilitarized zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to join the consensus on the draft resolution.
Iraq subsequently acknowledged that it had not paid attention to these changes.
I believe that, if we are honest, we must admit that the “expression of innocence” has come, there is no need to do so.
The last part presents the conclusions.
General implications: Development and poverty reduction can only be achieved if productivity gaps within and between countries are reduced through the mobilization of skills, know-how, technology and information in developing countries, with a view to achieving equitable and sustainable development.
For that reason, building institutional capacity, developing skills and promoting entrepreneurship were also crucial for the success and impact of UNIDO's technical cooperation programmes; in that context, it was proposed for UNIDO's technical cooperation activities a new approach, which should make it more focused and efficient to use the experience and know-how of professionals whose services were provided through the eight modules.
The German-German Treaty on the Establishment of a Monetary, Economic and Social Union entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German-German Agreement on Preparations and Organization throughout Germany on the first election to the Bundestag on 3 September of the same year.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights are binding at the national level as a result of the ratification of these instruments, but also because, under article 25 of the Basic Law, they have a higher authority than ordinary laws and directly create rights and obligations for inhabitants of the federal territory, insofar as they may be interpreted as general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties have devoted a separate chapter to the issue of public participation (Australia, New Zealand, the Czech Republic, Sweden), but many have approached the issue from a different perspective on the participation of NGOs and decision makers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) or as a general principle (Italy).
Others consider public participation in the development of climate change plans, programmes and policies (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict, it is essential to maintain a minimum level of environmental cooperation to safeguard natural resources and prevent the health of people and the sustainable degradation of the environment.
When considering the construction of new sewage-processing facilities, it is necessary to provide for the reuse of these waters.
The quality of sewage dumped in oreds, watercourses and the Mediterranean in Gaza must conform to the latest international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo II Agreement, use should be made of Ramat Hovav settlement in Israel.
Second performance report on the programme budget
Mr. Barriga (Liechtenstein) said that the past year had been a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Special measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including by improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as by introducing multilingualism and teaching of indigenous peoples' languages and cultures to promote a better understanding among cultures.
After receiving additional information and clarifications, the Committee considered the issue during several formal and informal meetings, and a number of proposals were submitted by France, the Russian Federation and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, respectively.
First, all individuals have a duty to assist the public, according to their means, in the discharge of their fundamental role.
Article 12
(g) It is important to request special rapporteurs and representatives to carry out their mandated functions and to refrain from addressing issues beyond their jurisdiction.
The Committee is of the view that the special information programme on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has greatly contributed to informing the media and public opinion about the situation.
The Arabs have sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, which, as indicated in the Secretary-General's report, will remain a fundamental element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the cost of this first Review Conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by States parties and States not parties to the Convention participating in it, in accordance with the United Nations scale, as appropriate.
(a) Concern was expressed that there was a high proportion of General Service staff in the regional commissions compared with the Professional and higher categories and requested the Secretary-General to report to the Commission at its fifty-seventh session, as appropriate, on his initiatives;
(c) The ratio of General Service staff not serving as secretariat, Professional and higher-level staff to all offices, and therefore the need for support capacity, is dependent on the local situation and the status of infrastructure and trade development in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children died.
It may be the first time since the Cuban missile crisis, that the peoples of the world take the two possible options around a crisis of that gravity; that is, a diplomatic settlement, thus peaceful, or a war, with its aftermath, to the grave consequences of such an act for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
This is in the interests of the Iraqi people.
For example, in two months of field work, it should be noted that, through the cooperation of the Iraqi authorities, the inspectors had easy access to more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private residences.
Indigenous peoples and communities are not deprived of their means of subsistence or are not evicted from the lands they occupy, in violation of Convention No. 169.
They do not take disciplinary action or other measures against workers or other persons who have filed a claim or claimed that the company did not comply with the Norms;
Thirdly, he stressed the need to be prepared to change his positions and to explore every possibility of finding a fair compromise.
Introduction
Greece
and
In accordance with the Instructions for the Registry (sect.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Afghanistan, Algeria, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Chile, China, Central African Republic, Comoros, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Djibouti, Egypt, Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, Guatemala, Kyrgyzstan, Russian Federation, United Arab Emirates
What Syria requests us — or anyone in this Hall — to listen to the voice of wisdom is a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
His delegation would like to know why the establishment of a Senior Management Service was an essential element for the progress of major organizational reforms aimed at strengthening the international civil service (A/57/30, para.
The European Union agreed with the recommendation of the Commission in its report (A/57/30) concerning the maximum admissible educational expenses and education grant in the countries and monetary areas listed in paragraph 141, subparagraphs (a) and (b), as well as the recommendation on lump-sum reimbursement and the additional reimbursement of boarding costs (paragraph 141).
All parties attended weekly meetings and responded promptly to incidents.
Total bank deposits have gradually increased, with a 6 per cent increase over the last six months.
This time in history requires reflection, introduction and action.
Mexico believes that genuine reform must be based on five very clear guidelines.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration - from developing and least developed countries in all regions - has gradually been extended to services.
Purpose and Objectives
However, where this amount is too high, it may have a deterrent effect and may run counter to the objective of convenient, economic and timely access to insolvency proceedings.
Excluding the estate the encumbered assets may have the effect of generally increasing the availability of credit, since secured creditors would have assurances that their real rights would not be affected by the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The assets that the debtor has received during this period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The appropriateness of measures to protect the value of the encumbered asset may need to be weighed against their potential complexity and cost, and the need for the court to be able to make difficult trade decisions with respect to that protection.
Automated termination clause
For greater transparency in the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clarify in the law the limitations imposed on the insolvency representative's powers with respect to the types of contract discussed in this section.
However, even if this approach is taken, the insolvency representative may have to initiate proceedings to recover assets or their equivalent value from the counterparty where the latter does not return them.
As noted above, however, a total desalination may disorganization the business and undermine its continued operation at a critical stage of survival.
The following list does not claim completeness and, in some cases, functions will overlap or will not be relevant because of the provisions of the insolvency law.
As a general rule, the committee will act on behalf of creditors: its functions will therefore be directly related to the general functions entrusted to creditors, as mentioned above.
When a creditor committee is established (and is recruiting professionals), this obligation may be enforced by requiring its members (and professionals) to sign confidentiality agreements.
Some of them provide general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan should sufficiently clarify and clarify to all parties the financial situation of the debtor and the changes in certain rights proposed therein, or set minimum requirements, such as the plan to include payment of certain privileged claims.
In practice, this period may range from 10 to 45 days (see chap.
The recommendations concerning the notice of commencement provide for the protection of the debtor by requiring that the application for commencement be notified and giving it the opportunity to rebut this presumption.
For example, ILO Convention on the Protection of Workers' Claims in the Event of Insolvency, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the setbacks in this area.
With respect to the latter, the programme is responsible for providing support to the Economic and Social Council and the interaction between the Council and the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination.
On 6 December, the Presidency circulated a draft presidential statement welcoming the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, the Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, Hédi Annabi, introduced the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force during the previous six months (S/2002/1328).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained the required majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the appointment of Mr. Colen Vixen Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Narcisse Ahounou (Côte d'Ivoire of I even) as members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in due form.
Together Foundation is proud to provide effective electronic communication services that enable the G-77 to meet its growing information and communication needs.
This is a permanent forum in which higher education institutions and their leaders can discuss important issues and issues in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002), in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (approximately 100 participants);
Private sector fund-raising strategies
The social fabric is being lost and women and girls are vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, adult ex-combatants were the only people to be addressed.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations disseminates a generic training manual on gender and peacekeeping to peacekeeping missions and Member States.
More needs to be done in post-conflict and reconstruction situations.
The international community should take appropriate measures to rescue and compensate them.
Web sites President of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
For 12 years, Saddam Hussein has defied Security Council resolutions.
We are now in a rapid growth phase, supported by a strong research and development programme, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the relevant resolutions adopted by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the latest of which was resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
It is estimated that the one-week reduction in annual sessions will result in an economy of $228,300, at full cost, for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include ensuring the exercise of the right to water without discrimination of any kind and imposing systematic, concrete and targeted measures to ensure its effective realization.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of States Parties and the Regional Bureau may, if necessary, request the State Party to provide further information.11.
Add a new subparagraph (f):
“(a) Aerosol is part of Division 2.1 if the content contains more than 85 per cent, in mass, inflammable components and if the chemical heat of combustion is 30 kJ/g;
“For UN 3175, the ethic test is not required when the liquid is fully absorbed into a solid that is contained in a sealed bag.
P903 Add the following paragraph after “Empirements satisfactory to the test level of packing group II.
4.1.9.2.1 Replace "Indicators of type 1 (type IP-1)" with "Indicators of type 2 (type IP-2) and "Indicators of type 3 (type IP-3)" with "IP-1 type), "P-2 type IP-2" and "IP-3 type).
Paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.7.6 become 6.1.4.6 to 6.1.4.6 and 6.1.4.8 and 6.1.4.8.1 respectively.
6.2.2.6.3.3 Quality management
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kuenyehia observed that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women victims of trafficking were immediately expelled from Switzerland and that, as a result, they were no longer in the country, they could not testify against the perpetrators.
By pledging, with the support of the international community, to ensure peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to build NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without supporting the related evils of patrimonism, we can argue that it has been used successfully to ensure development and stability in other countries and regions.
While there has been a rise over the past two years, the amount remains far below the level of the 1990s.
The firm commitment of the international community, from the floor to action, and the continued and responsible leadership of Africa, working in a sustained manner towards the sustainable development of the continent, will help to ensure the success of NEPAD.
It is the first international legally binding treaty on trade in biotech agriculture.
• Grounds for releases of organic pollutants and nutrients by ad hoc sources
Table 1
As indicated in the Secretary-General's latest report, in his review of the cooperation activities of the White Helmets Commission in 1999, the implementation of the White Helmets formula and the experience gained in that framework.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the Chairman (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, as A/AC.268/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a member of the United Nations civilian staff killed in the performance of his or her functions in the service of peace, excluding those who have died of natural causes or in an accident after the effective date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, combating trafficking by sea, law enforcement cooperation and training);
Rule 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that the members of the Bureau of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs shall remain in office until the election of their successors and shall be eligible for re-election.
(c) The COP should conduct research on cooperative models in order to demonstrate its best and possible innovative use and to create ways to share best practices and experience.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had drawn up at the end of others preferred the proposal made by the States members of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC).
Thus, there is a risk of overlap and duplication.
The family, which is the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for the flourishing and well-being of all its members, must be protected and provided with the necessary assistance to enable it to assume all its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; killings, raids, destruction and detentions are the lot of those children who have no access to education and medical care.
Their current situation in the context of the Israeli occupation is far from a world fit for children.
We hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its wide range of activities will help to achieve the objectives of this draft resolution.
(a) To pay particular attention to the protection of refugee children, especially unaccompanied minors, and internally displaced children at risk of being abducted or compelled to participate in armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
Child protection issues — especially sexual abuse and exploitation — were the main obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West and Central Africa reported that a number of countries in the region were in the process of drafting legislation providing for more severe penalties for traffickers found guilty.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (non-governmental organizations) has already been established.
UNICEF is currently developing two HIV/AIDS strategies.
Resources for such activities have already been included in the programme budget for the current biennium and under section 24, Human rights, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
The provision would cover the costs of 12 military advisers/carrying officers ($488,200); 8 civilian police advisers ($325,400); 1,159 international staff ($799,143 national staff and 737 local staff); an overall increase of 12 posts resulting from a net decrease of 27 international posts and 21 national staff posts ($188); and an increase of $602,300).
Review of the programme of work: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I should like to draw the attention of the members of the Council to the following other documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letters dated 2 June and 24 July 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General; and S/2003/685 and S/2003/698, letters dated 2 July 2003 and 9 July 2003, respectively, from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations.
“I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Group of States of the Islamic Conference at the United Nations, to request the Security Council to invite Mr. Ahmad Hajihoseini, Deputy Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, Chargé d'affaires a.i.
But the effect is the same: the annexation.
Fear is still very poor adviser and is an artificial solution to the problems facing Israel.
The Norwegian Foreign Minister will reiterate that unequivocal condemnation in his meeting with Chairman Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories, as well as the excessive use of force against innocent Palestinians, also cause them to despair.
However, it also took note of the various views expressed in the Working Group regarding the form and scope of the instrument, its basic principles and some of its main features.
The Working Group agreed to recommend that the Secretariat should follow up on suggestions to broaden the scope of the study by also addressing possible barriers to electronic commerce that might arise from other instruments that had been proposed by other organizations, and consider the modalities for the implementation of the necessary studies, taking into account the constraints that the Secretariat might have on its current workload.
Companies engaged in legitimate business activities should not fear disclosing their identity or place of business.
(i) Make a further reduction in non-strategic nuclear weapons transparent, verifiable and irreversible, on the basis of unilateral initiatives and in the process of nuclear arms reduction and nuclear disarmament;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and to ban any measure that would undermine its firm will to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The deputies of the State Duma state that, when considering for ratification the documents to be submitted to them regarding Latvia's participation in the Agreement on Partnership and Cooperation between the Russian Federation, on the one hand, and the European communities and their member States, on the other, they will determine whether to ratify them as Latvia will fulfil its obligations with respect to human rights and national minorities.
She would also like to know whether the Government was encouraging the formation of women's organizations.
Science and technology as the foundation for sustainable forest management
Secondly, it should be used to use knowledge from case studies to develop indicators for different stress factors and that are both specific and strong scientific.
Date and venue
The Chairman: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 have expressed the wish that it be adopted by the Committee without a vote.
Through this simplified interface, it is possible to access not only the database but also other information available on the website.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Policy coordination
Recognizing the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and in the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
Pilot projects had been approved for two of the Territories and their implementation would be carefully reviewed to determine whether they could be implemented elsewhere.
In addition to the candidates listed in article 3, paragraph 5, the Supreme Council of the Judiciary shall select two candidates whose names are also submitted to it by the Secretary-General, who shall serve as an international investigating judge and who shall be the alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
KUFEC's claim for the development time of Sidi El Kilani 56 - 95 22
KAFCO estimated Jet A-1 fuel at its replacement cost in May 1991, based on the average price of the purchased quantities.
The production profile used after that date is based on the annual production rate it estimated in 1994, although actual production figures are now available.
Ms. Pham Thi Nga (Viet Nam) said, in explanation of her delegation's position, that the draft resolution lacked objectivity and did not reflect progress in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is strangely silent on the request of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the international community to establish an international criminal tribunal for the Democratic Republic of the Congo with a view to ending violence and impunity.
Last November, Esther Galia, a mother of seven children, was shot dead during a terrorist attack in the same neighbourhood.
They are essential for achieving a comprehensive settlement.
As long as the international community has endorsed the road map accepted by the Israeli and Palestinian sides, its implementation requires a genuine political will to achieve the ultimate objective of the two-State settlement envisaged by the United States President.
Despite some positive signs that have recently indicated a revival of the political process, Israeli settlement policies and the continued construction of the separation wall are contrary to all peace efforts.
The United Nations Charter reflects our collective commitment to cooperation in promoting peace and development.
However, while we put the death toll on terrorists on all sides, we must admit that one of the sources of this tragedy lies in the despair of some peoples, who are victims of the frustrations and unbearable injustices that delay their treatment.
Iran does not have a nuclear weapons programme and does not intend to have it.
Armenia intends to make progress.
The unilateral use of military force, in contravention of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage individual countries to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, the States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI, committed themselves to the Treaty.
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion strategy of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of these indictees may have died and others may never be arrested.
In addition, following a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution now defines the family as an entity based on equality of the spouses.
The plan provides for the establishment of village development committees, which must include at least one woman among their members and who are responsible for the implementation of the project at the village level.
We are ready to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal in order to ensure that these trials take place.
With regard to the question raised by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and rapid transfer would allow cases to be completed in a timely manner, as the President said, the judicial process is not readily foreseeable.
Subregional level
Therefore, solutions to prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes require the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, primarily nuclear weapons.
In the area of export competition, it was proposed to reduce export subsidies and credits, but without precise targets and time frames.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment by the Community of the Business Women's Network, which aims to empower women, including by facilitating their access to credit and trade and technical training on good terms;
Such a project is ongoing in the mountains of Central Asia.
Identification
Contents
Some participants stressed the need to explore the possibility of establishing an international stabilization fund that would have the role of an insurance mechanism to assist in addressing losses arising from the implementation of response measures.
Recognizing the importance of collaboration among the organizations sponsoring the Global Climate Observing System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty be removed from the legislation on criminal sanctions of both Republics and that it be expressly outlawed in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish an open-ended working group to consider ways to improve the predictability of funding.
In particular, reference was made to the proposed provision on the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions would cause considerable material and financial damage to third States.
It would be desirable to temporarily suspend sanctions in the event of extraordinary or force majeure (natural disasters, threats of starvation, widespread unrest resulting in a disorganization of the country's administration), in order to prevent a humanitarian disaster.
Accordingly, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be addressed on a case-by-case basis.
The sponsor delegation suggested the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergencies and in cases of force majeure in order to prevent a humanitarian disaster, and should be decided on a case-by-case basis.” With regard to that suggestion, the view was expressed that it did not adequately respond to the idea that such a provision could not be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already provided for in the sanctions regime.
It was further noted that the last principle (sect. 5 above) raised an important issue of codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the International Law Commission to take up it and for the Sixth Committee to discuss it.
Transparency will remain the characteristic of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
As a result, despite the slight change recommended by the Group of Governmental Experts this year, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States have remained unchanged; they believe that the scope of the Register should be extended, particularly as the experience of past years has shown that it, which is limited to seven categories of conventional weapons, will not attract universal participation.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help to strengthen our rule of law achievements.
For my delegation, this is a historic opportunity, since it is the first time that the Republic of San Marino takes the floor in the Security Council.
Decides further that the Bureau of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee shall consist of five representatives of Member States elected on the basis of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors raised several points regarding the liquidation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1n), para.
Please indicate, if any, how your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and conclusion
Source: Hague Conference, Convention No. 2 (available at www.hcch.net/f/conventions/text02html).
The obstacles to women's full participation in political life are rather rooted in the traditional attitudes of society; there is indeed a certain resistance on the part of men to women's participation at a decision-making level.
The trial of another Kosovo Serb, accused of being the instigator of the April riots in Mitrovica, commenced on 22 November.
Research activities using astronauts and ballons, as well as ESA space missions, are designed and carried out by research teams in the areas of plasma physics, astronomy, atmospheric chemistry and material science.
UNCTAD's work in the area of trade and development was not intended to duplicate the work of other organizations, but to examine the relationship between trade and development in an objective and development-oriented manner, in order to facilitate and strengthen ongoing processes and negotiations in other forums.
The trial phase had already strengthened the capacity of Somali disarmament, demobilization and reintegration institutions.
Target audience: All reviewers.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the General Assembly at its seventh session on action taken to implement the present decision.
“ Villagers”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are unable to protect is your responsibility.
The Commission on Human Rights must play a key role in the process of improving the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other relevant entities, both public and private, as well as multilateral bodies, to continue to contribute voluntarily or as appropriate in accordance with their mandates, to activities related to the development and implementation of action programmes to combat desertification in all affected regions;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that addressing the issue at a meeting of the Expanded Bureau seemed to be a strange solution, given that the views expressed by the extended Bureau, meeting informally, would not necessarily reflect those of the Commission as a whole.
(iv) All known and projected expenditures relating to the representative duly authorized by the Secretary-General to serve on the International Advisory and Monitoring Board for the six-month period specified above, after which such expenses shall be borne by the United Nations;
Its action against terrorism using weapons of mass destruction will also be in line with the three-step programme plan of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee, building on the necessary legal framework for combating terrorism, followed by the strengthening of the executive machinery for the implementation of legislation and the development of international counter-terrorism cooperation.
Its production base remains narrow and diverse.
Despite the periods of hope for a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been the scene of armed confrontation during other phases and periods that have had a profound impact and repercussions on the peace efforts that Egypt has made with objectivity and determination, seizing every opportunity to establish a just and comprehensive peace for the countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also urges States to take all appropriate measures to protect the cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the lack of effective flag State control exposes the maritime sector to offenders engaged in arms smuggling and trafficking in drugs and diamonds, etc.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
In times of war, by the territorial courts of the armed forces and by military courts to the armed forces.”
Participants included 115 from 59 countries, including representatives of government agencies, international organizations, consumer organizations and trade and industry.
The TEMPORARY PRESIDENT said that he had been honoured to chair the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Council, which had coincided with a period of four years of reform in which the Organization enjoyed greater stability.
Despite financial constraints, Ghana has undertaken to fulfil its financial obligations to the Organization.
Place of regular sessions
If the President ceases to be a representative of a member of the Governing Council or is unable to perform his or her functions, or if the member State of which he or she is a member of the Governing Council, the Bureau shall designate one of the Vice-Presidents as Acting President until a new President has been elected by the Governing Council.
The role of poverty and its impact on the general population were highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
Appreciation was expressed for the discontinuation of 57 outputs and the rationalization of publications.
The Committee recommended the dissolution of the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus, since it is long that it cannot agree on how to implement its programme of work and that it is unable to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that UNHCR's proposed programme budget was presented as a subvention to simplify the relationship between OHCHR and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35 (Development Account) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The strategy of subprogramme 2 should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and its conclusions be submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women for its consideration and action as appropriate.
For a list of participants, see annex I.
A minority representative recommended self-government for the ogoni people in a specific region of Nigerian territory, explaining that this would promote socio-economic development and the full participation of the Ogonis in resource control.
The term “new minorities” had not been accepted by all, its use required further discussion and reflection.
Training sessions should be encouraged to enable minorities to learn from human rights mechanisms and the development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
There seems to be a need for a new consensus on the issue of the role of the public sector in the field of energy for sustainable development (for example, setting the goals of public policies, setting priorities and guiding markets), bearing in mind that market forces alone will not alleviate energy poverty in developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
Currently, the approach could be described as “transformation”: some provisions of the Convention have been transformed into specific laws.
(c) The two C-160, Turkish military aircraft coming from the FIR of Ankara, entered the FIR of Nicosia, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the occupied area of Cape Apostolos Andreas before exiting in the direction of the east, from where they returned in the reverse direction.
Long-term developments and political will must be seen.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and most recently Liberia, show the full success of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes in urgent circumstances, of increasingly complex peace operations, involving multiple partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Luis Moreno Ocampo, came to our Geneva office to discuss possible areas of collaboration with us.
These words are the best tribute to the work of MONUC.
Mr. Pujalte (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): At the outset, I would like to thank your delegation for having included an issue as important as that of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the Council's agenda.
An ecosystem approach requires the expansion of the functions and processes involved in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
Process of the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests
(iii) Possible measures to reduce risks, particularly political risks, faced by investors engaged in sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
Just as the United States did so when it provided money to Iranian nationals after United States missiles killed an Iranian commercial aircraft over Iran.
Train students in knowledge management, particularly those relating to accounting
(b) Systems analysis and design techniques (This item, which deals with computer issues, is dealt with in cluster 3.6.
The Israeli Government is headed by a notorious terrorist, Ariel Sharon, who, according to two officers who participated in the massacre of Kafr Qassem in 1956, ordered that Palestinian children be burned alive before their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General to ensure, when preparing the budget for conference services, that general temporary assistance resources are available to meet the full demand for services, based on current experience;
Paragraph 2 would be very close to current paragraph 2 of model provision 32 and would therefore read: “Any expropriation of land that may be required for the implementation of the project shall be carried out in accordance with ...”; it would be followed by wording that is currently in square brackets in paragraph 2 of model provision 32, possibly including a reference to statutory easements.
Perhaps a second term could be added to the French version.
Model provision 33 as amended is approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY] Annex II
(f) That, as proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of their liberty should be released in a manner that would make it possible to verify properly that they have indeed been released and that they have been released under conditions that guarantee their physical integrity and the opportunity to exercise their rights;
The study revealed that the way in which the Secretariat's administrative services operate does not allow for the full use of technology, or the adoption of the most modern practices like other organizations.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General pursuant to the request contained in resolution 57/110 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar in order to enable Myanmar to move towards a civilian regime, and to ensure that both have full and free access to Myanmar and that all persons cooperating with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are not subjected to any form of intimidation, harassment or repression;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/... of ... April 2003, endorses the decision of the Commission to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a further year, as contained in Commission resolution 1992/58 of 3 March 1992, and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session and to report to the General Assembly.”
• Serious consideration should be given to dismantling large mining companies held by the State, such as Gécamines and MIBA (Ministry of Bakwanga).
Expresses its appreciation to those Governments that have made additional contributions for the establishment and strengthening of national human rights institutions;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;1
The unutilized balance was mainly due to the decision not to purchase new power generators, which could have been repaired through the reserve spare parts and were sufficient to provide electricity.
Recalling that United Nations human rights instruments and relevant global plans and programmes of action call for the granting to the family of as wide protection and assistance as possible, and that the family takes various forms, which differ according to cultural, political and social systems,
The Voorburg Group addressed the problems of identifying suppliers and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its guiding role in the budgetary process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, which, inter alia, advises the Programme on the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and the management of the resources of the Programme on the basis of priorities established by Member States;
Capacity developed through: support to organizational entities and planning entities (public and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support for the formulation and implementation of legislation; inter-ministerial coordination; research and training capacity on development issues, etc.
Specific discussions were held on those items and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its six-hour mission and returned to the Qasr Ninawa Hotel in Mosul.
The National Monitoring Directorate informed him of the meeting and encouraged him to participate in the meeting.
The importance of broadband services as an engine for economic and social development should be recognized;
]
(b) In the case of any person who heads or works, in any capacity, for such an entity, to seek or accept, directly or indirectly, an undue advantage for himself or herself or for another person or entity, in order to perform or abstain from performing an act and thereby forfeit its duties [in relation to an economic, financial or commercial transaction, which causes damage to the private sector].
[(j) Identifying, freezing and tracing funds of illicit origin derived from acts of corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of States Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
In the view of those delegations, it would also be important to ensure that the treaty system took into account existing regional mechanisms and sought to avoid unnecessary overlap.
Text taken from the proposal submitted by Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (7 out of 32) submitted a “no action taken”.
For this year, a projection for agriculture is not for energy.
(b) To distinguish between the various cases in terms of their degree of difficulty by placing more resources in highly complex cases;
Agenda item 84
In addition, thematic meetings of treaty bodies should be encouraged, which contribute to improving and making human rights protection more transparent in a specific area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate it to the Third Committee.
In the face of the determined will of non-nuclear-weapon States, the nuclear-weapon States must demonstrate that they are making tangible progress towards nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that planted forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and are detrimental to the rights and livelihoods of local populations (a strongly discouraged practice at the Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General of 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations contained therein, endorses the Secretary-General's proposal that an electoral unit be established within UNAMA, and urges Member States to support United Nations electoral activities in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter of 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report from Spain submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It promotes TCDC in policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador has five female ambassadors, compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Montalvo (Ecuador) said that the most important legislative amendment had been the revision of the Family Code, which had passed to Congress on first reading and was awaiting a second reading.
Resolution 1456 (2003)
Executive Order No. 336, which re-established the National Commission of Action against Air Piracy and Terrorism as the National Council for Civil Aviation Security.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination, as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The fruitful exchange of views followed enabled delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
AFUR African Utilities Regulators
M.M. Mauritian Marine Authority
However, it may be necessary in any particular case to take various factors into account, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of an agreement governing its relations with the State concerned.
OHCHR is counting on the generosity of donors, particularly donor Governments, to meet these needs.
The essential task remains to rectify the effects of past violence and to remedy current violations while developing national capacity to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Strengthening statistical capacity;
The first results of the Community's work make it possible to refer to a rich potential for cooperation between the Community and the Universal International Organization, based on the principles of partnership, participation and complementarity of efforts.
29B.24 Programme planning and budgeting are under the responsibility of the Programme Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in that regard.
In the light of these contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the INSTRAW Trust Fund as at 31 December 2003 would amount to $735,600.
Request for hearing
Alternative A
The definition of “electronic signature” corresponds to the definition of “electronic signature” in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valenta at 3 (212) 963-9684 or 963-9196).
With the exception of sales publications and public information material, hyperlinked official documents listed hereunder may be accessed through the Official Document System of the United Nations in the electronic version of the present Journal.
Ltd. (Sudan); LXO = Luxor Air (Egypt); NL = LoneStar Airways (affréed by the Government of Liberia); Relief = Relief Services Ltd (United Kingdom).
Smuggling accounts for more than 50 per cent of trade.
Illegal looting and takeover by the security forces, extortion and other bribes undermine any prospect of economic stabilization and can only discourage foreign private investors' capital inflows.
The United Nations should play a more active role in the negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearances of gendarmes would be, according to the testimonies received, pure desert.
HIV/AIDS prevalence is increasing and children account for 7 per cent of the infected population.
However, efforts will need to be made by country offices to better formulate lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction - goals and objectives
Press conferences
The status of ratification of the conventions and the information received on the implementation of action programmes were among the key indicators of progress in combating slavery and slavery-like practices.
The observer for UNICEF outlined the work of UNICEF in the area of child protection.
Calls upon United Nations bodies and agencies to develop and implement codes of conduct prohibiting all forms of sexual exploitation by United Nations personnel, service providers and humanitarian workers, and invites non-governmental organizations to do likewise in their fields of competence;
Invites States and relevant non-governmental organizations to undertake research to achieve a better understanding of the diversion of certain ritual practices with a view to intimidating trafficked women and girls;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African Ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the 1990 session on the improvement and effectiveness of its functioning (CD/1036), the Conference invited the following non-member States to participate in its work: Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Cyprus, Costa Rica, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Georgia, Ghana, Greece, Jordan, Kuwait, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malta, Monaco, Nepal, Oman, the Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Saudi Arabia, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Saudi Arabia, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, the United States, the United States and Uruguay, the Sudan, the United States of Kuwait, the United States, the United States of Kuwait, the United States of Kuwait, the United States of Kuwait, the United States of Kuwait, the United States of Kuwait, the United States of Kuwait, the United States of Kuwait, the United States of Kuwait, the United States of Kuwait, the United States of Kuwait
I hope that the Ministers will request accelerated measures on all these vital security issues.
There is growing concern about possible links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/375, A/57/78, A/58/600 and A/58/610)); 120 and 121 (Programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005: administrative expenses of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (A/58/214, A/58/214/Add.1);
Encourages countries to submit, on a voluntary basis, national reports to the Commission's review session in particular, highlighting concrete progress in implementation, including achievements, challenges and opportunities;
(d) Strive to achieve greater and more balanced representation of major groups in all regions in the Commission;
The issue of agricultural subsidies, which distort trade, was raised and considered a serious obstacle to achieving sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005, the additional activities to be undertaken include an assessment, assessment and analysis of progress in achieving the objectives; the identification of problems and obstacles encountered; the use of lessons learned, including the coordination of information received from various sources and capacity-building activities during the sessions of the Commission; the creation and management of a transparent information and communication system; and, finally, a consolidated report on partnerships for the review.
This assistance provided training materials, training of instructors and senior managers, and technical and financial support for training sessions organized by Cambodian instructors.
The total net amount of USD 251,43204 for interest and the amount of USD 172,784,51 for claim preparation costs - claimed for the 380 claims in part one of the sixteenth instalment on which the Panel took action, amounted to USD 479,190,427.82.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and implemented through international cooperation, will aim to ensure that regional initiatives by various agencies or groups of agencies produce synergies.
The Fifth Committee, having considered the statement of programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,4 decides to inform the General Assembly that, should it adopt draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.1/Rev.1, an appropriation of $1,375,600, as indicated below, would be required for the biennium 2004-2005: section 2, General Assembly affairs and disarmament;
As part of its reception programme, the Government immediately provides shelter, food aid and language services for all returnees, men and women, and is trying to find work, thereby providing a number of services to this vulnerable group.
Within the framework of international cooperation, the Government is fully revamping its statistical and census centre, with the aim of improving the data collected and updated and allowing gender disaggregated data.
There is a growing literature on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and the increasing number of practical examples of this contribution.
See for example Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraph 5, and CESCR General Comment No. 14, paragraph 3.
Is there a need to reduce duplication in the work of the Committee and those of international organizations?
- Local governments, which are responsible under the Local Government Act, annex II, for addressing the issue of vulnerable children, must develop their potential more pragmatic;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of developments in net transfers of resources to or from developing countries.
It is important to continue the dialogue that was initiated in Johannesburg on the issue of debt conversion to investment in ecology and sustainable development.
There have been cases in the past where meetings of States parties have been substantially delayed or cancelled due to a lack of quorum.
On the occasion of Human Rights Day, the New York Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights organizes several activities to commemorate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the Vienna World Conference on Human Rights and the award of human rights awards.
It was suggested that efforts should be made to avoid that problem when considering the provisions of chapter 8 in the light of existing instruments on electronic commerce.
He reaffirmed that P&I Clubs were supportive of the application of the instrument to door-to-door transport and stated that while difficulties could arise both with a limited network system and with a uniform system, it was noted that the transport industry had largely adopted a network system for multimodal transport, including in the UNCTAD/ICC Rules and the COMBICON transport letter.
In response to a question regarding the reasons for the draft instrument to apply a default rule in the event of “non-localized damage”, it was reiterated that the main point was to ensure that the liability regime for such damage was predictable and secure.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
There will be a briefing on the Secretary-General's Youth Employment Network, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Secretariat of the Youth Employment Network, the World Bank and ILO, today, 30 September 2003, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will take place on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
Compared to the posts approved as at 30 June 2003, an increase of 223 international staff (1 ASG, 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-4, 74 P-3, 13 P-2/1, 29 Field Service and 74 General Service (Other level)), including 25 National Officers and 207 United Nations Volunteers.
The latter would be assisted by a Secretary (General Service (Other level)) and a driver (national staff).
Ms. Shin asked about the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission for Women's Affairs, the Federal Bureau for Equality between Women and Men and the Swiss Conference of Equality Delegates to Equality between Women and Men, and expressed concern about the lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Bureau.
3, let.
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to initiate a joint programme of work with the IAEA to develop a standard by implementing the IAEA Safety Standards Development process with the appropriate participation of experts from the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with the IAEA and the Committee's reporting procedures and mechanisms.
Option 3
To our great regret, the United Nations Secretariat has not taken any steps to redeploy the United Nations observers to the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait so that they can carry out the tasks assigned to them by Security Council resolutions.
Primary health care also remains tragically inadequate in many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations have been reversed.
Among them, the National Women's Forum is a permanent, pluralistic and representative body of dialogue and dialogue, enabling women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and orientation of national policies for the full development of women, in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat has established guidelines for the legalization of such groups, the training of their members in social organization and the strengthening of leadership, self-esteem and human rights in the departments of Chiquimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
Women's Health Week.
Such collaboration could begin with the holding of an international colloquium to study the various aspects of commercial fraud and where the various stakeholders could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the following non-governmental organization that requested consultative status with UNIDO: World Federation of Free Zones (GEFZA).
In that letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities would seriously consider the adoption of those measures and would shed light on the “microphone” incident.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the action teams that could be taken into account in preparing the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to circulate to the chairpersons of the action teams a template for their contribution to the Committee's report.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They further noted that the African Union had emerged from the common vision of a united and strong Africa that would enable the African continent to meet the multiple challenges that the continent and its peoples must face in the light of the social, economic and political transformations that had taken place in the world.
They stressed that these institutions must resist the efforts of some countries using such conditionalities to defend their interests alone.
They called on donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian assistance appeals in proportion to the needs of affected populations, not to be affected by the media's interest, or by the geographical position of the place where humanitarian assistance is required.
The investigations carried out so far in Tunisia indicate that no Tunisian banking agency or trading agent has any funds, financial assets or resources belonging to individuals or entities listed above.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordinating body should be appointed within the United Nations system to provide support in this area and the regional commissions of the United Nations should include certain activities,
Convinced that responsibility for road safety rests at the local, municipal and national levels,
Thematic discussion (theme to be decided on the basis of consultations between the Bureau of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The proposed amendment to the Anti-Money Laundering Act, which makes acts of terrorism punishable by the Penal Code as offences under the Act, will enable the Office to combat money-laundering to freeze without delay the funds or financial assets of persons or organizations charged with terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is reviewed periodically on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations to the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization Dalate Counsellor Desert Proclamation and the Reforestation Section in Ushen County will be the venue for the seminar.
It should ultimately contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations that establish sustainable land management and eventually lead to qualitative and quantitative improvement of arable land and increased agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and plans of action and in their educational and cultural policies the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, customs and ceremonies of indigenous peoples, as well as their history, vision of the cosmos, their philosophy and values.
The cold war mentality and the role of nuclear weapons in the doctrines of nuclear-weapon States, the current impasse in the Conference on Disarmament, the absence of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and, above all, the increased risk of using nuclear weapons, have created a precarious situation that makes non-nuclear-weapon States absolutely in need of negative security assurances.
Participant in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Women Judges, held in Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Therefore, they must be secured by a number of provisions, namely:
- Attracting intellectual property rights;
We cannot allow us to leave the Conference inactive or to leave it to be tempered because of the obstacles to cross or because our sense of powerlessness gives us a chance to fall.
In preparing the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team engaged in a dialogue with local leaders and military units throughout the country.
These officers have effectively ensured the integration of children's rights and protection into peacekeeping missions.
However, if a staff member is reappointed by an organization that applies the United Nations common system less than twelve months after separation, any amount to which he or she may be entitled at the end of his or her resignation, repatriation grant or annual leave payments shall be adjusted so that the number of months, weeks or days of salary for such payments has been added to his or her staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member' salary, or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or her staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member's staff member
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council in particular, must act together during this critical period in order to avoid a humanitarian disaster in Iraq.
Accordingly, only claims for instalments concluded on or after 2 May 1990 fall within the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only amounts relating to the compensable period may be compensated.
The “E2” Panel has defined the scope of military operations and the concept of a threat of military action for the various locations and dates of the losses reported in the claims before it, with a view to delimiting the compensable area and period.
Canada accepted the presidency for a period of one year beginning on 1 January 2004, after the end of the South African mandate on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will take stock of best practices emerging from these recent planning and lessons learned to determine whether they might apply to future operations.
If a new operation was to be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be able to deploy it more rapidly than in the past, through the strengthening of the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of new standby arrangements (as described in sub-division 3 and 4 below).
The maximum deployment time for members of the rapid deployment team will be 90 days, after which they will return to their places of origin.
An interactive training CD-ROM entitled “ Stress management” was recently completed and communicated to missions on a trial basis in December 2002.
Mission training was strengthened through the establishment of training cells in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET and the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply cognizant of the fact that a single code of conduct should apply to all personnel serving in peacekeeping missions, whether military, civilian or civilian police, although disciplinary procedures vary according to the categories of personnel.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and the Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, the former Yugoslavia.
Commitment and cooperation are required at the national and international levels to address it.
Lessons learned from the current pilot projects show that it is vital to identify productive activities for which there is a potential demand, with low start-up costs and requiring skills that persons with disabilities may acquire.
Thus, there is a tension between vulnerability and independence on the one hand — when a person so far independent is faced with the new need to receive care and depend on others.
After considering the case studies, one participant stressed the need to find a balance between self-regulation and public regulation in order to promote genuine transparency.
The search for a structure in which developed and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered necessary by several participants and it was noted that ISAR could play that role.
New York University Stern School of Business
University of Strthclyde
United Nations Decade of Education for Sustainable Development
In accordance with article 15, the deficiencies identified were reported to the claimants to remedy them.
In the case of a claim, the Panel ascertained that the goods were delivered by the claimant in Iraq, but was unable to determine exactly whether the goods had been delivered shortly before or after the date on which the trade embargo imposed by Security Council resolution 661 (1990) had been effective on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries paid between August 1990 and April 1991 to employees who were reduced to work owing to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur was grateful for the support of a number of United Nations agencies in the preparation of the study.
Just 4 to 7 per cent of these enterprises are headed by women.
- Leaders and managers of enterprises, institutions and organizations, and all other persons involved in terrorist activities, in particular by financing terrorists or terrorist groups or organizations, by providing or collecting funds to be used, directly or indirectly, for the commission of terrorist acts or related offences or by engaging in transactions involving funds or other financial assets;
- It signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified it on 12 September 2002, indicating that it exercises jurisdiction over the offences referred to in article 2 of the Convention in the cases provided for in article 7, paragraph 2, of the Convention;
This law, which is not retrospective, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Tax Code (United States Internal Revenue Code) in force as at 31 December 2000.
The WCF and its members play a central role, individually and collectively, in assisting the GM to fulfil its mandate, as defined in article 21, paragraph 4, of the Convention, but the sense among the stakeholders consulted, including the members of the CF, is that the GM has not yet fully discharged its role, and has so far adopted a favourable attitude.
Finding a niche for the GM
Curfews continue, but are not as stringent as in 2002.
The Bishkek meeting, held on 9 and 10 July 1998, brought together experts from nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention are guaranteed in a Constitution or other laws and, if so, to what extent; or, if not, whether such provisions may be invoked before and if they may give effect to them;
(a) Seven members selected by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Control from among the candidates nominated by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, with due regard to the fact that the Institute and its activities are financed from voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution should be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the Group of African States, as well as on behalf of the other sponsors, to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti”, which provides an overview of the country's continuing special economic assistance needs.
As for the proportion of vacant posts, it is true that it should not improve significantly in view of the gradual reduction in activities.
Another source of abuse is the billing of defence counsel services.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its 2002 session;
This figure, which is significantly lower than the 2001 figure, is partly due to the rising security concerns arising from the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001, which have led some major resettlement countries to temporarily restrict admissions to their territory.
In 1998, many evidence was handed over to the FBI in this case.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures resulting from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;6
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical inquiry — the Government that considered that an investigation was necessary to obtain a clear understanding of the situation before taking the measures that would be required — assessed the level of awareness of the issue in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group by providing information or clarifications.
For example, Brazilian law enforcement officers were trained at the Regional Intelligence Training School for Drug Control in the Andean Community in Lima.
(9) The proposed regulations also impose restrictions on listed equipment and brokering activities.
For this purpose, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries of equipment and products that may be used for torture or for the imposition of death penalty or other cruel, degrading or inhuman treatment.
With respect to the specific cases referred to in the report, it was reported that the port of fraud for long periods, or in the event of a transfer from prison, or as punishment, violated the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (rules 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (Ibid., para.
The text of the laws cited in this extract can be found on the website at http://www.admin.ch/ch/f/rs/rs.html (23 October 2002).
According to this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of evidence provided by a member of Garda Síochána who has at least the rank of Commissioner, that a person possesses or controls funds that are or could be used to commit a terrorist offence or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, it shall order on request, unless the defendant or any other person has established or could be used to make such offence.
The “terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Decision, i.e. as the structured association of more than two persons, established in time and acting in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
European economic space, Swiss nationals and their dependants
Following a request made by the Government of the United Kingdom in October 2002, to ensure that the Caribbean Overseas Territories provide detailed information on all their savings accounts prior to 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the Caribbean States members of the Organization of American States decided to consolidate the formation of specialized social workers, including drug abuse.
The small island developing States of the Caribbean have been somewhat armed to deal with these two phenomena and with climate variability.
• Identify multinational biological resources and define land and marine protected areas
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory from being used to plan, organize, execute or participate in terrorist crimes, prevent terrorist elements, either individually or in groups, infiltrate and are not located within its territory and should not receive them, provide them with their refuge, and allow them to use their national territory to travel to other States.
Some regions north and south of the African belt of endemic malaria, as well as some mountainous areas in many countries, are threatened by a malaria epidemic.
The Secretary-General commends all donors for their valuable support to the library.
(b) Developing the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt-rich crusts, including applicable standards for the protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Aware that, at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world is undergoing historic and far-reaching transformations in which the forces of aggressive nationalism and religious and ethnic extremism continue to launch new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of the functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the International Labour Organization Administrative Tribunal should continue, as current disparities make it easier for some international civil servants to enter an administrative tribunal.
For its part, the administration should follow up on requests for review by the organs of administration of justice, an obligation often lacking.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Goicochea (Cuba) said that it was to avoid breaking the consensus that her delegation had accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouheddou (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years later, adopted in Rome on 13 June 2002,
This summary was prepared after consultation with other members of the Council.
Aid and guiding principles
It continues to welcome the development of democracy in the Republic of China on Taiwan and hopes that the Chinese people, of the two sides of the Taiwan Strait, will resolve their differences peacefully.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that item 167 should be included in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
d Exchange rate of November 2002.
This supported the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at increasing awareness among decision makers and the general public of the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development by building on the achievements of space research; promoting the increased use of space-related systems and services by United Nations entities and the private sector; and improving the management of the Earth's natural resources.
Viet Nam is committed to building a strong nation and a prosperous, equitable and democratic society, placing human beings at the heart of its economic and social policies.
After pillaging the wealth of developing countries, the former colonial Powers are now responsible for the death of 10 children every 7 seconds.
Unfortunately, the occupation authorities have prohibited the Turkish Cypriots from benefiting from these benefits while limiting the freedom of expression of the supporters of a reunified Cyprus from the occupation troops.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are enshrined in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Round table on microcredit
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power of most forest workers has a significant impact on the impact of falling on the poorest workers.
It is anticipated that these activities will accelerate the discovery of new drugs and vaccines.
For several years now, the Conference on Disarmament has not carried out any substantive work.
From the perspective of the protection of refugees, which is a part of a whole, as important as it is, the first challenge is to address the concerns of States in order to take into account the protection of refugees.
National legislation on asylum and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement these obligations fairly and effectively are the following steps.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with appreciation the work of the 12 action teams established by the Committee at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III and urged Member States to fully support the action teams in the conduct of their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, it should be noted that the Organization of American States has proposed that the follow-up meeting at the 6 March meeting be held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully subscribes to the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
The more we do, the more we note that we have yet to do.
Is this not, by definition, terrorism?
(a) The replacement of one or more officials;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and developed in the main instruments resulting from them (the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment).
A vote was taken by show of hands.
First, the focus is on the quality and availability of health services.
There are 28,523 women (9.3%) out of 143 263 teachers.
Some reproductive health objectives included in the Ninth Plan and the Second Long-term Health Plan are presented below (table 8).
Consequently, the population is informed and educated up to the family level on women's health in order to encourage the use of health services through information, education and communication programmes (IEC), with the help of the media, women's voluntary health workers and health personnel.
All formal sector credit institutions require tangible guarantees for lending.
The SAARC summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity in all its history has never faced such a challenge.
Liechtenstein welcomes this development and has participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to report trafficking in persons and smuggling of migrants.
In Cambodia, the joint efforts of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including people living with HIV/AIDS, drew attention and were recognized by the international community as a result of their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, manufacture, acquisition, transfer, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, in order to justify their opposition to the elaboration of a convention on remote sensing, argue that resolution 41/65 remains a useful instrument, as it outlines two principles that they consider to be priority:
Rape was used with impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terrorize the enemy's population.
Ten years ago, violence against women was totally ignored.
States should implement General Assembly resolution 57/179 on measures to eliminate honour crimes against women and the intensification of efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes through legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur recommends the establishment of a post of ombudsman or any other monitoring and discipline mechanism in all peace support operations.
This chapter provides an overview of the obligations of transnational corporations in respect of the right to food under international human rights law.
These are clear violations of the right to food, as well as the deliberate destruction of schools and health posts in many regions, constitute a clear violation of rights to education and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 2003)1
While the situation in the Georgian economy had improved somewhat in recent years, it remained extremely worrying, with a heavy external debt and a real unemployment rate above 12 per cent (official figure).
Accordingly, they doubted that Georgia's failure to pay the amount required under Article 19, and even less the non-compliance with its commitments in the three previous payment plans, was due to circumstances beyond its control.
The Global Programme against Money Laundering participated in an assessment of offshore financial activities in the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 12 to 22 November 2002.
Among the actions planned for 2003 and beyond are: improving national health and family life preparedness, strategic planning for the adolescent and youth component of the national HIV/AIDS strategy and supporting this component and promoting a rights-based approach to orphans;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and took note with appreciation of the report of the Working Group on its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This is the result of your ability and effectiveness — qualities that you have demonstrated throughout your diplomatic career, both at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and here at the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has sought over the years to place greater emphasis on TCDC within the framework of its work programme using both regular and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Brunei Police Force, in close cooperation and coordination with other national law enforcement agencies, is working with States in the region where the exchange of information and other operations can be carried out under similar conditions.
Since the negotiations on this international instrument were concluded at the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, my delegation has the honour to request that item 108 of the agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “Crime prevention and criminal justice”, also be considered in plenary, and that only for the draft United Nations convention against corruption to be adopted in due course at the Conference, held in July 2003.
at the Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Renewing the United Nations: a programme for reform”;
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125]8.
Progressive development of the principles and norms of international law relating to the new international economic order [P.150].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group had resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002, and had again addressed general issues concerning its scope of application (see A/CN.9/527, para.
Paragraph 2
Norway fully supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
The clarity with which they are part of the efforts of African countries and the support of the international community and the United Nations system, also makes it easier to understand the gravity of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is essential and urgent.
In addition, this would be consistent with the interests of the majority of Member States, which do not have sufficient staff resources to review all United Nations activities in detail.
The first consolidated biennial report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16) informed the Commission on Narcotic Drugs of the decline in global opium production from about 20,000 tons per year at the beginning of the twentieth century to less than one third of that volume in 2000.
Africa provided 24 responses (21.4 per cent), the Americas 20 (17.9 per cent), Asia 32 (28.6 per cent), Europe 34 (30 per cent) and Oceania 2 (1.8 per cent).
Financing of programmes for alternative development and eradication of illicit crops for drug production and resource mobilization
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
It is really a situation where the world is lost, and in his report the Secretary-General explains why, in his view, that opportunity has been left, and I will not dwell on it.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory has 14 public primary and four public secondary schools.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative of section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries rely mainly on PRSPs.
The border is thus already determined, further strengthened by Security Council resolution 1507 (2003), which calls on both sides to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The positions reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal structures of Lipljan, Pristina region, remained vacant, with no qualified candidates.
The representatives of Kosovo Serbs from five municipalities, namely Kosovo Polje, Lipljan and Obilic (in the Pristina region), Novo Brdo (Gynjilane region) and Zvecan (M Mitrovica region), complained about difficulties in access to judicial institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) economic stability at the national level and at the decision-making level; (b) commitment and commitment by Governments to address environmental management issues and to promote the prevention and mitigation of the effects of environmental damage through the advice and assistance of UNEP; and (c) adequate voluntary contributions to the Environment Fund and other resources.
(iii) Technical equipment: a database and an electronic forum on best practices on social and environmental liability of Internet-based companies (1); advisory services (information exchange centres) on persistent organic pollutants, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); online database on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction (1); information exchange centre and website of the Global Energy Network for Sustainable Development (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive programme of socio-economic and political development on the continent, and it must also be addressed from a comprehensive perspective.
Interdependence on democracy and human rights 143
Recognizing the importance of the role of women in the reconciliation process and in the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and exercised without discrimination of any kind;
Recommends the following draft decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Emphasizing the importance of the full implementation of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001, at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note of:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, in order to ensure greater rationalization and effectiveness and to facilitate her access to the information she needs to carry out her functions, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their possible mechanisms for the promotion of women's human rights;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, United Nations bodies, programmes and specialized agencies, as well as international and non-governmental organizations, to indicate the measures they have taken to promote and implement, as appropriate, the guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights and the present resolution, and to submit an interim report to the General Assembly, in consultation with the parties concerned, for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Calls upon States to pay particular attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account that girls and boys can be exposed to different types of risks;
Notes with satisfaction that the General Assembly has affirmed that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous people is one of the main objectives of the Decade, and calls for the speedy completion of important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee on derogations from the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in times of emergency,
Staff of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the rule of law, including through cooperation with international donors in the formation of law enforcement authorities that are committed to the protection and protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take steps to improve access to justice, as well as to implement prison reform measures to bring it into line with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43, paragraph 2, of the Convention, which brings the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child from 18 to 188, expressing the hope that this amendment will enable the Committee to effectively carry out the new tasks related to the follow-up to the two Optional Protocols to the Convention and also hopes that the Committee will complete its work late,
(g) To grant the widest possible mutual assistance in any investigation, criminal or extradition proceedings relating to the offences set forth in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including the provision of evidence and necessary for the purposes of the procedure;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
Also at the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally introduced the proposed amendments (E/CN.4/2003/L.77) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.2, which read:
Discrimination in the criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the proposed amendment (E/CN.4/2003/L.103) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.66, sponsored by Cuba.
Subsequently, Eritrea and Malaysia joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised operative paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that among older persons, women are more than men, the gap is widening with age, and that the status of older women throughout the world must be a priority,
It was understood that if the reimbursement was based on a standard rate, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for expenses incurred as a result of their participation in a United Nations peacekeeping force.
He had discussions with the Secretariat to ensure that, in future, detailed information related to the simplified approach would be provided in due course.
According to the additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had planned 46 aircraft for the period 2002/03: 22 helicopters and 24,680 flight hours and 24 fixed-wing aircraft and 39,700 flying hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. by Mr. David Anderson, President of the Governing Council at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chaskalson announced that, at the request of UNEP, an advisory committee of judges had been established to deepen cooperation between UNEP and the judiciary.
By a note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted with Member States and received in writing the following proposals for theme:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures constitute one of the main obstacles to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
Replace Gg CO2 equivalent with Gg
Often, the “Challenges” are involved in maintaining this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore not in a position to clarify the fate or whereabouts of the persons concerned.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, including 318 on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 on the basis of information provided by the source.
A small number of cases concerned persons who were allegedly arrested by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000, or abducted by Hizbullah and transferred to the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted two new cases updated on the basis of further information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our congratulations and appreciation to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barthelemy, who, through their dedication and availability, are honoured to the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $796,000 relates to meetings of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender statistics, other measurable aspects of socio-economic life and the application of information technology;
During this raid, two Palestinians, including a 15-year-old boy, Mohammed Rabie Saber, were killed.
Developments in the peace process
However, between July and September 2002, some absolutely condemnable acts committed by the regular armed forces resulted in the death of a considerable number of civilians, including the elderly, women and children who were responsible for the conflict.
One member from Eastern European States;
Noting that, since some Parties have submitted their notifications late or have not submitted them, and that delays have occurred in the conduct of in-depth reviews, the implementation assessment has been hampered,
It is expected that their application will continue to raise challenges in the future, as it will take time to change the financial management style and focus on outputs and outcomes rather than inputs and planning.
It was regrettable that it was not generally achieved to achieve the objectives set out in the Programme of Action, thus leaving the scourge of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance to affect the lives of millions of people throughout the world.
They may do so in writing at any time.
C. Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee is concerned that the Covenant rights are not sufficiently protected with respect to a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party request international assistance for the effective functioning of the Public Defender's Office.
It also commends the State party for its efforts to make public the results of its interaction with the United Nations human rights treaty bodies, including by making it possible to consult their reports on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and by translating the concluding observations of the treaty bodies into Estonia.
With regard to general comment, he felt that the focus should be on equality between men and women.
Individuals and groups should have full and equal access to information available to public authorities or third parties concerning water, water and the environment.
The operation “A package for a peacekeeper” made it possible to send 15,000 parcels to peacekeepers on mission to Bosnia and Lebanon at the end of the year.
Reiterates its call to the parties to redouble their efforts to take confidence-building measures and to contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Rwanda, Tonga, Uganda.
In particular, a set of documents should be prepared:
A collective approach and spirit have emerged.
We will achieve these objectives only by facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, by raising awareness of the dangers posed by mines, destroying stockpiles of mines, assisting victims, facilitating their social reintegration and convincing new States to accede to the Convention and to comply with its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political necessity of the Ottawa Convention as a means of significantly improving the lives of the peoples of many countries seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also presented a synthesis of developments in the role of the Special Unit for TCDC and described some of the adjustments resulting from it at the level of its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) Is an accomplice to a person who commits or attempts to commit such acts.
“1 bis.
If the author's homicide is carried out when he is carrying out a vehicle in a state of Quebec, as a result of drugs or drugs that alerted his or her personality or in a situation that undermines or reduces his or her mental, artistic or physical capacity, the penalty of imprisonment that he would be liable in the absence of such circumstances.
Each of the cases has been reviewed and the arguments made, the President shall make procurement recommendations for approval by the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) The nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee, held in Brazzaville from 14 to 17 May 2003;
Convinced of the need to make every effort to contribute effectively and in a coordinated manner to the challenge of removing anti-personnel mines throughout the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition, the social security courses provided in the LOGSE are designed for young people entering the labour market without completing their training.
Social Security Branch in the Spanish system
The beneficiaries of the pension are surviving spouses and separated or divorced spouses, or whose marriage has been declared invalid.
For this reason, the facilitation of access to dignified housing is a principle that must guide public action.
(c) Management and resolution of personalized economic assistance files relating to protected housing and protection for rehabilitation;
In these agreements, central and autonomous public administrations retain their respective normative competencies, which they exercise in a concerted manner to achieve the cultural purpose of the conventions, which is financed in proportion to or according to the amount awarded.
Perhaps a solution is to provide culturally appropriate and gender-sensitive education to children from early age so as to promote a new culture that promotes common action against HIV/AIDS and improves the economic and social conditions of all.
The rule in Barcelona Traction stems from the general principles of the law of corporations admitted by civilized nations rather than customary international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule in Barcelona Traction led States to resort to bilateral investment treaties, which allow investors to settle their disputes with the host State before recourse to ad hoc arbitration tribunals or to the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes established by the Convention for the Settlement of Investment Disputes between States and Nationals of other States.
Authority of Barcelona Traction
In the Delagoa Bay case, the United Kingdom and the United States strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when they intervened to protect their nationals who were shareholders of a Portuguese company to which Portugal itself had caused injury, but the arbitral tribunal seized the dispute had jurisdiction only to fix the amount of compensation to be awarded.
Thus, a corporation cannot change its nationality for the purposes of diplomatic protection by changing its social siege, domicile or place of control.
Ibid., p. 147.
“The Court notes from the outset that the complainants do not complain of a violation of their rights as agents of the Fixtyery, such as that of the General Assembly and voting.
Mutual legal assistance shall be accorded as far as possible, as far as the relevant laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the requested State Party permit, in investigations, prosecutions and judicial proceedings relating to offences of which a legal person may be liable in the requesting State Party pursuant to article [] [Responsibility of legal persons] of this Convention.
(c) The full or partial assignment of the value of such proceeds or property or of funds derived from their sale to the multilateral debt of the requesting State Party.
]
Proposed by Ukraine.
The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon are as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural youth worldwide, FAO also stresses in its programmes, projects and activities the importance of close family ties and the protection of major family values.
Although the situation of these persons has changed somewhat following the recent conflict, some families have been able to return to their homes, the relocation of internally displaced persons remains a major humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional human rights arrangements continues to facilitate efforts on both sides and that there are opportunities for increased cooperation,
Studies and qualifications
Publications
- Aspects of the rights of contingent soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Concern was expressed that there were so many external factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/OC.263), sent by Inocencio Arias, Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a follow-up interim report pursuant to that submitted by the Government of San Marino on 8 July 2002 pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In that sense, if I have been able to repeat it, we should build the Secretariat's capacity and learn from the success of the expert groups.
It goes without saying that my delegation fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcello Spatafora, who spoke so eloquently on behalf of the European Union.
As I also represent the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan today's debate, I would like to emphasize the decisive and stimulating role that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights has played in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: Postgraduate studies in political science at the University of Sacré-CAor.
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers who arrived without permission on the island Christmas, the Canocos Islands and the Ashmore Islands have been returned to Nauru and the Isle of Manus in Papua New Guinea, where they would be housed in detention centres pending their application for asylum;
As a result of the signs in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we hope to complete the preparatory process, but also the conference.
As we have stated on many occasions, we fully support the regional approach to issues relating to the Great Lakes region, and hence the importance of proper preparation for this international conference.
While some progress had been made by the Committee on the subject of treaties, including a list of treaties and instruments for its consideration, various policy issues had made any real progress more difficult.
In earlier negotiations under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denktash, as part of a package of comprehensive measures, had accepted that the area of the Turkish Cypriot State was situated in that range.
The concrete results in the area of gender equality did not appear to be consistent with the number of measures taken or the political will of the Government of Canada; she therefore wished to know whether the Government had new ideas to move forward.
More information should be provided on the services to which women have access, the financing of women's organizations and policies for women, the persons or bodies responsible for such efforts and cooperative action.
OIOS rightly points out that the centres in the seconds need to be managed differently from those in the first, where Internet access and libraries are not problematic.
Ms. Afifi (Morocco) said that it was very important for the Organization to have internal oversight mechanisms to identify irregularities and recommend solutions.
The challenge is to identify these transgressions as soon as possible and to avoid their proliferation.
The proposed items will be added to the list contained in the report of the Third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.4.2 The vapour aerosols shall be classified as flammable, highly inflammable or inflammable in accordance with the following criteria:
The indigenous youth movement has emphasized the revitalization of indigenous languages.
It does not comply with any rule and seems committed to its declared intentions despite international condemnation.
We have also noted that, in disregard of the will of the international community, it continues to build an expansionist wall, usurping Palestinian land and preventing the Palestinians from living normal.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the authority to undertake this essential task.
Emphasizing the importance of education in the promotion of tolerance, which is to accept and respect diversity, and that education, particularly at school, should contribute positively to promoting tolerance and the elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 calling for the necessary mechanisms to enable its associate members, including the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories, to participate, subject to the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, in the special sessions of the Assembly, to be devoted to the review and appraisal of the implementation of the plans of action of the United Nations world conferences and to which those States organs were originally observers,
The value of an indicator on deposit guarantee mechanisms is easily explained, since the public considers that banks are not companies like others.
One of these steps was the creation of an information-gathering system on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization should accept the statute of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Néstor Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
It is necessary to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system, as well as to strengthen the role of our international Organization as a coordinator of the efforts of the international community in support of the affected countries, taking into account the priorities set by the authorities of those States themselves.
Appropriate legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities for disaster preparedness and management, including the transfer of military control to civilian oversight responsibility for disaster management.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters in New York from 20 to 23 January.
He stressed that full cost recovery was a fundamental necessity for the UNOPS business model.
They wished him a happy retirement.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and curfews in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would allow the programme to go beyond its objectives.
It urges them not to recruit children as soldiers or auxiliaries, or even to interfere with the armed conflict.
Notes with satisfaction the success of the pilot project on the development of international radio broadcasting capacity for the United Nations and endorses the Secretary-General's proposal that the pilot project be an integral part of the activities of the Department;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide free public access to the Official Document System of the United Nations through connectivity to the United Nations web site, to be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Suppl.
On a more encouraging note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all the official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group and stressed the need for that to continue.
It was noted that much could be learned from existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Basel Convention website (www.based.int).
At its 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on this agenda item on the basis of the draft contained in the relevant conference room paper, as orally revised.
(a) Undertake and supervise concrete activities of the project on priority areas, in particular the production, movement and environmentally sound management of wastes, as well as the active promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, France, Gabon, Guatemala, India, Ireland, Japan, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Sudan, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Uruguay, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Uganda, Viet Nam.
The French version of the UNGEGN information kit had been published.
The Conference began its consideration of agenda item 21 (Adoption of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before it continued and adopted the final text of its draft report.
Noting also the essential role of this United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and the sessions of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During his meeting with local NGOs, the expert's attention was once again drawn to the need for uniform provision and training for police officers.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on forest products production, consumption and trade (1); database on forest resources (1); database on assistance to countries with economies in transition in the forest sector (1); maintenance of a web site providing documentation on meetings, excerpts and information on activities related to the timber subprogramme (1);
The Special Rapporteur received detailed information on child trafficking and child prostitution, including the challenges of children, government ministries, the police, including the Central Office for the Suppression of Trafficking in Human Beings and the Child Protection Brigade, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For meetings of the governing bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the provisions of the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly respected, unless otherwise decided by the participants; if the secretariats are unable to provide pre-session documents in all languages mandated for reasons beyond their control, they should, on an exceptional basis, submit them provisionally in the form of abridged or summary summaries in the relevant languages, within the time frame;
Although the WIPO secretariat had informed the Inspectors that it did not use the term “official languages”, [signatories] [to be emphasized] that, when the WIPO General Assembly had considered a report entitled “Use of Portuguese as a working language of WIPO” (WO/GA/26/1), at its September-October 2000 session, it recalled the decision of the governing bodies in 1979 to that effect.
Such an exercise could be carried out in the context of an inventory of the linguistic knowledge of staff, which should itself be part of the regular data provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or on human resources management.
It is also stated that translation time is in addition to normal implementation time frames.
For example, the process of peer review of the Development Assistance Committee of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development could be expanded to include trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed in the Human Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement comprehensive programmes of study, including on human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention with a view to changing stereotypical attitudes about the roles of men and women, in particular to accept the idea that child education is a social responsibility of both mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators for school dropouts and teenage pregnancies in national fertility surveys had been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that it had expressed following its consideration of the third periodic report on the law on the 300-day period imposed on the widow or divorced woman before remarriage.
The Committee recommends that the State party take further steps to facilitate the reconciliation of family and professional responsibilities and to promote an equitable sharing of household and family tasks between men and women.
The Committee is concerned that there is no systematic collection of data on violence against women, including domestic violence.
According to the Banking Act (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) A fine of US$ 500,000 if it is a legal person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press release on the occasion of the exchange of correspondence relating to the visits of Argentina to South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, including the following:
The facts and history of the contracts in relation to the project were described in paragraphs 304 to 312.
This amount includes (a) USD 2,300,392 for works and materials that were allegedly delivered at the site of the project and (b) USD 1,457,674 for the retention monies of SEG.
The evidence indicates that the work relating to the last decomposition (summits 47 and 61) was performed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation for the departure of its employees from Iraq, for which the assets of the projects were left unguarded.
No further deduction was made after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Iraqi customs authorities never reversed the remaining portion of the fines (IQD 348,000) that they had imposed on the Consortium.
In short, the Committee intends to shorten these reports and recommendations wherever possible and to reduce the cost of their translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, with regard to follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits, the Council must play a central role in monitoring concrete progress towards the various goals set by those conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which heads of State and Government committed themselves to making every effort to ensure the entry into force of the Kyoto Protocol and to begin the implementation of mandated reductions in greenhouse gas emissions,
That suggestion was not accepted, but it was to be hoped that the authors would wish to consider whether a less frequent review would not be sufficient in the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of the Interior and Spatial Planning of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore intended to provide the Committee with the necessary resources to carry out its tasks.
It cannot be justified in any way that such smuggling is tolerated, whose consequences are always serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to promoting the equitable use of ocean resources and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to the follow-up to the Millennium Summit, mention should be made of the Secretary-General's observation in his report that the goals could be achieved if we maintain and boost the momentum of the past three years by 2015.
For the democratically elected Government of India, there can be no larger or more noble goal than poverty eradication.
A suspicious death that has not been clarified was recorded in the Veneid camp, where Liberian combatants sought refuge in Sierra Leone were immobilized.
The recovery of heavy weapons began in Mazar-i-Sharif, but the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration pilot phase will start only early in January to allow sufficient time to verify the four divisions in the area, as well as the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers expected to participate in the operation, twice as long as in the Kunduz and Gardez pilot phases.
These means should not be available before the beginning of summer 2004, when five provincial reconstruction teams in the north of the country are expected to move under ISAF command.
Activities for which more core resources should be identified include:
UNIFEM strategies
Ten-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on women, peace and security (S/2002/1154); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Experts Assessment on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Role in Peace-building (UNIFEM, 2002); Not a minute to lose to ending violence against many other initiatives (UNIFEM, 2003).
The Panel finds that these illicit imports of Serb weapons have increased significantly the Government's fire in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations agencies are currently establishing five regional offices in Saclepea (Nimba County), Voinjama (Lofa County), Gbarnga-Phbe (Bong County), Harper ( Maryland County) and Zwedru (Gedeh County), from which they provide humanitarian assistance within the country.
Charles Taylor exercised control over all industries that were beneficial, lawful or illicit in Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral agencies
The weakening of Islamist groups would be due to the improvement of the economic situation, the opportunities offered by power, social resistance, particularly that of the elites claiming freedom and democracy, but also to the actions of the law enforcement agencies, both and so long as the misquis appear to have lost their attractiveness to many young people.
Today, according to the Ministry of Religious Affairs, there would be 11,941 working mosques, of which 1,840 were being completed and 1,079 were under implementation.
The working papers prepared by major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report to the Commission on the work of the Committee on Energy at its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) ESCWA member States will support efforts to encourage the use of information and communication technologies in order to improve competitiveness and productivity; (b) there will be sufficient infrastructure and computer applications to support the creation of networks and interconnections; and (c) Member States at the World Summit.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Irissi (Morocco) said that Islam was a religion of tolerance; the Shari'a was perfectly compatible with human rights.
In particular, it was intended to define effective algorithms of filtering and rangeland of the firing window, as the combination of the problem is high.
In collaboration with Lawrence Lvermore National Laboratory (United States of America) and the Imperial College of London, the Museum of Natural History continued to assess in situ particle analysis techniques in a steel silice.
The main development challenges should be linked to input equipment, its attitude and orbit correction system and its guidance, navigation and control components, necessary for the secure approach of uncontrolled and unpredictable objects.
At least two break-ups (an Ekran satellite and the internment of a Titan rocket) occurred in the geostationary orbit, but the corresponding fragments were not listed, meaning that their orbits are unknown.
Item 3.
“The Security Council supports the commitment of the Interim Administration of Afghanistan to eradicate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement the decrees prohibiting opium poppy cultivation, production and processing, including illicit drug trafficking and drug addiction.
The list of these issues was presented by the author during UNCTAD's 2002 meeting in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not contradictory but rather complementary and interdependent.
• Regional security challenges
Minimum requirements for medically assisted treatment of drug abusers
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9, 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered quadrennial reports deferred from previous sessions under agenda item 4.
The Secretariat would prepare a draft letter and file for distribution to the members of the working group.
With regard to content development, emphasis is placed on the design of products and services in languages, materials and presentations that make it possible for broadcasters and users to disseminate and use best.
• In order to expand its outreach, the Regional Information Centre will work closely with resident coordinators' offices in countries where they exist and will be able to develop partnerships with national institutions and organizations, such as United Nations Associations.
Phase 2 ended on 4 February 2002 with the introduction of the new multilingual system, which fully utilizes the multilingual capacity of the Lotus Notes environment, allowing users to select among the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity regarding the law and practice governing police custody, the length of such detention and access to a lawyer during police detention.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Consultative Commission on Human Rights to function in accordance with the Principles relating to the status of national institutions for the promotion and protection of human rights (“the Paris Principles”), as contained in General Assembly resolution 48/134.
Information on measures taken by the authorities to prosecute traffickers, as well as more precise information on the number of victims and the number of children who have received protection, repatriation and reintegration measures, should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements and the biennial support budget are in full harmony with the four-year clarification period.
Ms. Shin commended Mexico for having organized the first world conference on women in 1975 and ratified the Convention and the Optional Protocol early.
Gender equality is of particular importance in economic and social development.
The main objectives of UNISPACE III were:
The Ministry of Justice received requests for registration from over 100 parties.
Examples of initiatives aimed at strengthening the capacity of LDCs in implementing the principles of good governance include the funding of a programme of reforms of local government in the United Republic of Tanzania; the support of the G-8 to the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which includes 34 LDCs; the participation of Italy in the African Regional Centre for Technical Assistance;
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example — have announced further debt relief and, in view of the shortfall in HIPC reserves, some have decided to increase their contribution to the Fund, and the Government of Morocco has announced the cancellation of the debt of African LDCs and their export duty.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his latest report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), as well as the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
Relations with Jakarta have been standardised; militia members in West Timor, we believe, seem largely demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to emphasize that, as the Secretary-General has rightly said, the lasting stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of the Timorese leadership to the rule of law and its continued efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism has been set up at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
The general debate will be broadcast live on the Web and stored for visionary purposes at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity referred to by the representative of Turkey is only one — and I use here the terminology of the European Code of Human Rights-Government subordinate to Turkey and nothing else.
The European Anti-Cracist Football Network also organizes an annual event in Monecchio, Italy, the Anti-Pracist World Cup, a cultural and sports event that brings together non-European artists and non-European traps belonging to migrant communities.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Panel discussion on “Reducing the risks of biological weapons”
Article 34
(b) If both spouses are staff members of the Secretariat, only one of the members of the couple may benefit from the provisions of subparagraph (a) (i) and (ii) above, the other may use the provisions of subparagraph (a) (iii) of subparagraph (a) above, if otherwise eligible;
The consideration of this issue led to a discussion of measures to increase transparency in the field of small arms and light weapons.
Given the importance of partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, the meeting called for more such initiatives and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II of the Staff Regulations — education grant and special education grant
Annex III
(ii) Matters relating to registries under Article 7, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions of the 2000 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons on the Middle East;
Gravely concerned about discrimination against the girl child and about violations of their rights, all of which are often less likely than boys to have access to education, adequate food and physical and mental health care, that they are less likely to enjoy the rights, opportunities and benefits of childhood and adolescence, and that they are frequently subjected to various forms of cultural, social, sexual and economic exploitation, as well as to corporal punishment,
Emphasizing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should constitute the standard for the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, and recognizing the importance of the Optional Protocols to the Convention, which address children engaged in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing and ratifying or acceding to the Optional Protocols to the Convention on the Rights of Children and Armed Conflict and the Sale of Children, Child Prostitution and Child Pornography,3 and urges them to implement them fully;
Convinced that collective action is more successful, it believes that all nations in a position to do so should contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
This includes data management and mine action standards.
I do not intend to prejudge the intentions of the high-level panel of eminent personalities on United Nations reform, but, in my view, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is envisaged in peacekeeping mandates and, where appropriate, is included.
See generally Best Practices in Poverty Reduction: An Analytical Framework, Else Øyer (ed.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, at as close as possible after the closure of the Commission's session, chapter II of its report containing summaries of the work of the session, chapter III, which contains the points on which States' comments would be of particular interest to the Commission, and the draft articles adopted on first or second reading;
During the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers undertook, under the Charter, to ensure that the Territories under their administration reached an appropriate level of self-government.
The Chairman: If no other delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Ad Hoc Committee shall hold in 2003, within existing resources, at least one session of 10 working days, prior to the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
One of the outcomes of the meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation policies and legislation.
Chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now in the urgent need for assistance and support from the international community.
Saint Lucia, which presided over this Assembly, is currently establishing a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the relevant support of your neighbours in the Caribbean Community.
What is the result on the industries of cruel and emerging industries in poor countries?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that what happened in Iraq — yesterday's atrocities, reconstruction today — is a tragic event and that the international community must promote this reconstruction and be with us at this time.
He paid tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that, although China had not signed it, it had not prevented it from engaging and cooperating with the signatory countries.
Of the 250,000 people who have been killed in war-related circumstances since 1989, at least half of them are civilians.
(f) Facilitate the free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and goods throughout and beyond Liberian borders;
Article 1
In the event of any violation of women's rights in employment, the person concerned shall have the right to bring proceedings before the court in accordance with the Code of Civil Procedure.
There are a number of non-governmental organizations working on family planning issues in Latvia.
Despite these efforts, the Panel has been handicapped in its work by a number of factors, including its low strength, the limited operational budget and the division of the country, as well as by the alignment of many media outlets with the positions of either side and the piecemeal nature of information infrastructure outside the capital.
Despite this, the Assembly has always been difficult to refute the prosecution that it does not fulfil its mandate under the Charter of the United Nations.
It is therefore encouraging — in the light of the commitment to complete phase II of the weapons disposal plan by 24 December 2002, as envisaged — to note that the Action Plan for Weapons Collection was adopted at the Buka meeting on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key to progress in the peace process, in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998 on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 57/291 of 20 December 2002,
In this case, it is a collective unilateral act of origin, adopted by an international organization within its competence and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
Of course, this must be done under the supervision of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): At the outset, I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that action must be taken cautiously.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal is ready to assist the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, in the best possible way, by providing troops and other resources.
The Committee's recommendations complement the actions of intergovernmental bodies and processes, including the high-level conferences and summits since the submission of the last report in 2001, such as the World Summit on Sustainable Development held in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development held in Monterrey in March 2002.
As a result of their geographical and economic isolation and marginalization, they are often more exposed to violence, particularly domestic violence and trafficking.
Africa II Division
Fourteen countries received assistance of $4 million or over.
The members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was indispensable, and that Angola should endeavour to resolve specific humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea): Thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this meeting.
I believe that, from the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly well placed to develop and strengthen the technical capacity of Bougainville in line with its technical and other expertise.
With the support of the Yugoslav People's Army, the Serb forces took control of parts of Western Slavonia and Eastern Slavonia that eventually brought the territories into a single State, the “Republicika Krajina”.
Combating desertification is an important element of sustainable development in addition to being an ecological problem.
This cooperation helps to link individuals and enterprises in developing countries and helps to attract domestic and foreign investment for the development and modernization of productive capacity, thereby increasing the competitive position of the manufacturing sector in developing countries.
For our part, Jordan rejects all evil lies and the sinister campaigns aimed at denigrating Arabs and Muslims by labeling them as terrorists.
There is, behind the discussions that took place prior to the war and always fuelled controversy, a severe evil in the distribution of power in the international arena after the cold war.
Suicide attacks targeting innocent civilians must end, and the occupation of Arab lands must stop.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly regain its primacy at the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council be more visible and relevant to ordinary people.
Stresses the need to establish a transitional administration in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations and governed by the Organization, in order to ensure stability and to create the conditions necessary for lasting peace and respect for human rights.
As for the follow-up to paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future courses would receive more participants should be welcomed.
The review process was not intended to renegotiate the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that policy indicators, whether at the national level or at the international level, were more difficult to define than indicators for achieving concrete results such as certain types of technical assistance.
As part of the establishment of new mechanisms, the issue of stable flows should be given sufficient attention.
The errors of this kind noted in the report, which might seem superficial, were in fact serious and fundamental in the political context.
He cautioned the representative in question that, whatever the historical allusions he chose to do, he should be careful to compare the tragic events of the holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been exterminated, with current political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
H. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and admission of observers 29 - 30 7
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, effective 1 January 2004:
Assistance provided to developing countries in their multilateral trade negotiations on services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in that area had been recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General hereby transmits to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization in response to Economic and Social Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998 and 53/200 of 15 December 1998.
They also attended several ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of leading industrial associations and non-governmental groups.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions have been carried out with or by natural or legal persons residing in countries that do not cooperate with the International Financial Action Task Force (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, OHCHR, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, established the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa in Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and at the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, environmentally sound social and economic policies, responsive democratic institutions to the needs of people, the rule of law, anti-corruption measures, gender equality and an enabling environment for investment constitute the basis for sustainable development and are essential for the provision of adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is due to the gradual downsizing of civilian police from 3,055 in July 2004 to 2,195 in June 2005.
The report concluded that the combination of evaluation based on diverse assessments and a multisectoral approach was fruitful.
Emphasizes that all future and existing peacekeeping missions shall be given equal and non-discriminatory treatment in respect of financial and administrative arrangements;
The members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (Oman), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Malevich (Belarus), Vice-Chairperson-Rapporteur.
Insolvency law
I would also like to express our thanks to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his very useful comments on the contribution of ECOSOC to the peace process.
Model provision 51 is approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations at the nineteenth session of the Programme and Budget Committee held recently, the Director-General entrusted the Director-General of the Programme Development and Technical Cooperation Division with further strengthening evaluation and developing appropriate performance indicators.
Prior to replication in other integrated programmes and adopting this combined approach as a UNIDO standard methodology, the indicator framework is currently being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions to be adopted by the Council
Annex II
The Hydril's claim relates to six contracts with INOC for the sale of items for use in oil fields in Iraq.
Although the basis for such comparisons is not ideal, as has already been mentioned, the evidence to show that UNIDO bears disproportionately responsibility because it manages all the VIC buildings is sufficiently convincing.
NEPAD promotes the creation of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations is clearly similar to the late formulation of a reservation and, therefore, the restrictions adopted in the latter case (guidelines 2.3.1 to 2.3.3)3) must be transposed to the extent of the reservations, which reflects current practice, including current practice.
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposed a definition of objections taking into account theoretical considerations and the study of practice.
When landfills are properly sealed, the risk of infiltration of oil into underlying waters is infime.
Please describe the legislative and/or administrative measures, if any, taken to implement the travel ban.
The procedures for the import and export of arms are dealt with in responses to questions 22 and 23 and any activity other than those provided for in these procedures are considered an offence under the criminal law applicable in the case.
Space:
A list of space systems devoted to sustainable development is provided in table 1.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): During 11 years, the General Assembly of the United Nations has annually adopted resolutions calling upon all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and to abide by the principles contained in international legal instruments, by repealing or invalidating all laws and measures with extraterritorial effects that affect the sovereignty of other States, the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction.
Castro remains obstinately opposed to any political openness and continues to deny the Cuban people the most basic rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Asset Disposal Unit would be expected to evolve with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council on the question
The inspectors met with the Director of the warehouses at 9.10 a.m. and asked whether vaccines had been imported and distributed and whether changes had taken place over the past four years.
A ceiling of 24 per cent and a floor rate of 0.01 per cent will be used for the preparation of the scale of assessments for the Tribunal's budget (see para.
At the Twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was decided that the Tribunal should continue to follow its current practice with respect to staff assessment, pending a decision based on a detailed proposal to be submitted by the Tribunal to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the above Act provides for separate protection for persons who organize or participate in the strike, provided that the movement is organized in accordance with the law.
Equal access to public higher education provides a basis for high school students who wish to pursue their studies by encouraging them to achieve good results at the secondary level.
As a result, phenomena such as soil erosion and the extinction of plant and animal species in some quarters (forests, rivers and lakes) could impede Montenegro's harmonious development, which meant, on a negative basis, that the current level of poverty could continue.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
Pursuant to ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 concerning Social Security (Minimum Standards), insured persons who have contributed for less than 20 years are entitled to retire at the age of 65 for men and 60 for women after 15 years of contribution.
See table 18, annex.
The European Union underlines the importance of the rapid deployment of the international stabilization force/institution force.
Have you encountered implementation problems related to the submission of names and the identification information currently on the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly*
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Non-Applicability of Statutory Limitations to War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity of 26 November 1968 should be able to apply fully in that case, as should those principles of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have international safeguards for the protection of children, but they remain unfulfilled.
This attitude should be reversed by the Security Council, as it is cynical, anachronistic and constitutes an act of violation of the agreed ceasefire and truce.
Expressing concern at the fate of many Kuwaiti and third-country nationals missing since 2 August 1990,
(We hope that the principle of gender equality will be implemented.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly,
The discussion of this theme today is therefore an absolute necessity and is very much about it.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement in explanation of position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear any objection, I shall put the draft resolution to the vote now.
Under agenda item 117 (b):
The Panel also reviewed several claims for industrial or commercial losses alleged by the claimants as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
b Excludes an amount of USD 2,174,379.83 for business losses suffered by Kuwaiti companies, which will be reviewed by the “E4” Panels in accordance with Governing Council decision 123.
Stresses the need to strive for a wider acceptance for the internationalization and realization of the right to development, and calls upon States to formulate the necessary actions and to implement the measures required for the implementation of the right to development as fundamental human right;
Developments in the human rights situation since the signing of the Peace Agreements
Therefore, the next Government urgently needs to build on the successes of police officers, judges, prosecutors and human rights activists whose dedication and courage are the basis for reform.
There is still no comprehensive global definition of universal human rights obligations that correspond to the right to education.
The truth about the events of Khojali
This reference to international organizations has led to the inclusion in article 2, paragraph 1 (i), of the following definition for the purposes of the Convention:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered the preliminary and introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Introduction)).
In order to review the new priorities, it was first necessary to identify obsolete activities.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections were held in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly, which established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of 1983, which currently regulates the institutional life of the nation.
Decisions on the next meeting of the Committee on Budget and Finance, including dates and venue.
Improvement and modernization of conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi in order for the conference facilities to be accommodated in good conditions at major meetings and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance of the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and embodied in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “National research on space debris, the safety of space objects with nuclear power sources and problems relating to their collision with space debris” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on “Preparations for the use of nuclear power sources in outer space” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.265/Add.5.1).
Space object function: The satellite is used for commercial telecommunications and defence purposes.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also urges all Member States that have not yet done so to impose on financial institutions the appropriate implementation of comprehensive precautionary and vigilance programmes that can promote transparency and prevent the illegal placement of funds;
We greatly appreciate the initiative taken by the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global assessment mechanism for the marine environment, based on a previous resolution of the General Assembly, resolution 57/141, and the report of the Secretary-General this year, which is now reflected in draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a transparent and regular inter-agency coordination and cooperation mechanism within the United Nations system to fill the gap left behind by the discontinuation of the Subcommittee on Oceans and Coastal Zones.
By ratifying the Convention, we affirmed our belief in the application of the rule of law to the world's oceans.
The results of the project, including specific recommendations on the minimization of risks to biodiversity resulting from mining activities to the oceans funds, will be forwarded by the Authority to the international community.
As part of the increase in the base/floor salary scale, the Commission noted that the issue of possible changes to staff assessment rates to address imbalances in the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the United Nations Secretariat, which had indicated that no changes were needed immediately.
On 20 September, he was reportedly arrested arbitrarily by members of a humanitarian commission composed of non-governmental organizations, women's plants and the Office of the Ombudsman of the Valle del Cauca, who went to Cali to support the land of the Cauca farmers.
Reference is made to the adoption of Act No. 747 of 2002, which, inter alia, makes trafficking in persons a criminal offence.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda* Coordination, programme and other questions: United Nations ICT Task Force
This support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute to poverty reduction in the long term.
The experience of the United Nations itself shows that in most cases the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is shaped and structured by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of the conflict resolution.
In addition, programmes for the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration of ex-combatants, the fight against trafficking in arms, particularly small arms, the return of refugees and internally displaced persons and the promotion of human rights must be implemented.
At this stage of our debate, however, I would like to make a few points, first of which is a remark on developments in the time of our Council's work.
It is sufficient to examine some of these conflicts in order to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from post-conflict to another.
Before addressing the role of the United Nations in post-conflict situations, I would like to make a remark on these conflicts themselves.
We firmly believe that, in order to be credible and effective, the Council must enjoy the full confidence and support of the international community.
He also stressed that the Charter should be the foundation for ensuring the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network has shown how various partners in the international community can work together to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for lead countries of the Youth Employment Network*
Opening of the session
The travaux préparatoires will indicate, with respect to paragraph 2 (a) of this article, that a State Party may choose to establish procedures for either recognizing and enforcing a foreign order for freezing or seizure, or to use such a decision as to seek to obtain a freezing or seizure decision from its own authorities.
Governments have used security legislation to justify censorship of certain human rights information and to retaliate against defenders.
Impact estimation: Several Parties provided an estimate of the effects of various transport policies (Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, European Community, Estonia, France, Germany, Italy, Norway, the Netherlands, the Czech Republic, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom).
Policies and measures with broader objectives than combating climate change: The most commonly reported policies in agriculture fall within this category.
Policies and measures to combat the emissions of CH4 from the penetrating fermentation of animal origin are focused on the decrease in the number of head of livestock through the reduction of the number of national livestock and the intensification of cultural practices combined with an increase in the yield per head, the reduction of inland animal husbandry (Belgium), the decrease in livestock production (Slovakia) and research programmes specifically designed to reduce France's livestock production and livestock production (N2).
The 2003 special session on the budget of the UNICEF Executive Board will take place on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth renewable energy network is expected to be established by the end of 2003.
Such networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and transboundary levels.
Today's vocabulary offers terms such as “real time” or “the Internet”, as if any delay in transmitting and processing information removed from it, or in any case it was seriously devalued.
All countries that measure certain economic functions have a common focus on the fact that the study function is within the enterprise or takes place between several firms.
Many of the steps that have been taken over the past few years would have been impossible without progress in terms of concepts and definitions through the OECD Working Group on Indicators for the Information Society.
Finally, the Secretariat will need to indicate the share of extrabudgetary resources allocated to each of the chapters considered during the previous four bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi) with the following paragraph:
In Ghana, the prevalence of HIV/AIDS of 3.4 per cent has not declined over the last two years, although it is lower than that of other countries in the West African region, where the rates range from 5 per cent to 11 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific in terms of commitments and expenditures.
In that context, it is gratifying to recall the directions we have committed ourselves to establishing in Tunisia since the change of 7 November 1987, which have identified, among the priorities, the recognition of human rights, in their various dimensions and in their holistic approach, including the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
hegemonic ambitions impose an unviable obligation on the smaller countries of the region to make high military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, Iraqis are beginning to stand on foot with the help of their allies and friends, and they look forward to the assistance of the international community, under the aegis of the United Nations.
If the table does not indicate a prudent factor for a particular source category, a factor should be used for a category with similar characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 to read:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect the human rights of all persons in any situation;
Decides to continue its consideration of the question at its sixtieth session under the agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms in any part of the world”.
We also welcome the appointment of Mr. Jacques Klein as Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
From that point of view, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the level of economic and social development, but also as a political one, which would enable it to consider the problem of final status in an immediate horizon.
In particular, the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Kosovo Assembly is a good sign.
Such a transfer is of paramount importance.
In Kosovo, therefore, much work remains to be done.
The continuation of the Kosovo Protection Corps in this form is likely to destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the post structure in the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the scenario proposed by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by the United Nations under a hire-purchase contract upon the expiration of which it would become the owner of the building and the area on which it would be built;
Decides to consider further conference and support services to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003, in the light of the Security Council's review of the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
Businesses are increasingly becoming involved in reporting on the effects they can have on society and how they manage.
The text of its statement on the remaining five reports, which covers the entire system, will be communicated to delegations on time.
One of the areas of activity that have evolved considerably over recent years is the preparation of documents for ship crews.
Section III of the Criminal Code, entitled “Criminal offences against individual liberty”, provides in article 151, that anyone who deprives others of his liberty through unlawful means shall be punished by imprisonment for a term of six months to three years; if the act includes the use of threat, abuse or fraud, or if committed in a spirit of vengeance or fine, or if he or she causes a serious harm to health, or if he or she causes a serious injury to health or property, in the offence, in the offence, is punishable under the circumstances.
Different regulations and laws apply to each of the components of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, to the extent possible, the names of individuals or entities associated with Usama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida who are not listed, unless the disclosure of such information would compromise investigations or enforcement measures.
The main strategic commitment of South Africa to the Middle East conflict, as clearly demonstrated by the Presidential Peace Seminar of Spier, is the strengthening of peace camps in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of South Africa's experience with a wide range of civil society and the Governments of Israel and Palestine; the contribution to the Palestinian reform process and support for international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the military component of MINURCA was completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative staff also had to leave the Mission area on that date, in accordance with the wishes of the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources contacted, approximately 60 per cent of Liberian territory was under rebel control;
(Thousands of United States dollars)
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community committed itself to sharing the responsibility for reducing the social and ecological vulnerability of the region (prior to the region); to rebuild and transform Central America in accordance with the integrated principles of transparency and good governance; to consolidate democracy and good governance; to strengthen the process of decentralization, with the active participation of civil society; to promote respect for human rights (continental objective) with special attention to ethnic and gender equality.
During the reporting period, the Council discussed many issues of major concern for the maintenance of international peace and security in Europe, Asia, particularly in the Middle East, Oceania and in Africa.
In the area of security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that sporadic fighting in the north, south-east and to a lesser extent in the western part of the country constituted threats.
They called for the expansion of the membership of the Security Council so that it can regain its legitimacy, be more representative of the state of world geopolitics and better reflect it.
I have the honour to refer to your letter to President Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 concerning the request made by Judge Navanethem Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, for an extension of his mandate to the Tribunal until the completion of the so-called Media case, which should not go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention given to the situation of women and girls and the integration of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of the major conferences, special sessions and summits, as well as in the follow-up thereto, and reaffirming its commitment to building on the progress achieved,
In accordance with the rotation of the Commission, the Chairman of the Commission at its twelfth session will have to come from the Group of Eastern European States and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee shall decide against the post for the reasons set out in the general report.
Ms. Acar said that the Committee's concern about raising the age of marriage for family reunification was a necessary consequence of its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether special measures had been taken, such as childcare and separate classes, to encourage immigrant women to attend Danish courses.
Over the last two decades, governance has become a concern for both the developed and the developing countries, especially as they all face the same types of problems, although at different levels of concern: corruption, constitutional crisis, economic stagnation, ethnic conflicts and growing crime.
Organization of the work of the session
Requests the administering Power to cooperate in the development of programmes specifically aimed at promoting the development of viable economic activities and enterprises, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
THE SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE REPRESENTAT OF CUBA OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE PARTIES TO THE CONFERENCE, TRANSMITTED INFORMATION FOR THE SIGNATURTY FOR THE SYSTEMBER 2003
Stresses the importance of streamlining and harmonizing requests for reports of the United Nations system to Member States and urges relevant United Nations agencies and bodies, in consultation with Member States, to adopt simplified and harmonized methodologies and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and upon request, in the preparation of national data and statistics reports;
“The Government of India had previously instructed the State of Karnataka to leave the order pending with respect to Father François Marie Godest.
Technology had a role to play in expanding access to information, particularly that of geographic information systems, which, in the form of databases and software tools, could improve access to information for planning, logistics (for example, evacuation routes) and other purposes, enable understanding and prediction of phenomena and address problems in geographical space, and facilitate public participation.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now have the pleasure of delivering the words that I am sure we all want to hear: we have now completed our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
Since December, I have conducted a number of bilateral, group or open-ended consultations in Geneva and New York.
The view was expressed that liberal policies to address the abuse of cannabis were not only a threat to public health but also contrary to the efforts of developing countries, which were making considerable efforts and resources to reduce cannabis cultivation in their territories.
- In collaboration with the National Women's Commission, the Office has undertaken several public discussions and consultations on legislative reforms on the status of women in Guyana.
Since the inception of the system in 1993, 47 girls have benefited from this fund.
The first promotion of 116 teachers is expected to graduate in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector are to increase the life expectancy of all Guiana, to reduce disparities between social groups, to improve access to care and to the quality of care provided, and to ensure that health services are provided at affordable cost.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations on judicial remedies, including a draft law that provides for lawyers to report to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary steps to promote and broaden cooperation and coordination between the secretariats of the two organizations in order to enhance their capacity to achieve their common goals;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, participants emphasized in particular the importance of coordination to avoid duplication of effort.
The distance learning programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations are working with staff of various ministries and administrations involved in the fight against AIDS and lessons learned are subsequently disseminated at the country level.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that the Group associated itself with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department suggests that the problem could be solved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 to 57/128 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) Information-sharing between law enforcement bodies in sensitive areas or disputed border areas; joint border control and customs control activities;
This form of integration was highlighted in the commitments made by the Copenhagen Summit and the special session in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme State Monitoring Body oversees the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of State funds by the organs of the central and local government and the economic activities of legal persons whose State possesses more than half of the shares or actions (articles 162 to 165 of the Constitution).
Having also considered the letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council dated 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia addressed to the President of the Security Council, annexed thereto,
If necessary, it would also monitor operational, financial and personnel matters relating to MINUGUA.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Missiles”.
Those who ordered and perpetrated such crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nicanor Duarte Frutos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan reported that it had concluded bilateral extradition treaties with 27 States, including those relating to terrorist acts defined as extraditable offences, and reported that more than 450 suspected terrorists had been extradited under those treaties.
These activities are currently being carried out with the Commonwealth Secretariat on the drafting of legislative guides with the Organization of American States to support the work of the Office in Haiti and with OSCE.
Thematic communications campaigns
A senior official of the Department visited Brussels in June to review the preliminary provisions with relevant officials of the Belgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed site for the Pole.
The meeting provided a useful opportunity to exchange views between staff of the Department of Public Information working at Headquarters and their colleagues in the field offices, as well as a number of external guests, on how to manage the transition from the concept of regionalization to its implementation.
The official position of the United Nations on issues that make the major titles is communicated by the Office of the Spokesperson through press briefings, official statements, interviews and briefings.
Anyone who flames a pasture or other prescripts for livestock without the permission of its owners, or of grasslands adjacent to the forests that supply water villages, even private ones, is liable to imprisonment for 6 to 18 months.
The average vacancy rates for the Professional and higher categories in several budget sections (56, 19 and 22) were higher than budgeted vacancy rates, including delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, separations and temporary assignments at higher posts (A/58/558, para.
Under the Penal Code, “recruitment” means requesting a third party to perform an act, which is not in itself punishable by law.
In Swiss law, there are many criminal norms applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (annex 1 to the first report of Switzerland of 19 December 2001 contains a list of these offences).
On 1 January 2002, the Act to improve the protection of civil courts in cases of violence and unwanted sexual advances, as well as to facilitate the allocation of marital housing in the event of separation (Gesetz Verbesserung des zivilgerichtlichen Schutzalesbei Gewaltttaten und Nachstellungen zurichi Erleichterung.
This applies only if the person was insured to the Federal Employment Service before receiving maternity benefits or before starting to raise children, or in cases where unemployment or unemployment assistance has ceased to be paid.
A balanced participation of women and men in the political system has not yet been achieved.
In addition, in the face of the increasing number of divorces, women can no longer rely on the survivor's pension.
Part II contains a description of the measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this area, also the Federal Government's plan of action provides for a series of measures to improve the situation of data by reorganizing police criminal statistics and conducting a representative investigation into violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children, held in Yokohama in December 2001, it became clear that there was greater awareness of the problems of sexual exploitation of children and that many measures had been taken.
This decision seeks to prevent and combat the production, treatment, distribution and possession of child pornography on the Internet.
- Offenders - differentiate rather than generalize;
6.4 Judicial proceedings initiated against Germans who have committed sexual violence abroad
The previous regulations on custody and the right to visit did not provide for the right of custody of unmarried parents.
- Manual for Municipal Equality Activities in Saax, drafted by the Ministry of State for Equality of Women and Men (Saxis);
- Duty for all land and local authorities, as well as for all other legal persons subject to the supervision of the State free of Saxis under the law, to work for the equal participation of women and men (section 15 of the Law of the Saxe on the Advancement of Women (SächsFFG) of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of the Saaxe (SächsGVBI), p. 14).
Social assistance, civil engagement
Gleichberechtigungskonzet “ Konzept für die Förderung der gleichberechtigen Betiligung von Frauen und Männern am Entwicklungsprozess”
The only solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which has become increasingly serious, is the implementation of the road map developed by the Quartet, as has been said, of the rest, in the statement made by the Quartet at its last meeting in New York.
The question we are discussing highlights the fragility of the situation and the importance of developing a more comprehensive peace agreement for the entire region of the Middle East.
Article 8 Exchange of information and documents
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as in the last two years, the debate, instead of focusing on the annual theme, would focus on the High Commissioner's opening statement.
Programme, administrative and financial matters
1997-present Member of the International Association of Prosecutors.
Such measures should enable the tracing and control of firearms owners.
Women and girls who are victims of trafficking are subjected to violence and to serious human rights violations.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibn Chambas Executive Secretary
In addition, as the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular staff from the scope of the study, the rationale was to exclude staff members of international organizations.
Administrative and financial questions 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not weaken and that we will have the political will to move forward, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/227 entitled “Further measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic, social and related fields”.
We also join previous speakers in thanking the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields” (A/58/359).
The National Malaria Policy and Strategy was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to involve local governments, civil society and the private sector in the development and implementation of road safety policies.
It could also consider the possibility of implementing the Secretary-General's proposals, contained in his report on the Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and establishing an ad hoc informal working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss measures for the peaceful settlement of disputes that might be implemented in the event of conflicts already brought to the attention of the Council or which would be brought to the Council in short notice.
When the Security Council is able to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, in order to put an end to wars and promote peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of regional peace and security, the international community will undoubtedly be able to invest greater hopes in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
That balance, it must be said, places the main responsibility on the parties themselves, even if they can resort to external intervention to help them resolve their disputes.
We must strongly reaffirm our commitment to the rule of law in relations between States and thus to the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of jurisdictional channels.
(a) To take measures to protect students from violence, injury or abuse, including sexual abuse and intimidation in schools, to establish complaint mechanisms that are accessible to children, and to conduct thorough investigations into all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit a report to the General Assembly by 31 October 2003 on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), including:
In addition, the Council is reviewing the system of accountability, which has served as an inter-agency coordination mechanism following the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-Chairman, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem closely linked to other global problems that are at the heart of the Organization's mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party shall, as well as each party to an armed conflict, sign and clear, withdraw or destroy explosive remnants of war in the affected territories under its control.
Welcoming the continuing cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and other organizations active in the field of competition law and policy, and in particular the commitment made at the Fourth WTO Ministerial Conference in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Awais
The deployment of MINURCA is proceeding well, with a first group of 26 liaison officers arriving in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new communications strategy is being prepared in preparation for the World Summit on the Information Society, to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The involvement of the United Nations system in East Timor has been a particularly interesting and rich experience to be drawn in order to confirm its positive results and to avoid repetition of shortcomings in the future.
Work began in May 2000 and the document was circulated in the following month; the general framework had been established and approved by UNTAET.
Albania*, Algeria, Andorra*, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh*, Belarus*, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina*, Brazil, Bulgaria*, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Czech Republic*, Denmark*, Ecuador*, Finland*, France, Georgia*, Greece*, Guatemala, Hungary*, Iceland*, Italy*, Japan, Liechtenstein*, Luxembourg*, Malta*, Mexico, Morocco*, Nicaragua*, New Zealand*, Norway*,
In the preamble to this instrument, States parties affirm that they “determinate the suffering and loss of life caused by anti-personnel mines that kill or maim hundreds of people every week, most innocent and defenceless civilians, particularly children, hamper economic development and reconstruction, prevent the repatriation of refugees and internally displaced persons and have other serious consequences for years after their establishment”.
Allow me to thank all delegations for their encouragement in my efforts and consultations, and I would also like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and all members of the secretariat for their effective contribution.
It was in that context that the close links between man-portable air defence systems and small arms and light weapons were discussed.
We call on coalition forces to achieve this essential objective and to intensify coordination with relevant international bodies and institutions in order to enable the country to return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of an international fund for Iraqi higher education in order to provide immediate and long-term assistance for the rehabilitation of higher education in Iraq.
We have taken note of the Secretary-General's call for a revamping of our institutions by 2005.
The completion of our work on this theme will depend, in fact, on the degree of objectivity of our approach and the realism of the measures proposed.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has declined, their role in the national strategies of some countries has not been drastically reduced.
I firmly believe that for all the countries of East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and we are all of the view that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interests of none of the countries in East Asia.
Mr. PETÖCZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that that group supported that idea.
First, the analysis of Security Council resolutions, unilateral statements by nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones indicates that security assurances are generally with reservations by nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDERS (Netherlands): Mr. President, although this meeting is already the last chair, I believe that this is the first time that I have taken the floor since your assumption of this office.
Stresses the importance of developing the human resources and institutional capacity of indigenous peoples to find solutions to their problems;
It reviews and approves the financial statements and reports on the audit of the financial statements submitted to it by the Committee on Budget and Finance, together with such observations as it deems appropriate.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial provisions.
It is also important to emphasize that the current level of aid is insufficient.
From our perspective, it is important at this stage that national demining strategies be put in place to ensure an effective decision-making process on short-, medium- and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has established the Lebanese National Demining Office and, with the assistance of the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, has established the South Lebanon Mine Action Coordination Centre.
We can achieve this through a protocol that would be annexed to the Convention and would take into account the security interests of countries while helping us to eliminate old mines, which, like new ones, destroy lives and property and hamper efforts to end desertification, achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In June 2003, pledges to the Fund amounted to only $4.7 billion, while the estimated overall expenditures reached approximately $10.5 billion a year to effectively implement prevention, treatment, care and support programmes.
Country offices
Credit line - Definition similar to those contained in the UNDP, UNFPA and UNICEF Financial Regulations
In addressing agenda items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of children), 115 (Elimination of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will provide for a dialogue between its members and special rapporteurs and representatives who report on their activities.
Today there are about 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
While human rights conventions were essential instruments, it was also necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Panel concurs with this decision and sets the date of loss for Palestinian category “C” late claims as at 2 August 1990.
Recognizing that domestic violence against women involves human rights,
Due to their distinct legal structures, the role of specialized agencies in technical cooperation has not been addressed.
This simplicity has a price of some arbitrariness and damage to details.
Why are so many agencies involved in technical cooperation?
It has taken the initiative to support coordination of gender issues.
(b) Its resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “An Agenda for Peace: Preventive Diplomacy and Related Matters”, its resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1993, entitled “An Agenda for Peace”, in particular section IV, entitled “Special economic problems arising from the implementation of preventive or enforcement measures”, and its resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997, entitled “Supplement to an Agenda for Peace”, in particular annex II entitled “Question of United Nations sanctions”,
The building and development of democracy, as well as the approach taken by the United Nations system on this issue, must take into account the fact that there is no single recipe for achieving democracy.
In that statement, the Secretary-General affirmed the considerable importance of the culture of peace, and the attention that this Organization as a whole and not just one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the observance of the International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World, 2001-2010, is more than an altruistic aspiration of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the objectives set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, as well as in the outcome document of the World Food Summit: five years later, in which the commitment to eradicate hunger is renewed,
Emphasizing the need to make the industrial transformation of commodity production in developing countries, in particular African countries and the least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and stabilize and increase export earnings, thereby promoting their sustainable economic growth and integration into the world economy,
Accordingly, I appointed Mr. Parker as a permanent judge to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia from 4 December 2003 for the remainder of Mr. David Hunt's term of office, until 16 November 2005.
This programme of action remains a milestone in the evolution of the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations wishes to point out that, in the view of the Government of Colombia, operative paragraph 2 of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider identifying principles that could serve as a framework for regional agreements on conventional arms control, could enable the Conference to resume part of its activities and to break the deadlock in its three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on Territorial Asylum of the Organization of American States, OAS Convention on Diplomatic Asylum, United Nations Declaration on Territorial Asylum.
Its effects go far beyond borders, and international cooperation is absolutely essential.
It is up to the Third Committee, which is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that the programme is well understood and translated into reality.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to enter into commitments in the amount not exceeding $12 million for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003, to be financed from the cumulative balance of the Special Committee for the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission;
The Special Rapporteur intends to submit a final report in 2004 to consider these two issues so that the first reading can be completed during the same session.
The Equal Opportunity Commission and the Equal Opportunity Fund were established with the aim of establishing cooperation with the private sector on all issues relating to women's employment.
The use of these targeted summaries would be flexible, voluntary and based on available data.
For its consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note by the Secretariat on information exchange: establishment of an electronic clearing house (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In this context, future workshops could also consider an exchange between restricted groups of participants from industrialized countries, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
He also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission supported, including the INFOCAP network, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on national profiles.
Items on the provisional agenda of regular meetings
Quorum in open-ended subsidiary bodies
The submission may include suggestions on solutions that the Party considers most appropriate in this case;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims corrections
Norway urges all countries to agree on a modus operandi to alleviate and protect victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and to strengthen national efforts in parallel with international efforts.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that while, in principle, her country believed, as the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression (A/CONF.189/PC.2/24), that the Internet was a unique tool for promoting human rights, it was important to recognize that, in practice, the Internet had no positive impact on the Internet.
The best way to reach consensus on guiding principles is to consult with Governments.
Mr. Paul Krugman, School of Public and International Affairs (University of Princeton); Mr. Jagdish Bhagwati, Professor of Economics and Head of the Chaire Arthur Lehman (University Columbia); Mr. Manuel Orozco, Director of Central American Affairs for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Ouedraogo, League of Consumer Affairs of Burkina Faso, will make presentations.
Information on workshops and training courses on combating international terrorism-related crime
Moreover, it is not clear how macroeconomic and structural reforms required in the process of poverty reduction strategies affect poverty and social conditions.
For this reason, new solutions continue to be considered to rapidly increase international liquidity when necessary, through various means, including the temporary special drawing rights allowance (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, Her Majesty no longer presided over the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, who has met every year on a rotating basis, is now the head of the Government and, in fact, the Prime Minister.
The Government agencies of Bhutan have an obligation to recognize that women constitute a significant part of the population to which they are directed and must therefore design, implement and continue to administer services that are responsive to the specific needs of women and men.
This is mainly due to the development of primary education and the improvement in the retention of pupils in schools.
Multisectoral task forces have been mandated to address the growing threat of HIV/AIDS at the national level.
Many men welcome the larger number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another limited study on women's participation in financial decision-making, 27 per cent of the women interviewed stated that they were only involved in decisions on financial loans, while 14 per cent took joint decisions with their husbands.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has undertaken initiatives aimed at improving the capacity of public sector staff in many countries, providing advice, upon request, on public sector reform.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established Iraq's liability for losses relating to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
The Panel finds this rate also applicable to claims for loss of profits, which have similar aspects.
See also the decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph 79 of E2(7) report, paragraph 71 of E2(11 report), and paragraph 89 of E2(13).
E2(3) report, paragraphs 97 to 99.
Report of the United Kingdom on the achievement of the goals and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East
Pursuant to article 8, paragraph 1, of the Extradition Act, persons who have committed terrorist acts, even if such acts are considered political crimes, may be extradited.
What are our goals?
The Secretary-General's report has reminded us that the situation in Iraq is fraught with challenges that are real challenges and challenges to us all, and that it is a challenge for the international community to confront the coalition.
The establishment of a robust civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like, on behalf of my Government, to renew its deep appreciation to the Council mission and to the Council for its willingness to find answers to the complex issues facing our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other United Nations system coordination mechanisms.
- Support to associations and organizations working to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The 10-month programme, including five months of theoretical education in Madrid and four and a half months of practical education in organizations in developing countries, is also scheduled for an evaluation phase in Madrid.
These groups are young people aged 16 to 30 years, women employed in occupations deemed to be male, over 45 years, persons registered in unemployment for 6 months or more and workers who, at the time of the conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same enterprise under an indefinite or fixed-term contract prior to 31 December 2003, including for training contracts.
It is in the 25-29 age group that daily tobacco consumption among women is most important.
This improvement, however, is less marked among women (37, 5% of long-term unemployed women) than among men (55.36%).
Members of Permanent Missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress achieved through the establishment and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic fact remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, in the most cynical and cruel manner throughout the world.
This meeting is the first open meeting of the Security Council in 2003, a year of challenges that I am confident that the Council will be ready to meet.
We will resolutely engage in all efforts to ensure compliance with international agreements in this area.
These areas are often areas of lawlessness.
Activities pursuant to the request
- Over 150,000 houses or apartments (total, 23,570,000 square kilometres) were looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the accounts of the United Nations were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The Computer Model for Feasibility Analysis and Assessment (COMFAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programme framework and the strategic directions of the Organization for South-South cooperation, as well as the thematic initiatives of the Organization on, inter alia, trade facilitation, rural energy for productive purposes and the recovery and reconstruction of the industry emerging from crisis,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that rapid developments in the socio-economic situation, cultural, individual and social factors, as well as the availability of illicit drugs, have exacerbated the problem of the worldwide use of psychoactive substances,
In view of the ambiguity in the English title of the topic, the Commission decided to continue to take as a working assumption that the topic concerned “activity” and to postpone formal changes to the title.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the heading “United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace Resource requirements (before recosting): $300.5 per Resource requirements (before recosting): $364,200
The Commission asked the Government to indicate whether it intends to amend the relevant provisions of the above-mentioned laws in order to include the principle referred to in the Convention.
These decisions were taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, including the weekly meetings on economic issues and senior officials of Iraqi public institutions, and the initial budget proposals were prepared by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are, indeed, considerable benefits for the Iraqi people.
The percentage of Afghan women employed by UNHCR increased from almost zero in early 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme, and 36 per cent of all national staff working for protection.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers of Defence and Security in September should complete the formation of the Government of National Reconciliation and thus eliminate an important obstacle in the peace process.
Nevertheless, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution stipulates that the President of the Republic may delegate some of his powers to the members of the Government.
Beyond what divides us, we have collective responsibility to regain the unity of the international community.
We have begun consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the current oil-for-food programme that would ensure the continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicines in Iraq.
The programme of work continues to be studied by my authorities, and we reserve the right to give our views on the programme as soon as it is complete.
If a Party considered that it needed assistance to stop the consumption of methyl bromide to stabilize the dates, it could remind the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming its functioning by consensus,
(i) 680 ODP tonnes in 2004;
All unloading operations should take place at planned locations, exclusively for authorized staff.
The financial mechanism was established in accordance with Article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to ensure financial and technical cooperation for Parties operating under paragraph 1 of Article 5 of the Montreal Protocol in order to enable them to comply with the regulatory measures provided for in Articles 2A to 2E and 2I or any other regulatory measures contained in Articles 2F to 2H pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 1 bis of the Protocol.
Law enforcement officers also participated in training programmes abroad.
Some States also reported using telephone, telex and postal services.
(3) The party seeking to enforce an interim measure of protection shall promptly inform the court of any annulment, suspension or modification of that measure.
Suggestions to improve the text in square brackets were made, including that the court could suspend the enforcement proceedings until the parties had the opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties had been duly notified.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be accorded a more visible and important role in support of international affairs management and in the implementation of the economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of information, communication and transport-friendly technologies should also be supported by technical cooperation and investment required to strengthen the capacity of local service providers, or to build such capacity, might require donor support or funding by international financial institutions.
A similar consequence is provided in the United Kingdom, where the consumer is entitled to cancel the contract, unless a court competent to hear disputes relating to the contract in question decides otherwise at the request of the service provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme reached its peak by the end of 2002.
Procedure
The estimates are based on a exchange rate of 0.89 euros per United States dollar.
(h) The SBSTA agreed to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, where necessary, at subsequent sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward reported on the results of those consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Harvard Law School (Winter 2003): Visiting Professor Robert F. Kennedy in association with Professor Philip Heyman, “Bining power to justice” analysing the different functions of prosecutors in common law and civil law countries and reviewing the various national and international approaches used to prosecute State actors who have been guilty of violations of the law; also organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption: establishing the rule of law”.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as the entity responsible for the operation of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its Climate Change Centre and the Special Climate Change Fund for the implementation of the activities mentioned in the framework of the implementation of meaningful and effective actions to strengthen the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention,
Welcoming the initial progress made in the implementation of the framework for meaningful and effective actions to strengthen the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, annexed to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial results, 2002-2003
It also noted with appreciation the financial and other assistance provided to the Programme by the Government of Austria, the authorities of Styria and the City of Graz, Austria, the Department of Physical Geography of the University of Stockholm, Metria, the National Topography Office and the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, it is considered that many of the people infected with this virus are unaware of it.
The project targeted the NK Steering Committee as well as high-school and high-school students.
Recommends that consideration be given to holding a joint informal debate that could enrich the work of each Commission; better use could be made of the debate of the General Assembly in plenary on the issues considered by the two Committees;
This important work has been possible through, inter alia, the skill and perseverance of the Committee through its subcommittees and experts.
In the event of the dissolution of marriage after the consumption of the marriage, the wife shall be entitled, in addition to the maintenance period, to an allowance which shall not exceed one year of maintenance, in accordance with the means of the ex-husband, and which shall be paid to her in monthly instalments after the end of the period of return, except as otherwise agreed between the two parties with respect to the amount and modalities of payment.
The following table shows the trends in the education budget during the 1993/94 to 1997/98 academic years:
Childcare centres are overseen by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which regularly conducts inspections to ensure compliance with the relevant regulations.
The State of Kuwait wishes to recall in this regard that its Constitution, in many of its provisions, establishes equality as one of the pillars of Kuwaiti society, first in the preamble, then in article 7, and then in article 29, which covers various aspects of this principle by linking it to human dignity, rights and duties.
Effective management will also improve recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
National Coordinator of the World March against Child Labour, 1998
Counsellor for the development of a course programme on social justice, Department of Population Studies, Tribhuvan University, 1999
Each State Party shall transmit to the Conference of the States Parties, as required, information on its programmes, plans and practices and on its legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
If the status quo refuses any prospect, freedom and the development of people who are hungry and live in despair, the temptation of lawlessness and extremism, as a means of making change, is becoming much more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to appoint Ambassador Tzchev of Bulgaria as President of the Annual Conference of the States Parties to be held in 2003 and the representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland as Vice-Presidents.
Declarations and reservations
Rapporteur: Ishaq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and should strengthen and contribute to the protection of universal human rights norms, as set out in international human rights instruments,
(c) Should a special debate be decided, its theme should be relevant to human rights and should take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This should not happen again.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and regularly updated compilation of recommendations made over the years by the various thematic mechanisms.
Contribution submitted under both resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They address the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (d) (i), (ii) and (iii), on the development of short-, medium- and long-term proposals for the elimination of racial discrimination against people of African descent, including proposals for a mechanism to monitor and promote all human rights, taking into account the need for close collaboration with the United Nations system and with the specialized agencies in promoting human rights.
As for the Haraz centre in Iran, it was a technology centre for human resources development for land and development in the areas of rice cultivation.
Lastly, she asked the State party to conduct a national health survey and to review its findings in the next periodic report.
Therefore, the duty to protect it was also incumbent upon the world.
- Placement of the two sites by appropriate means (gillage or mass graves);
Some observers predicted a possible increase in the demand for dollar as the United States now controls the Iraqi oil well.
It is essential to give new directions to Arab economic cooperation by giving the private sector a growing role in development and economic choices.
The Foundation was able to gather about €3.5 million that made it possible to start work on the site.
Currently, four resident coordinators are UNICEF staff (half are women), including one woman on duty.
If these conditions are met, the goals and objectives approved at the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
In addition, the financial implications of the establishment of an additional office in Brussels have not been taken into account by ITC.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has aligned itself with the Organization's gender targets in 1990.
(a) The nine regional offices should be progressively strengthened through the redeployment of technical posts from Headquarters.
At the same time, the SCO member States consistently and invariably assume the principle that the fight against terrorism must be based on the norms and principles of international law and cannot be equated with any religion, some countries or certain nationalities.
ACTIVITIES OF THE OFFICE OF INSPECTION (continued) (IDB.27/19 and Add.1 and 2; IDB.27/CRP.3)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Request for consultative status by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with annex I to General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the themes proposed for the high-level and coordination segments of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit to you the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The Afghan people have lured the decision to extend its mandate.
The draft resolutions under these agenda items reflect that commitment and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) Utilize, in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee established pursuant to resolution 661 (1990), prior to the expiration of the period set out in paragraph 10 below, and taking into account the recommendations made by the Office of the Iraq Programme, the funds deposited in the accounts established pursuant to paragraphs 8 (a) and 8 (b) of resolution 986 (1995) to the extent necessary and as appropriate, to pay the amounts agreed upon to cover the additional costs of shipping and storage,
10-11 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
As the costs of the work of the Working Group were included in the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would not affect the Working Group.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate substantive discussions at the Commission's session, the secretariat prepared a thematic note entitled “Action skills for enhancing SME competitiveness” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Chairmen of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and the Chairpersons of the Commissions, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right to vote provided that they are representatives of participating States;
As a general rule, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees or working groups are closed.
The Council expressed its concern at the continued existence of regional instability and requested the Secretary-General to make recommendations to the Council as soon as possible on ways to combat these subregional and cross-border problems, with a particular focus on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also deplored the lack of political contacts between the parties and called on them to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government submits to it all bills.
It was to be hoped that a report could be submitted to the Commission at a future session, particularly since the document issued in 1991 following the World Summit for Children and the outcome of the United Nations General Assembly special session on children, held in 2002, specifically referred to the situation of children living under foreign occupation.
In line with the second Millennium Development Goal, in 1996 the Government introduced free and compulsory basic education for all, which significantly improved school attendance.
In order to avoid such incidents, it is imperative for States parties to be present at the time of the meeting.
“The Security Council underlines the readiness of the United Nations to promote political dialogue upon request and to provide resolute support to meet the humanitarian and development challenges of border demarcation.
It may acquire or otherwise dispose of real or movable property in accordance with these Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting has three days from 16 to 18 July 2003 to complete its work.
According to these corroborated reports, the situation in the Valley remained calm, without serious incident, throughout the reporting period.
Observations
Quadrennial reports 1997-2000 submitted through the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report submitted pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know what indicators are most appropriate, which will necessarily involve different aspects of the right to health, and then in the ongoing work of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that prolonged solitary confinement of a detained or imprisoned person may be tantamount to acts prohibited by article 7.
Article 10, paragraph 1, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any person deprived of his or her liberty under the laws and authority of the State and who is detained in a prison, a hospital - a psychiatric hospital in particular - a detention camp, a rehabilitation centre or another place.
It was necessary to determine whether a unilateral statement was a reservation or an interpretative declaration and to determine its admissibility and effects.
Thirty-eighth session (1990)*
(l) To continue their cooperation with the Committee in promoting the effective implementation of the Convention;
(h) Raising awareness of the importance of action programmes focusing on the situation of victims of descent-based discrimination;
Traditional and cultural practices exist in some States that affect the health of women and children.
States parties should also report on measures adopted to ensure prompt access to family planning services in particular and to sexual and reproductive health in general.
For example, article emphasizes the importance of respect for parents, the need to treat rights in their general ethical, moral, spiritual, cultural or social framework and the fact that most children's rights, far from being taxed outside, are rooted in the values of local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, which updates recent meetings, activities and products.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, adopted by the heads of State and Government at the Millennium Summit, in which they committed themselves to eradicating extreme poverty and, in particular, to halve, by 2015, the proportion of the world's people whose income is less than one dollar a day and the proportion of people who suffer from hunger,
In 2001, the Government limited the length of work permits granted to foreign workers to six years to ensure that more Bermudians are recruited and trained for better jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom has continued to advocate that legislators adopt European human rights standards, particularly with regard to sexual discrimination.
Pursuant to paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations to consider all organizational matters prior to the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without vote, in the deliberations of those bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “Synergies and responses: strategic alliances for crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat computer-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, it invited the Governments of Latin American and Caribbean countries and other interested Governments to participate in the regional meeting of heads of national drug law enforcement agencies, with a view to establishing the meeting of heads of national drug law enforcement agencies, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and to provide the regional financial resources,
(a) Partnerships are voluntary initiatives by Governments and various stakeholders, including major groups and institutions;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other business.
In introducing the item, the representative of the Secretariat drew attention to the documentation prepared in that regard (see annex VII) and indicated possible action by the Committee.
Decides to submit the following to the Conference of the Parties for consideration and possible action at its first meeting:
An alternate representative or an adviser may act as a representative on the appointment of the head of the delegation.
Subject to the provisions of rules 28 to 32 and amendments decided by the Conference of the Parties, these rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The Chairperson or Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may be given priority in explaining the conclusions of that subsidiary body.
He stated that his organization had supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities related to POPs derivatives, including the identification and quantification of dioxin and furan releases undertaken in Thailand, the convening of the Expert Group Meeting on Best Available Technology and Environmental Best Practices and the workshops on good industrial management, 2003-2004, which had resulted in an exchange of best practices on the management of organic pollutants in Brazil and China.4
To that end, the Monterrey document reiterates the importance of the principle of cooperation.
Only a few countries monitored the characteristics of trafficking through effective border controls, using reliable estimation methods.
The report noted that comparative studies made the problem more complex.
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org).
A preparatory mission composed of IAEA and Commission staff, including the Director-General of IAEA and the Executive Chairman of the Commission, visited Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet with their Iraqi counterparts led by Mr. Amer H. Al-Saadi, Counsellor of the Chairman, to discuss further logistical arrangements and relocate the inspectors' office in Baghdad.
The Agenda 21 website for sport and the environment is www.unep/org/cpi/sport_envit (all types of sports activities).
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi show that there are opportunities to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, long-term reconstruction and development.
The Cancún result from what happened in Doha, where large countries of trade refused to grant the promised concessions on development issues.
Switzerland attaches high priority to the preservation of humanitarian space in all circumstances and without derogation.
“The strict internal and external closures, the intensification of curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have led to further deterioration of economic indicators and increased poverty and unemployment among Palestinians.
Here we must recall the individual and collective responsibility of the parties to the Convention in respect of compliance in all situations.
(d) With the prior concurrence of the Advisory Committee, such sums as may be necessary to cover the advance payment of insurance premiums if the insurance period extends beyond the biennium at which the payment is made, provided that the Secretary-General will request in the budget estimates for each biennium the funds for that purpose for the duration of the policies, in order to cover the amounts due for the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments were not enough to prevent violations, but also strict measures were needed to address the social and human problems that encouraged them, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement and social inequality between the peoples of the developing countries and those of the advanced countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, to be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Protection Force, the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo; Financing of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo; Financing of the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force in Croatia;
Obviously, it remains vital that all of us continue to participate in the years ahead.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of control is becoming increasingly important at the regional and international levels, and effective verification becomes necessary to ensure international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpiles of mines by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to ratifying the Treaty, have already expressed individually — and in addition to an opportunity — their opposition to any nuclear weapons.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guidelines and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on those principles.
Of this $270 million, $250,000 is proposed for the ICAO tender.
Contingent-owned equipment
Chief of Liaison and Protocol Officer A and Liaison Officer B
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and Council resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is important if the origin of the funds is lawful or unlawful, only the act of collection and its purpose.
The Bradley report stated that any Council order adopted to meet the needs of any of the options would take at least one year.
Original: ENGLISH
“Terrorism - to cause an explosion or to cause a fire or to commit any other act that endangers people, damage their health, causes considerable material damage or causes other dangerous consequences for society, with the aim of undermining public order, spreading panic among the population or influencing the adoption of decisions by public authorities or international organizations, or threatening to commit such acts”.
Women remain mainly in low-paid and low-level positions.
Draft decision II Suspension of consultative status
We therefore encourage those States that have not yet done so to submit their statements to the Secretary-General in order to enshrine the universality of the Court.
Their tireless participation, coupled with their firm commitment and diplomatic skills, is a major contributor to the success of the work of the Special Committee.
Now, as is the case for all treaties, the end of the negotiations marks the real start of the commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 94.
Washington, D.C., 11 April 1949
The draft resolution, entitled “The Almaty Programme of Action: partnerships designed to address the special needs of landlocked developing countries and to establish a new global framework for transit transport cooperation between landlocked and transit developing countries”, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I have the pleasure now to introduce the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
It welcomes the decision of the European Union to establish a peace support facility to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the achievement of the peace initiatives of the African Union.
The right to know the truth about past events is indispensable in order to prevent similar violations.
My Government has firmly committed itself to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be much more representative to reflect demographic and geopolitical realities and to gain credibility.
Outreach services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee on 28 April 2003
We have succeeded in understanding that success or failure in any area, if important, cannot mean the salut or loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to respond to the questions raised, such as the presentation by all United Nations information centres of an annual plan outlining its activities around a strategically selected message.
In order to plan and make further changes without budget overruns, we have had to review some of our priorities and we propose to redirect resources accordingly for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had an impact on some aspects of the negotiations and should contribute to their preparation through its analytical work, consensus building and technical cooperation.
However, these products had a low content of national value added.
Commodity-dependent LDCs were faced with a particularly difficult challenge, as commodity prices had declined considerably in real terms.
Development assistance strategies had been redefined to support poverty reduction and many donors included trade and investment-related technical assistance.
The representative of Denmark, on behalf of the European Union (EU) and the acceding countries Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia, as well as Cyprus, Malta and Turkey, said that coherence was important and that, in that regard, participation in the sessions of the Council of representatives of other institutions and agencies was positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) assisted the Task Force in building and expanding partnerships.
In order to strengthen its outreach and to facilitate contacts with national decision makers, the Special Unit has established a web-based database, which includes the coordination of policymakers and ICT leaders in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to allocate, within existing resources, the necessary financial and administrative resources for the effective functioning of the inter-agency secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate, and requests it to continue:
Documentation
Election of a representative government successor to the Afghan Transitional Authority following free and fair elections in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a Senegalese Women's Guide is published periodically, which addresses issues such as civil registration, marriage, food obligation, inheritance, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land ownership and credit, and the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo-Addo.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Considerations relating to the possibility of the United Nations serving as supervisory authority under the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the ECOWAS forces and the French forces, in carrying out their mandates in accordance with resolution 1464 (2003), to continue to work in close consultation with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to report periodically on all aspects of the implementation of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/500.
The Lusaka Council for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to help Africans build their peacekeeping capacity.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted late to conference services, without the explanatory note required by the General Assembly in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in the event of late submission of a report to conference services.
The International Business Companies Act of 2000, provides for the elimination of actions payable to the holder and, where such actions have already been issued, their reminder and their replacement of the registered actions.
These services include the direction or implementation of financial services in the Bahamas or from the Bahamas, including online financial services, the registration of directors or administrators of international business companies, the provision of services to international business companies for authorized agents and offices, the provision of managerial or executive services to international business companies, the provision of shareholder services to international commercial companies, and the provision of partner services for registered and registered companies.
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements allow for the inclusion of some persons in a national exclusion list.
Their participation in the workshop was beneficial.
For example, the Section provided guidance on the rules to be followed for projects implemented by national entities, based on UNDP experience in this area.
In 17 offices, oversight of presences and absences was not performed in the rules.
The feedback also raised awareness of the importance of planning for regular project audit.
In this regard, Governments were encouraged to request their implementing agencies to use the same reporting format to simplify and facilitate timely reporting on activities.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
This could be further reduced in the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991 from France, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America (S/23306, S/23307, S/23308, S/23309 and S/23317)
The information that organizations should obtain and endeavour to verify would include the following: audited accounting results for the previous five years; past and present judicial difficulties; and identification of other key clients.
Also affirms that the United Nations is firmly committed to treating all bidders as broadly as possible in procurement and outsourcing on as wide a geographical basis;
Mr. Negroponte (United States of America): First of all, I thank Assistant Secretary-General Türk for his timely briefing on the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Montserrat, which has been in a recovery and reconstruction phase since 1998, has been difficult to cope with an increasingly urgent situation while facilitating the development process.
These funds provided funding for environmental, training and health projects, as well as legal and legislative programmes.
With respect to the currency of payment, it was necessary to inform the consignor of the benefits of the official system vis-à-vis other channels in terms of security and speed of transfers.
• Work towards the fair and expeditious trial of political prisoners
With regard to the issue of reporting to the administration, the Federation had encountered many difficulties owing to the lack of clear human rights lines and expertise needed to approve the projects.
With regard to strengthening the resident coordinator system, increased participation by the specialized and technical agencies of the United Nations system in the functioning of the resident coordinator system is considered by Member States as a positive step.
As a result of armed conflicts and civil strife in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania has continued in recent years to be one of the African countries that hosts most refugees in its territory.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary steps to ensure the translation of the present resolution into the Somali language, including an appropriate information explanatory note, and the wide dissemination in the country, through the human rights officer for Somalia located in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for high-risk groups, particularly drug abusers, to reduce the risk of transmission of infectious diseases such as human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda for the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting is contained in annex I.
Discussion
The view was expressed that OHCHR should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States continued to receive documents in an appropriate form.
The addition of the phrase “support efforts to promote new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was challenged, since the Second Committee had not yet reached a consensus on the issue.
Some members suggested that the publication should be sold rather than distributed free of charge.
The Council's consultations with the member countries of the New Partnership and ECA had been well received.
A/58/6 (Sect.15) Human settlements
Investigations of the cause of damage can also be lengthy, particularly in countries where the authorities responsible for maritime security and/or the courts themselves are investigating the damage and take some time to publish their findings.
As part of the draft amendment to Act No. 1015 entitled “Previene y reprime los actos Ilícitos destratados a laitimación de dinero o welfarees (Act on the Prevention and Punishment of Unlawful Acts against the Legitimacy of Capital or Assets), it is envisaged to expand the scope of application of the said Act, even though article 11 (n) of the current text refers to “any other natural person or legal property”.
It is important for the Commission not to disperse its attention.
It must also reaffirm its belief in the importance of the involvement of civil society as a strategic partner in the work of United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions under which women exercise their professional and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 265 of the Labour Code, mothers raising three or more children under the age of 16, or two children, and more for women living alone, receive one additional day per week, paid in accordance with the average daily wage.
The link between reproductive rights and family law is clear: maternity and paternity are the direct result of the exercise of the reproductive rights of citizens.
The introduction of new marriage and family codes, and work was the most important development in the area of law development.
UNIDO's investment and technology promotion activities focus on promoting partnerships and organic linkages (such as technology transfer, outsourcing, common marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign firms and domestic firms.
In this regard, the clean production programme has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO's services aimed at increasing energy efficiency, with a view to the training of personnel assigned to PNPP and PNPP and the identification, development and implementation of technical cooperation projects to be submitted for financing the Kyoto Protocol and GEF.
Nevertheless, it is ready to provide the Commission with any further information it may wish.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It reviews development and organizational outcomes, focusing on the linkages between evaluation, knowledge development, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC intends to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on this issue in the near future.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,696,600
Demands that the Liberian parties cease hostilities throughout the territory of Liberia and comply with their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the ceasefire agreement, including cooperation in the formation of the Joint Monitoring Commission established by the ceasefire agreement;
Invites donor countries and recipient countries to consider including in their bilateral programmes and projects for the training of armed forces, security forces, prison staff, police and medical personnel issues related to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture, without neglecting their gender dimension;
The Study Group held an initial exchange of views based mainly on the report of the 2002 Study Group (A/57/10, paras. 489-51); and on the thematic summary prepared by the Secretariat of the debate held by the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
Principal resources of the programme
• Ensuring the overall management of the decision-making processes and activities of the Office of the Prosecutor required under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the rules of the Office of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit highly skilled personnel so as to have a broad range of staff and adjustable staff by offering career opportunities and training opportunities, ensuring effective management of their entitlements and rights and establishing a system that ensures that all staff are physically, psychologically and emotionally able to perform their tasks.
• All special equipment and items are received and inspected prior to their admission to the Court
• Development of new modules for the Intranet
Physical Organization at The Hague and in the field
Three interpreters per language for French, English, Russian and Spanish and four for Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider adopting appropriate legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of this Convention and consistent with the fundamental principles of its domestic law, in order to increase transparency in the financing of candidates for elected public office and, where appropriate, the financing of political parties.
(a) Public dissemination of procurement and procurement-related information, including information on bidding and relevant information on the award of procurement, with sufficient time available for potential bidders to prepare and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may decline to render aid pursuant to this article.
(c) Satisfaction of the special needs of Africa: consolidation of democracy, sustainable peace, eradication of poverty and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, a very poor developing country, more than others in the same category, is presented in the following box: how the country, with the assistance of the United Nations system, is working with various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “Everything but Arms”, the Group of 77 looked forward to exploring with its development partners how to encourage such policies so that they would contribute directly to the improvement of living conditions in African countries, to which the international community should provide full support if it was to achieve the goal of halving poverty in the Millennium Declaration.
Three fundamental aspects of the information and communication technology strategy:
For the time being, we must take the necessary steps to prevent the situation from deteriorating further and to ensure that our President does not suffer any harm.
(e) Maintaining and strengthening cooperation and political and operational support for the Tribunal by external partners, such as Governments and non-State entities;
In addition, the time needed for the oral arguments (for example, they usually lasted from two to five days, depending on the number of accused).
The practice of simultaneous trials consists of two cases for consecutive periods, for example, as follows: trial A five weeks, trial B five weeks, trial A five weeks, etc. Defence counsel in the A trial leave Arusha while trial B takes place.
The members of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) welcomed the study, which they believed was a well-documented and useful framework for reviewing, reviewing or adjusting existing United Nations system-wide support costs for extrabudgetary activities.
Pursuant to that resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur has submitted 10 main reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 progress reports to the General Assembly, including 18 addenda to the Commission or to the Assembly.
He would also like, while reiterating the need for freedom of the press, to draw the attention of the Egyptian authorities to the need to combat any advocacy of religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and which should therefore be prohibited by law.
In accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized an expert seminar on the interdependence between democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group B
At the same time, over the past 10 years, European institutions, initiatives and legislation have become inclusive, recognizing that the protection of minority rights is an integral part of any democratic development.
As Guyana intends to count on this collective system for its peace and security, it will ensure that the new Council resulting from the reform can reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is of the utmost importance.
We must therefore build global institutions and build effective partnerships within the framework of fair and open trade and support for the development of the least developed countries.
A regional strategy has also been developed to facilitate HIV/AIDS interventions.
Mr. Pavanjeet Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where agreed by the States concerned, the adoption of a transboundary perspective for the sustainable development of mountain ranges and the exchange of information thereon;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to redouble its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration with a view to more effective implementation of chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) Monitor closely the functioning of the global project in support of the preparation of national communications, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and continue to ensure that the implementation of the project is consistent with the guidance of the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications as part of the programme of work was reviewed.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As requested by the Statistical Commission at its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounts.
(a) Coordinate the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of its records;
Thirdly, the activities of the Department of Public Information must be intensified.
By increasing the volume of Russian-language information on the United Nations web site, the number of Russian-language visitors increased.
At the 4th meeting, the President also invited the representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, having considered a proposal by the Chair, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, covering sub-items (a), (b), and (c) of agenda item 10, for adoption by the COP at its eighth session.
Notes
Surre and gemmean salt are among the most important chemical elements and the metal deposits (coding, zinc and lead) are very abundant.
From 1990 to 2002, Poland reformed its public service.
(h) To cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations in promoting the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen cannot lose his citizenship unless he renounces his citizenship.
According to article 41, paragraph 1, deprivation of liberty or restriction of liberty is admissible only in accordance with the principles and modalities provided for by law.
The question of the Ouazzani and Hasbani rivers continues to be a source of tension and possible escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Even if the posts are frozen, they will continue to be included in the approved staffing table (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities requiring additional resources is presented in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments were due to changes in the exchange rate between the United States dollar, the currency in which the United Nations accounts are registered, and the euro, the currency of the host country.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget, as presented in table xx below;
Takes note of the Peace Fund: the peaceful settlement of territorial disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as the main mechanism, given its wider regional scope, for the prevention and resolution of territorial and maritime disputes, also takes note of the Caribbean Trust Fund established by the Conference on the Delimitation of the Sea in the Caribbean, held in Mexico City from 6 to 8 May 2002, which is aimed essentially at facilitating the participation of the Caribbean States in technical assistance;
Also notes the Pacific Islands regional ocean policy approved at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest the increasing financial resources from bilateral donors and noted the initiative of United Nations agencies to improve the coherence of their technical cooperation activities.
Some children as well as government troops abducted or persuaded to join their ranks were sent to death on the front lines.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Recognizing the responsibility of the international community to promote human rights and to ensure respect for international law,
He therefore supported the proposal to postpone consideration of the item for two years, on the understanding that the vote of the motion did not imply a position in favour or against the two draft resolutions; it was simply to recognize the need for a consensus agreement.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Raising awareness of the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to help boost economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property referred to in note 11 to the financial statements was the property of the organization as at 31 December 2002 and was not subject to any charge.
In a memorandum dated 5 February 2003, OIOS found that the “special clause” remained invalid, since it was included in the contract at the time of recruitment, without prior use by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide all necessary assistance to special rapporteurs and the joint mission to enable them to discharge their mandate fully;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in political discourse since the 1980s, indigenous peoples blamed the Bank for a lack of commitment to the implementation and compliance of these policies, which are often interpreted as mere facade.
CFATF Secretariat 35-37 Sackville St.
Almost all countries have a chemical sector, but almost 80 per cent of global production is the fact of 16 countries, the vast majority of which are OECD members.
Resolution
In this regard, it was pointed out that in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council had made clear that claims for political motivation should not be considered as grounds for refusing requests for the extradition of alleged terrorists.
The outcome of the technical meetings and seminars held at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) Comment on the future direction of the Partnership and its programme for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI agreed to forward the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the COP for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of this post;
The increase in non-Swiss non-post resources (800,800 Swiss francs, or 5.6 per cent) relates mainly to the increase in non-Swiss non-post resources and contributions (840,900 Swiss francs) to cover the cost of services rendered to JIU by the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Central Support Services at the United Nations Office at Geneva, which is offset by a reduction in the cost of the two posts referred to in paragraph 9 above;
These services are “multiple uses” for which definition and acceptance are as important as most environmental goods.
By design, they meet a specific intent and are intended for ecological purposes: for example, a recycling station remains a recycling station, although the techniques used by it are profoundly modified.
For intellectual property rights, article 66 (2) could be applied and article 67 of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS), developed WTO members providing incentives for technology transfer.
A number of recommendations made at the meeting related to possible actions at the national level:
The increase in requirements and the resulting overexpenditures are due to the revision of the approved post adjustment rates, effective 1 November 2002, the new salary scales for the Professional and higher categories and for the Field Service category (two categories of which are subject to the 100 and 300 series of the Staff Rules) effective 1 January 2003, and the approval of a post-graduation allowance for staff in the post-graduation category.
(a) A new subparagraph was inserted after the fifth preambular paragraph:
Description of methods used to identify key sources of Reference to the tables of main sources of the CRF Information on the level of detail in tables 7.A1-7A3 of the IPCC good practice guidance1
Annex I Parties should complete all cells for emissions or removals, activity data and emission factors.
Italy is one of the countries most affected by population ageing.
Thus, the subject concerned a State's primary obligation and implied that the existence and conciliation of “legitimate interests and multiple factors” were accepted.
It also has the merit of not obstructing judicial action on other grounds.
Another common law cause is the public mandate rule, which is more applicable in the United States.
Introduction
We fully support the efforts to rationalize the work of the General Assembly and are prepared to assist other delegations, as well as our willingness to assume the heavy burden of apparently perpetual meetings.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the early 1990s, including important measures to revitalize the General Assembly and inspired by the draft resolution we have just adopted.
The procedures differ because needs are not everywhere.
These warnings have been accompanied by pressure to compel us to accept amendments or amendments that would restrict or undermine the rights of indigenous peoples recognized in international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, requesting membership in the World Trade Organization, bearing in mind paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/182 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who have served for the duration of a nine-year term, the annual pension is:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims identified as potentially cross-checking four “E4” claims claimed new or larger losses, in the light of those claimed by the “E4” claimant.
UNSEQ number: E-2449
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several representatives of Governments stated that in order to attract direct investment, these institutions must increase their support for the development of the necessary infrastructure, including in the ICT sector.
The globalization of development also requires the elimination of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and increased resources, and the increased participation of developing countries in international decision-making.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary border crossing point was opened between Restlica in Kosovo and Strezimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for only local residents.
The free movement of minorities has also been hampered by the decision of the authorities of the Government of Serbia not to sign an agreement on the use in Serbia of Kosovo's licence plates and their calls to deter the Kosovo Serbs from crossing their vehicle by UNMIK.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their resolute support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, and we believe that this is an important first step towards creating a legal norm in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to connect from the site to global sites and to ECLAC on regional follow-up to United Nations conferences and summits, to be launched at the same time in June 2003, at the fourth United Nations Regional Inter-Agency Technical Coordination Meeting.
The oil prices had already included a “war premium” of about US$ 5 per barrel in recent months of 2002 and exceeded US$ 31 per barrel in January 2003.
They will first have to undergo an initial structural adjustment by joining UEM in order to bring them closer to the baselines defined for fiscal deficits; they may therefore apply an excessive fiscal policy in this period, which would have a clear negative impact on economic growth.
Ahearn et al., op.
Under article 5 of the Home Autonomy Act, the authority to conduct foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Government of Denmark, and no part of that prerogative may be transferred to the Faroe Islands self-government.
For example, significant financial assistance is provided for the exploitation of ethnic minority associations, intercultural activities and information materials, as well as various types of local integration projects.
The 1989 Community Social Charter provides for collective action in the event of conflict of interest, particularly the right to strike, subject to the obligation to respect national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days in each quarter.
The high proportion of smokers in the population is mainly responsible for the relatively high mortality rate and has a negative impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played an important advocacy role and facilitated campaigns that have resulted in new instruments and standards for the protection of children, as follows:
These organizations have played a leading role in the preparation and implementation of the programme.
• ACP-EU Cooperation: the ACP-EU Partnership Agreement signed in Cotonou, Benin, in 2000, took into account various elements proposed by the Special Representative at the ACP-EU Joint Assembly in March 1999.
The presence of the United Nations, anywhere in the world, has always been regarded as a symbol and a guarantee of universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, attracted a wide audience, including among non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136 to 141, 144 to 146, 148 and 150
It also continues its efforts to increase awareness of women's rights in all its activities and of the human rights mechanisms it supports, including through the adoption in 2002 of a gender mainstreaming strategy.
The Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights had established commissions or fact-finding teams.
Recommendations on travel grants
In accordance with the arrangements for consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, as approved by the Council in its resolution 1996/31, organizations in consultative status are required to report every four years on their activities, including their support for the work of the United Nations.
In line with the recommendations of ACABQ in its report (see A/C.5/57/SR.20), UNFIP undertook a series of activities in 2002 that are part of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects aimed at rationalizing its activities, targeting them and enhancing their effectiveness.
Gender focal points have been appointed in each Ministry and the Ministry of Women's Affairs is strengthening their capacity to implement national gender policy.
Recalling its resolution 57/134 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs were a characteristic aspect of the services economy, and often even large firms in developing countries were small businesses worldwide.
In the area of statistics, there was a need to encourage data collection, as well as work on an assessment of social and impact on the development of services liberalization.
Assistance was particularly important as African countries were continuing parallel negotiations with the European Union with a view to concluding economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of technical authentication to date
To combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary and appropriate steps to strengthen legislation and institutional capacity in this area.
Country decisions
waiver
The Australian citizenship certificate is not an identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to work actively towards the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular on a common formula that could be included in a binding international instrument;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate to (a) subprogramme 3, Progressive development and codification of international law, of programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) to sections 8, Legal affairs, and 2, General Assembly affairs and conference services, of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
The session was attended by representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
Question 7.
To attempt to distinguish between the two types of cloning is intended only to attempt to hide the fact that a human life is being created to destroy it in order to produce embryonic stem cells or conduct other experiments.
There is what debate, and there seems to be a continuing divergence of views, no opinion should be imposed on all others.
The development of transport infrastructure and information and communication technologies, including the removal of missing links, would improve transit transport and enable landlocked countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. De Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month for introducing the annual report of the Council covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Update on the United Nations System-wide Action Plan on Drug Abuse Control (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its deep concern at the tragic situation of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent the displacement of people and to provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, recalls in this regard the Guiding Principles on Internally Displaced Persons, and urges the international community, under the guidance of relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national projects and programmes aimed at alleviating the plight of internally displaced persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must bring benefits to all.
Most recently, in February 2003, two primary seismic monitoring stations at Lac-Bonnet (PS08) and Sharberville (PS10), were officially registered by the Provisional Technical Secretariat; the construction of a radionuclide monitoring station (RN16) to Yellowknife was completed in March 2003.
It also welcomes the establishment of a post of general control and transparency that has characterized recent senior appointments.
Also at the 61st meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally proposed an amendment to the draft resolution, whereby operative paragraph 6 (g) would read as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of a growing globalization process, government actions can often have a negative impact on the right to food of the population of another country (e.g. in the context of agricultural trade).
Under article 507, members of the groups referred to in article 499, who cooperate with the judicial authorities in identifying criminals or updating their criminal intentions, will be pardoned.
In the long term, a flexible and effective legal framework for security rights could be a useful instrument for accelerating economic growth.
Special Committee decision of 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We particularly welcome your efforts to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of those Territories, the majority of which are in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I invite you to consider the Committee as a friend who wishes to work with you and to you for the realization of the rights that are undoubtedly yours.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first Country Cooperation Framework approved by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, facilitate the development of a national integrated development plan, which will establish procedures for the establishment of national development priorities over 10 years, focusing on health, population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
Within the Ministry, a State Secretariat has been responsible for the advancement of women and the participation of women in development, demonstrating the Government's commitment to pay specific attention to women's issues: in the Congo, all the secretariats of the State participate in the meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia thanked the Quadrilatérale group and other countries for the initiatives in favour of LDCs in the area of market access, which it considered to have a competitive advantage and encourage investment in the sectors covered by the programme.
However, it is expected that the United Nations will end the year with a positive cash balance (currently estimated at $44 million) under the regular budget — a result that would be favourable if it were to reflect the forecasts.
Bigamy
Maintenance of order
We have included food, tents, blankets, medicines and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, particularly floods, also contribute to the deterioration of habitat and the depletion of resources in the East Asian subregion.
As part of their day-to-day activities, women are the main protectors of forest species and are therefore dependent on future forest productivity.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation among developing countries, should not be neglected.
The Government of Slovenia has established an interdepartmental working group to implement restrictive measures and follow up on counter-terrorism activities.
By the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on Children in Armed Conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- The financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Oti (Uganda) said that her delegation had been inadvertently included among the sponsors because of a technical error.
(b) A certified copy of the memorandum and articles of association of the corporation;
Subject to the other priorities and resources available, the Government of the Bahamas intends to make progress in this process over the next few months.
Fifty-eighth session
According to one view, the basic criterion for striking a balance between the interests of buyers and those of secured creditors was the concept of “business as usual”.
The Working Group on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget will have before it an annual in-depth study on a programme of technical cooperation.
The cotton problem was crucial, and the difficulties faced by African producers should be seen from both a moral and economic perspective.
The Programme of Action launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States as a matter of urgency to reverse the spread of HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia is committed to achieving the goals of the Declaration of Commitment through broad national action supported by UNAIDS technical, financial and tactical support and collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that the primary responsibility for guiding children, raising them in a healthy environment, inculcating them in the sense of duty, integrity, responsibility, civic responsibility, compassion and service towards others, is the responsibility of parents to help strengthen families, communities and nations throughout the world;
It is found in most of the Muslim countries in the Middle East, the Indian subcontinent, South-East Asia and parts of Africa.
27 October 2003, Baghdad
However, in cases where the sanctions imposed remain in force for a long period of time, as in the case of the Al-Qaida/Taliban sanctions regime, universal reporting requirements cannot be as effective.
The Government of East Timor is currently reviewing projects aimed at effectively improving the capacity of the East Timorese police in both areas, in addition to its capacity to deal with civil unrest.
In addition, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police to deal with the threats of criminal and armed groups in the countryside and in the tactical coordination line.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to inform whether they wished to participate in the work of the new team and to communicate to the Office for Outer Space Affairs the contact points they would designate.
The Gambian law provides for a certain measure of punishment for the conduct referred to in this article, but the penalties for such conduct must be radically reviewed.
Indeed, in both urban and rural areas, female illiteracy is combined with poverty and ingrad work, with dependence and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of African partners have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to African countries.
The Group currently comprises seven persons.
The members of the Committee discussed the issue at length without reaching agreement on the causes of the problem or on ways to remedy it.
They supported United States military activities in their territory, as they did not forget their own history; they knew from experience what vulnerability meant and appreciated the security and protection that the United States offered.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Commerce of Guam, October-December 2001, www.admin.gov.gu/trade.
Application of International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative
With regard to funding, improving the situation in 2002-2003 in terms of income and expenditure and implementing the revised recovery policy also offers good prospects for the UNICEF financial plan and budget.
Background
Summary table IV shows the proposed changes to the number of support budget posts for each of the main components of each appropriation line.
Summary table V shows a comparison between the total number of posts in each organizational unit for the current and future biennium.
Table 7 Distribution of recurrent expenditure and new investments, 2004-2005
It summarizes the progress made by the Central American countries in the path of peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since my last report (A/57/384 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit in Cuzco, Peru, and the 19 members of the Group adopted the Cuzco Consensus, a strategic programme of action aimed at overcoming poverty and social exclusion and addressing the themes of democratic governance, cultural identity and external relations and the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The immense reconstruction efforts in the region continue with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and their reports
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 17 to 19, 24, 25 and 27 September; 3, 11, 14, 15, 23 to 25 and 28 October; 6, 7, 19, 22 and 25 November; 3, 4, 6, 9, 16, 16 to 20 and 30 December 2002; 6, 9, 10, 15, 23, 27, 29 and 31 January; 12, 24 to 27 February; 4, 12, 14, 18, 20, 21, 25 and 26 March; 2, 3, 7, 8, 10, 14, 16, 22 and 24 April; 8, 9, 8, 9, 8, 9, 12, 14, 19 and 24 and 24 and 24 and 24 April; 20 May; 21 May; 20 and 24 and 24 and 24 and 24 May; 20 May; 20 May; 21 May; 20 and 24 to 27 July; 20 to 27 July; 20 to 27 July; 20 to 27 July; 20 to 27 July; 21 to 27 July; 21 to 27 July; 21 to 27 February; and 27 July; 21 to 27 June; 21 to 27 July; 21 to 27 to 27 February, 11 to 20 to 27 to 27 to 27 February; 20 to 27 to 27 to 27 to 27 to 27 to 27 to 27 to 20 to 27 to 27 to 27 to 27 to 27 to 27 to 27 to 27 to 27 to 27 to 27 to 27 to 27
UNMOVIC has also had contacts with many Governments in the area of export control, particularly with regard to finding practical solutions to issues such as defining dual-use equipment and finding an appropriate balance between non-proliferation objectives and legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, this information is based on the recently updated United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) review of budget preparation in the United Nations system.
Of the 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are devoted entirely or primarily to renewable energy.
Nuclear non-proliferation and the peaceful uses of the atom can go hand in hand with transparency and mutual confidence.
In this sense, the experience of developed democracies is very valuable.
I take this opportunity to convey to me the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues the most sincere condolences of the Bulgarian people to their families.
We can speak of victory when these attacks will no longer take place, as they end up the entire nation.
The Government has identified some 30,000 individuals affiliated with organizations considered to be terrorists because of the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the designation of operational entities that have been accredited and provisionally designated by the Council.
It is only through their determination and dedication that it has been possible, with the assistance of the secretariat, to carry out the heavy and difficult tasks assigned to them.
APPROCEDURES FOR THE REVIEW OF THE PREVENTION, PARAGRAPH 41 OF THE MODALITIES AND PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF PROCEDURES OF PROCEDURES OF THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES FOR THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE
Statistical study, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and April/May 2003, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
I would now like to repeat the names of the two countries among the Asian States that wish to present a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Achievements in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was in the interests of both developed and developing countries to establish a sound and equitable multilateral trading system.
International agreements should not limit the ability of Governments to regulate, particularly in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy were of the greatest importance to the economies of the Group's member countries.
FDI could play a fundamental role in economic growth and development in host countries.
States
His delegation essentially supported all the Special Rapporteur's suggestions, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted that this sector, which is outside State control and taxation systems, has a considerable stake in the economy of many developing countries in all regions.
Commission on Sustainable Development
This joint programme would enable member States to understand more comprehensively the prospects and risks of a global society and would be used to implement the basic proposals made by the Secretary-General on science and technology at the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the Group of 8 of July 2000 and the Dubai Declaration of the Group of 77 for the Promotion of Science and Technology in South Africa (October 2002).
The details of how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international development cooperation will focus on the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the chains, the use of this guide was made by the news players and, although the other stations did not follow their example, normalization of the pronunciation was still possible.
They took note of the convening of the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties to the Convention from 16 to 20 September 2002.
They strongly supported the unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures adopted by some Governments to reduce their military expenditures, thereby contributing to regional and international peace and security.
Vocational training and job creation must enable cities to value the potential of young people.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
2-3 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an introductory statement.
Although the region of the Middle East is a particularly sensitive area in the light of the various outstanding issues and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that it is important for the international community to focus on achieving this objective, within the framework of the United Nations, in order to take a decisive step towards the establishment of peace in that region.
It should also be noted that there is a growing understanding that the resolution of the issue of the composition of the office will facilitate the strengthening of the understanding of the rules governing the composition of the Bureau and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme, on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.30 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
Under the sanctions regime (paragraph 4 (b) established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraphs 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002), Member States have an obligation to freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources of the individuals or entities involved, including funds derived from property owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by them, their agents or agents, and to ensure that their nationals and individuals who are not in their territories or entities that are able to make such assets or entities directly or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities, directly or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities, directly or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities, directly or entities, directly or entities, directly or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities, or entities or entities or entities or entities or entities, or entities, or entities, or entities, or entities, or entities, or entities, or entities, directly or entities or entities, directly or entities, or entities or entities
Almost all federal law enforcement agencies have contributed to this effort by providing basic and advanced training in all areas of financial crime.
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network - FinCEN
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is empowered, under article 7 of the Companies Act, to exercise control over the objectives, sources of financing and expenditures of non-profit organizations.
The mission stressed that they had not come to act as facilitator, to intervene in the peace talks in Liberia, but they indicated to all parties the elements they considered essential: full respect for the ceasefire; a comprehensive political settlement for the appointment of a transitional government that would hold free and fair elections; and respect for international humanitarian law, including immediate and unrestricted access to humanitarian agencies.
(d) Report of the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not generally applied and the provisions of the various conventions on liability and relations between them were difficult to understand.
The Advisory Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following questions at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission on the transfer of marine technology; (2) possible establishment of an internal procedure of IOC for the effective implementation of article 247 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, on scientific projects and marine research carried out by or under the auspices of international organizations in the field of marine science and research;
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
As a follow-up to this conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the heart of the international development agenda.
He hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States would follow the same pattern of review and that the General Assembly would request the Secretary-General to submit an annual progress report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
After a civil war that has ruined the national economy, Burundi cannot complete this internal and external dislocation programme to fight poverty without the support of the international community.
This has a negative impact on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to transmit to the Secretary-General, in time for the General Assembly to deliberate at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways to strengthen and broaden participation in the standardized reporting system, including changes to its content and structure;
The difficulty of deciding at the outset whether the debtor should be subject to liquidation rather than reorganization proceedings has led some countries to review their insolvency law and to replace separate proceedings with “unitary” proceedings.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, to school in the light of potentially dangerous situations.
We attach high priority to our collaboration with our partners in WHO and others to encourage breastfeeding as the best way to protect children's health.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532) and the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and his continued efforts to reach a conclusion of bilateral agreements with member States pursuant to article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the authorities of Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Ecuador, Guatemala, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Italy, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria (3), Pakistan, Peru, the Sudan, Tunisia (2), Turkey and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge will inform his personal and fiduciary financial interests and make every effort reasonably possible to be informed of the financial interests of his family members.
Member States reported some difficulties in implementing the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthening technological support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms; strengthening human capacity; identifying new technologies and applications; and encouraging international collaboration in support of research in areas left behind;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile and by the observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of the CISC (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In his opening statement, Mr. Kim Hak-Su welcomed in the session the first substantive stage of the process leading to a final international conference on chemicals management in 2006.
Response measures
I would like to say that working with you in the Council at the United Nations has been a rich experience.
We particularly appreciate your determination and belief in defending your country's positions in extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
Activities
A technical cooperation project for the Mozambique Trade Point is under way and is expected to be completed by the end of 2003.
Debt servicing procedures are more effective and inconsistent in creditor claims.
It is a smaller country with a smaller population, but 2.2 million people are threatened with starvation.
I still do not have to understand why it is so difficult to accept that state of affairs.
Article 2.8 The Secretary-General may submit additional proposals for the programme budget whenever appropriate.
Regulation 4.5 The establishment of a Peacekeeping Reserve Fund as a cash-flow facility to enable the Organization to respond quickly during the start-up phase of new peacekeeping operations or to expand existing operations and to finance unforeseen and extraordinary peacekeeping expenditures.
These agreements include services to be provided by the United Nations for full reimbursement of costs.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Considers that it is preferable for the Organization to give or dispose of property at a nominal price to another intergovernmental organization, to a Government, to a public body or to another non-profit organization.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after full investigation, authorize the write-off of losses of cash, goods and other assets, on the understanding that he is to submit to the Board of Auditors, together with the accounts, a statement of all such losses.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally corrected?
Abstaining:
Their nature cannot impose confidence-building measures that must, therefore, be defined and agreed on on the basis of volunteerism, at the rate deemed appropriate by States participating in the process.
Otherwise, developing countries will be more marginalized.
In Kisangani, she met with the families of the victims of the May 2002 massacres and victims of sexual violations and visited the prison and the cachots.
The cost of the construction of prefabricated offices is estimated at $985,671.
Special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of working groups responsible for the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as the chairpersons of the human rights treaty bodies, deplored the fact that the fight against terrorism was used as a pretext for threatening human rights defenders and targeting vulnerable groups to target them by diverting them from their origin and from their socio-economic situation, which was particularly the case with migrants, and the refugees.
Why is it?
My fifth proposal is of a general nature: it is to act on the source of these two evils.
In order to achieve a lasting settlement of these conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and Governments of those States with economies in transition obtain accounts and enforce justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which calls on regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and the States of the region in the full implementation of the arms embargo as a fundamental component of the Somali national reconciliation process.
In fact, the League of Arab States has played a role in responding to the deteriorating political and security situation in the region, including Palestine, Iraq and regional security.
It has also sought to ensure that inspectors, when returned to Iraq, can work and move freely — an effort that was recognized in Security Council resolution 1441 (2002).
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Calls upon the United Nations system to integrate a gender perspective into all its programmes and policies, including in the coherent follow-up to United Nations conferences, in accordance with agreed conclusions 1997/2 on gender mainstreaming adopted by the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 1997, and welcomes the decision of the Economic and Social Council to devote two themes to its substantive session of 2004 and coordination;
It is true that many HIPC countries do not adequately implement IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
The main advice that Mr. Duque may give to the Commission is not to allow this issue to take a political turn.
Strengthening of United Nations action in the field of human rights through the promotion of international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that through increased efforts and implementation, a reasonable compromise can be reached on the issue of Security Council reform in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reaffirm once again that the People's and Democratic Republic of Korea has fully fulfilled its obligations in accordance with the provisions of the 1994 Agreed Agreement between the People's Republic and the United States, until its withdrawal from the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopted the concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections may be submitted within seven days of the receipt of the record or the closure of the session, whichever is later.
Welcoming the reorganization of the bureaux of the Committee and its two subcommittees, his delegation looked forward to working with them on issues such as space education and natural disaster mitigation.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of annual meetings with the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of the Office of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit on Sustainable Development for the more effective and coherent achievement of the three objectives of the Convention and the achievement by 2010 of a significant slowdown in the current rate of loss of biodiversity, which will require action at all levels, including the implementation of national strategies and action plans for the preservation of biodiversity and the allocation of new and additional financial and technical resources to developing countries,
This budget should be adjusted to take into account the costs and resources resulting from the unification of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In paragraph 4, the words “staff” were replaced by the word “professional” and the words “encourages the Secretary-General to intensify his efforts” were replaced by the words “encourage the Secretary-General and the executive heads of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned about the remaining challenges,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination, as contained in chapter III, section C.4 of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of the Central Asian countries on trafficking in small arms and light weapons, during which a debate was devoted to the ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, submitted pursuant to Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999, and the reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It is important that the Congress reverse its initial refusal to support national reparations and ensure the financing and institutional stability of payments by adopting the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed simply because they were Serb and to send to all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must go and that there is no chance of reconciliation, as well as to achieve the multi-ethnic society, as provided for in Security Council resolution 1244 (1999), and we wish to do our best.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps as a civil emergency organization.
For this reason, it is the responsibility of Israel to put an end to these violations of Lebanese airspace and to prevent their escalation of tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as set out below.
In this august Organization, there will always be zero tolerance for those who advocate intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence.
The Committee agreed that the two secretariats should continue to collaborate.
At its resumed 2001 session, the Committee had before it special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint submitted by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that his only concern was to ensure that the NGO did not abuse its status with the Council by carrying out its activities in a manner that undermined the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (from 25th to 50th) were held.
However, linkages between areas, balances to be sought, the time-frame to be retained, costs and benefits as perceived were highly complex issues.
Angola had hosted the seventh Conference on Trade and Finance in Africa in May 2003.
If the answer is yes, please describe the measures taken.
Persons whose DNA is subject to analysis also have the right to know who collect such information, for what purposes it is stored and who can have access to it.
The licensing requirements of the European Patent Convention are: (i) novelty; (ii) inventive activity; (iii) industrial application.
2 and 17b) of the European Road Trademark Agreement of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Artists, Producers of Phonograms and Broadcasting Agencies of 26 October 1961.
(h) Approval of the implementation plan;
For example, the rural male population has increased in the north-east and south-west regions (from 49.8 per cent to 50 per cent and 49.1 per cent to 49.3 per cent, respectively), while in the following regions it decreased from 49.8 per cent to 49.4 per cent), the South (from 49.4 per cent to 49.2 per cent), the Northwest (from 49.7 per cent to 49.5 per cent) and the Centre (from 50.1 per cent to 50.1 per cent).
Women and men also have equal rights with respect to the citizenship of their children.
The various family planning methods were not well known before 1989 and couples were most often using natural methods and condoms.
This revaluation of the amount of the allowance takes into account the increase in the price of school supplies, food, clothing and other products of strict necessity for children, and is aimed at preventing school dropouts, a phenomenon that has increased in recent years owing to the decrease in the financial resources of families with children.
Insufficient development activities in the most unstable areas of the country have not been affected.
More than 40 countries have benefited from the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) pilot, with grants provided by donors to finance or improve common services provided to 24 country teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions — particularly the Bretton Woods institutions — focus on both the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and the poverty reduction strategy papers.
A representative may not, in raising a point of order, speak on the substance of the matter under discussion.
(e) recall that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation had designated the Commission as the focal point for the discussion on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and reaffirmed that partnerships, as voluntary initiatives by stakeholders, contributed to the implementation of intergovernmental commitments under Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
International commitments
We look forward to your consideration of the proposal.
Thus, the proposal to impose an immediate moratorium on the commercial activities of the extractive industries in Liberia is based on past experiences and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
In their view, model 3, as it deviated from the other two of the current system, would be able to be used professionally by several organizations.
Conditions of service of staff in the Professional and higher categories
As a result, the amounts of the mobility and hardship allowance would also remain unchanged.
(e) Study on grade equivalency between the United Nations civil service and the United States Federal Administration.
The Panel then noted that each of the borrowings was under way prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and assessment of progress towards sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights stressed the importance of improving the response of the international community to violence by strengthening prevention efforts at the national level and through international cooperation.
While almost 50 business leaders were present at its official launch, by the end of 2003, the Global Compact became a highly developed international network with over 1,000 businesses worldwide, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by reporting institutions are reported to them.
• Brainage (D) and credit (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines brought about a climate of close consultation and cooperation between Governments, international organizations and non-governmental organizations in the same spirit.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11 Visits
The working group recognizes the importance of the summary accompanying the report.
Following those deliberations, the members of the Committee, on the basis of the provisions on the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on its fortieth session (1997), as endorsed by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, reached the following agreement, which will serve as a basis for the election of the members of the Committee at the opening of its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue between States, indigenous peoples and other actors on the concept of indigenous peoples in the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III
Indigenous Peoples
Most Governments are aware of the increasing threat posed by the continued illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and give high priority to measures to mitigate this threat.
Those successes required long-term investments in economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations addressed policing issues with the Special Committee.
Statement submitted by the Congregation of Our Lady of the Charity of the Bon Pastor, a non-governmental organization in special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 provides updated information on the financial situation of UNOSO and the Civilian Police Support Group as at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lauro Baja, Jr.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Booby-Traps and Other Devices as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, as amended on 3 May 1996) annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons which may be deemed to be Excessively Injurious or to have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they be defined in order to facilitate monitoring and evaluation of results and that work be done to establish timetables for the achievement of outputs.
The Advisory Committee is not convinced, however, that three additional posts should be established to provide military expertise on a continuing basis.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continue cooperation with grass-roots indigenous organizations, recognize their marginalization and strengthen their capacity to address issues of national and international concern;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1356 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo should not apply to protective clothing, including bullet-proof and military cases, temporarily exported to Somalia, for their personal use by United Nations personnel, media, humanitarian personnel, development personnel and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the Islamic History, Art and Culture Research Centre in Istanbul to preserve the cultural heritage and the Islamic identity of Muslim communities in non-OIC Member States.
Addressing the impact of the information society on economic and socio-cultural development, and urged industrial States to develop a programme of work that would enable developing States to benefit from communication technologies to bridge the digital divide and to participate actively in the World Summit on the Information Society and to coordinate their positions.
Condemns any form of repression against refugees, including armed attacks against refugee camps, and pressure on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, aimed in particular at strengthening Islamic solidarity among member States and strengthening their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and in all vital sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to reach consensus on its programme of work, including the establishment of subsidiary negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, the prevention of the arms race in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and effective international measures to protect non-nuclear States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to commence substantive work on the prevention of the arms race in outer space as soon as possible.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons
Resolution No. 7/30-E on the external debt of Member States and other OIC Member States
Thanks the IDB for organizing a workshop on private sector investment and the role of the IDB in the Member States from 14 to 16 September 2002 in Istanbul, in collaboration with the OIC institutions concerned and also thanks the Republic of Turkey for hosting the workshop.
Commends the draft resolutions contained in the report of the ninth meeting of the private sector.
Further calls upon Member States with technical infrastructures for the conservation and restoration of manuscripts to provide scholarships to the staff of the Institute, with a view to enhancing their expertise in this area.
Recalling further United Nations resolution No. 49/60 on the Declaration of Principles for Combating International Terrorism;
With regard to the entire West African region, which I hope will receive sustained attention from the Council and other agencies of the United Nations system following our mission and report, the subregional problems are enormous and we listed them in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the work of the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be decisive in preventing a possible conflict if appropriate action is not taken.
These negotiations may have a number of negative effects, as they require highly skilled and experienced staff and have increased risks of abuse or corruption.
In the accompanying letter, UNCITRAL requested “comments on specific provisions to facilitate the preparation of an analytical commentary to be submitted to the Commission”.
It was therefore necessary to combine economic and political efforts and implement all relevant United Nations resolutions calling for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from all occupied territories and proclaimed the right of the Palestinian people to a politically independent and economically viable State.
After the adoption of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003), the Minister of Finance of Jordan, in its note No. 12/3/16/2908 of 3 April 2003, provided the customs authorities with the names of the individuals and entities on the Consolidated List and requested them to prohibit the customs authorities' customs authorities from customs clearance of goods imported or exported by such persons or entities and to confiscate them if they are located in the territory and to furnish all information concerning them to the customs authorities.
Calls upon States to review and reform, as appropriate, legislation and practices to raise the minimum age of marriage to 18 years, with or without the consent of parents, for both girls and boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to transmit to the Special Rapporteur all data collected from all relevant sources of information, including a compilation of studies and publications on the impact of terrorism and the impact of the fight against terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends the following draft resolution for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session:
In addition, the Committee has no objection to the fact that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the Emergency Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 are supplemented by an amount not exceeding $200,000 (see A/58/214, para.
Each subsystem is consistent with the information technology environment and the procedures of the organization.
Participants and beneficiaries will be the first to see an improvement in their services.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important instrument for social change, as it enables everyone to acquire new values and change relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights embodies the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and proclaims that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, that everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms proclaimed in the Declaration, without distinction of any kind, and that the individual has responsibilities to the community in which only the free and full development of his or her personality is possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to affirm that local staff must comply with their national service obligations and several Eritreans working for UNMEE have been arrested.
The Committee will encourage those who provide assistance to focus, through expanded capacity-building programmes, on counter-terrorism capacity; to give greater priority to training and to ensure that programmes are implemented in a timely manner and are results-oriented.
12.44 This subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Division on Investment, Enterprise and Technology.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they amounted to $21,478,915, including advances made by several Member States on their contribution for the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or place where their lives are in danger and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers from leaving a country where their lives are in danger;
There is a growing tendency to give priority to peace to the detriment of justice, which can be understood in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises during a peace process, but which in fact leads to the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear no objection, I shall take it that the Assembly adopts this suggestion.
The General Assembly is to elect 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded this stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
It regrets, however, that there are still some countries that have not adopted it in some regions where the proliferation of ballistic missiles remains an urgent problem.
In view of the proposed opening of new centres for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration and the increased workload of the Section, a net increase of 38 posts are proposed.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, his delegation supported a wide range of application.
As in previous instalments, the Panel reviewed the claims in part two of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after assessing the documentary and other evidence, balancing the interests of the claimants who had fled a war zone and Iraq's claims, which are only liable for losses and losses resulting directly from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Nevertheless, in order to resolve this problem, our State expects the future assistance of the CTC, international organizations and donor countries.
The Palestinian Authority's media, educational institutions and religious and political personalities instil hatred, glorify and offer moral support, both human and divided, to the massacres.
If we do so, each will have the opportunity to address the Council.
Let Israel end the occupation of our territory, stop sending settlers, and cease its violation of our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties is to assess progress made on the clean development mechanism and, where necessary, to take appropriate measures, recommends that the Conference of the Parties consider including in its decision on the guidelines to the Executive Board the preamble and paragraph below.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections were suspended, but the dictatorial Government of Pinochet attempted to improve the provision of local services, which resulted in a number of reforms, including income-sharing.
In accordance with Sub-Commission resolution 2002/21, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had identified it as the main themes of its work in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004: “Conflict resolution on indigenous issues”; in 2005: “Protection of indigenous traditional knowledge at the national and international level”; and in 2006: “Indigenous children and youth”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting grants should be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and to the continued development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
General Assembly resolution 57/65 on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason for which it was not mentioned in the programme document were mentioned.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2
In real terms, expenditures for children increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having also considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to New Caledonia,
As a result, there is no exception when it comes to the right of peoples to struggle for their self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): The participation of civil society, in general, and NGOs, in particular, is legally prescribed by the Convention process.
d Pledges made at the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities in November 2000 for 2001 and November 2002 for 2003.
As at 16 January 2003, the total of new voluntary contributions, which are available for the twenty-second session of the Board, amounted to only $551,548 (see table 1 above).
(d) If the purpose of the action is to terminate or terminate the employment contract and if, in the opinion of the Head of State, the head of Government or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the employer State, such action may interfere with the security interests of the State;
The session will be held at the Fiera Milano Congress Centre in Milan.
Whether this process is properly recognized and designated (i.e., transitional society or a knowledge society) or not, any development, any regulation that strengthens knowledge systems, releases a human potential, enhances its value and makes it more attractive to social, economic and political life, brings together a society from this new development phase.
Mary Ann I informed me of his intention to leave UNHCR for personal and professional reasons, and I accepted his request, not without regret.
The Committee suggests that all age groups be included in the Friends of the Chair indicator.
Emphasizing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts made in this regard by the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work of the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Allocation of non-permanent seats in the regions
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete the subparagraph.
The representative of any regional agreement or body should indicate in writing to the President of the Security Council that he wishes to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how it would be possible to better provide the necessary leadership for the implementation of such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee requests the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies adopted by the State party to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of the legislative provisions on equality between men and women, including in the area of women's representation at the various levels of government and the public service.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety of all personnel under the auspices of the United Nations participating in the Force;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (General Assembly resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 53/242)1
Fundamental economic laws are under consideration, including investment and corporate registration laws and a draft bankruptcy law.
It is encouraging to note that there has been no recent repetition of events at the end of 2002 and earlier this year.
The fourth salient point is that the Government of East Timor has managed to generate income of $44.1 million, of which $26.7 million was spent on income from the Timor Sea during the current year, demonstrating that the State is increasingly able to mobilize its own resources.
The carrier should not deal with the responsibility of the performing carrier.
Additional statements and contributions for the preparation of the draft instrument
(d) Encourage, in general, activities aimed at strengthening the independence of the judiciary and the bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and is increasing over the years.
One of them was reportedly executed before the main university entrance, with the aim of creating a climate of terror after a demonstration organized shortly by students.
The international community should address this growing trend of excessive force use;
We would also like to reiterate that, in the context of the controversy over the question of the agent inner XV and the charcoal back, which were unilaterally destroyed by Iraq, he made concrete proposals during the recent technical discussions with Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February, with the aim of resolving the issues considered by the former Special Commission as vague or outstanding.
Efforts have been made in the past in the form of proposed texts in the hope of ending the political impasse.
We intend to increase the number of customs and procurement experts for tracking imports into Iraq.
Let us achieve peace, because we can build it if we sincerely seek to achieve it, with unwavering political will and determination.
I wish once again to express France's confidence and full support for their mission.
But Spain is aware that peace and security are guaranteed by compliance and implementation of Security Council resolutions and that it will arrive at a time when, owing to the lack of a political attitude, there will be a lack of a new will for cooperation on the part of the regime of Saddam Hussein, the Council will be obliged to assume its responsibility for international peace and security.
From this point of view, the work of the international community and the Security Council towards the Baghdad regime remains the main factor in ensuring Iraq's cooperation with the inspectors, and it is also the main condition for finding a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) To be consistent with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
Financial securities entities;
As we stated, Egypt has signed or ratified all conventions except the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which reflects its positive attitude towards combating terrorism.
Moreover, as it is impossible to build confidence in the day following, we must remain patient to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7 Number of letters relating to entitlements
Senior Legal Officer
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia are still attracting a large audience and a third one is expected to open in Adigrat.
In some cases, for example in the water sector, the number of transnational corporations that can intervene worldwide is very limited.
Within the framework of these principles, the Government of Croatia has embarked on a wide range of social and economic reforms aimed at encouraging employment growth and social welfare, such as the effective implementation of its National Strategy for the Eradication of Poverty and the Fight against Social Exclusion and the creation of social partnerships that will give priority to human resources and ensure education and science a central role in the pursuit of social progress.
The 218th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be held on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism has been set up at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 2003)1
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 2003)1
In order for persons with disabilities to enjoy their rights fully, the international community should widely support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account historical, cultural and development differences among countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be guided by all international norms and standards on disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also by resolutions of United Nations bodies and bodies.
The African Union stated that African peoples must strive to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of affirmative action for persons with disabilities.
In order for the secretariat to have sufficient resources, 13 per cent of the administrative costs of the projects was to be allocated to the project implementation division.
The disruption in the provision of drugs, materials and spare parts for equipment — especially for emergency services, therapy and surgery units and other services for both adults and children — have made it extremely difficult for medical personnel to provide their care.
Does this policy mean?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/11 in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and in accordance with the provisions of its Constitution relating to respect for international law.
[Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [
Employment has been slow and unemployment has remained at a reasonably low level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[Original: English/Spanish] [Original: English] [Original: English/Spanish] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original: English] [Original:
Limited access to energy sources and high fuel costs and resulting shortages have had a serious impact on urban transport, increased production costs and adversely affected the efficient delivery of social and urban activities.
Introduction
Verification of the applicant who owns a bank account and wishes to transfer a sum exceeding US$ 10,000 or equivalent to another currency.
Article 35(1) of the Rules states:
For example, it could, as proposed by the Secretary-General, establish a multi-stakeholder group on debt restructuring mechanisms that could be brought to the attention of intergovernmental decision-making bodies.
