Therefore, it is a matter of concern when counter-terrorism legislation gives law enforcement agencies and intelligence units the exceptional powers of surveillance and investigation without having to refer to justice.
Ms. Borzi Cornacchia (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur saw her future programme of work and whether she planned to include missions.
First, there is a need to increase the representative character of the Government, particularly in security institutions, and to intensify efforts towards national unity and reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including warlords and the Taliban — benefit from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend, contrary to the most fundamental principles of international humanitarian law, which raises crucial questions that are urgently needed.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure the wide dissemination of its concluding observations at all levels of society, including State officials and members of the judiciary, and to inform the Committee in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement those observations.
If additional funds were made available for programmes in Africa, the programme budget resources for the region would increase, as suggested by the high assumption.
Adoption of the report on credentials
6 See resolution 50/6.
In the second phase, under the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, one P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the Web site section to strengthen the language capacity of the website.
Organizational chart
A new gender analysis guide will be released in 2003.
Statistics (see responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) seem to show that the impact has been to reduce women's access to unemployment benefits.
In this regard, the special needs of the least developed countries should be emphasized, as their participation in global trade remains marginal and, to date, none of them has become a member of the World Trade Organization.
Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq troubled our Governments.
We, like Iraq, have a priority commitment.
As a result, my country believes that the draft resolution is an effective means of strengthening pressure on Iraq to comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
This attempts are being made to blur things.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, acting on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Development and transfer of technologies” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The proposed legislative reforms, inter alia, require technical assistance, including for the acquisition of equipment necessary to strengthen security at ports of entry and the training of personnel, particularly in the area of detection of fraudulent travel documents.
Noting that the Governments of some Territories have sought to meet the highest standards of financial supervision,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
In considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/114 containing the guidelines for the application by the Sub-Commission of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other decisions and practices relating thereto.
The evaluation of the level of girls' education in the Horn of Africa and Eastern Africa has identified the causes of the problem, which have already been found elsewhere: the extent of domestic chores and the financial sacrifice of girls' education to the family are the main social factors preventing them from receiving equal education with boys; and the lack of textbooks has to be added.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly is beginning at a time when we respond to the Secretary-General's call for reflection on the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, it seems to me that there are still a number of actions to be taken to ensure that future generations find us positively.
During this period of economic difficulties, the Government spent over $5 million last year on services designed to implement our HIV/AIDS strategic plan.
OPINION No.
The original judgement was rendered in favour of the applicants, but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently reversed the judgement.
The Government claims that these persons were arrested for conspiracy with enemy forces to overthrow the legal Government.
Mr. Yawowi Agboyibo, a former parliamentary lawyer, Chairman of the Action Committee for Renewal (CAR), a political party, was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to six months and imprisoned in the Lomé Civil Prison despite his appeal.
The Working Group, having rendered this opinion, requests the Government to adopt the necessary measures to remedy the situation, in accordance with the standards and principles contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
First of all, the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves must be met, with appropriate formulas and time frames to carry out their respective decolonization processes.
The resolution of this outstanding issue will only strengthen confidence.
These historic initiatives help to better understand the needs and aspirations of peoples under colonial rule by giving them the necessary radiation in a highly competitive global economy.
Only the United Nations has a legitimate mandate under its Charter and has the legal and political authority and international legitimacy to meet the greatest challenges to international peace and security.
Therefore, the United Nations must not only continue its work in Iraq but also expand it and provide more robust support to the Iraqi people.
UNAIDS is currently funding a post of HIV/AIDS adviser at the headquarters of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, which coordinates the overall strategy and initiatives to facilitate mission work.
Pursuant to article 5, paragraph 3, of its organic statute, the organization, on the proposal of its general coordinator and in prior consultation with the Executive Council, has de facto excluded Ms. Bonavita, regardless of her status in the organization, for violating the procedural rules of the Council, disruption the work of the Commission on Human Rights and lack of respect for the delegation of the United States of America.
The NAM shall carry out its activities under Article 3 through the following bodies:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the Mongolian National Human Rights Commission Act.
While, in the view of some members of the Working Group, this provision should not necessarily be included in insolvency law and may be left to ordinary law, it was observed that it was closely related to recommendation 70 and should be included in insolvency law for reasons of clarity and certainty.
After discussion, support was expressed for the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also a party to numerous international treaties on corruption, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes of Money-Laundering related to Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Related Crime, and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of providing the United Nations system with a management school was that it had become necessary to improve the coherence and effectiveness of the international civil service.
(c) Whether it is desirable, given the nature of the activity, to grant subcontractors exclusive rights;
In both cases, the market leader's position cannot be considered automatically acquired.
However, the United Nations portfolio of business activities includes high-value-added products, which are not equivalent in the world.
Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/SGB/Financial Rules/Rev.2/Amend.2), 12 February 1980.
In 2002, the executive board reviewed the structure and composition of the secretariat, which proved to be insufficient.
As not part of the Group's sessional documentation, these three documents may not be all available in time for the session, but they will be available on the UNCTAD website, like all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessional periods 45 20
The three options are not mutually exclusive.
However, when they occur, the Republic of Haiti is determined to take action on them.
The system has proved its effectiveness in its most visible part, namely, the electronic presentation of the evidence in the court.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also challenged the principle of default referral made by the Rome Statute as to which organ — the Court or the Council — was entitled first to consider individual criminal cases involving officials or personnel present or past from a State not party to the Rome Statute with respect to acts or omissions committed during an established or authorized United Nations operation.
It is also the reasoning that the Secretary-General followed before the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
In particular, the International Criminal Court, of which 90 States are now parties, has become a reality, given the election this year of its 18 judges and the Prosecutor and the forthcoming appointment of its Registrar.
Although the Eldoret Declaration was signed by all the factions involved in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, the majority of these factions have continued to combat and import or receive weapons.
The first recipient of weapons and ammunition from the Ethiopian Government that was identified was Ali Mahdi.
According to British customs officers in Nairobi and London, heroin is being smuggled into Somalia by South Asian vessels to be transported to Africa and West.
Singapore
The political turmoil that marked its first year in power had completely damaged the country in material terms.
The legislation in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and establish an effective protection system so that United Nations and associated personnel can carry out their security missions.
Although it had only begun its work less than two years earlier, it had already achieved tangible results.
The Friends of Fish consider that fisheries subsidies are harmful to the environment and cause depletion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
In particular, it served as a forum for the development of common language for United Nations staff on the prevention of armed conflict through interaction and exchange of experience.
The consulting actuary was also responsible for proposing alternative approaches for funding future after-service health insurance liabilities.
The management service contracts between UNDP and various donors have all been implemented by UNOPS.
Table 7 Distribution by region of expenditure on management services contracts for the financial periods ended 31 December 2002 and 31 December 2001
Table 8 summarizes the accounts of the reserve for field accommodation.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of the 16 indictees for the culture of marijuana were women.
The church is probably the most influential institution in Samoa's society.
In practice, the police have made it necessary for a woman police officer to be present when a victim of domestic violence or sexual abuse is reported.
The Overseas Financial Centre is headed by a Legal Officer and its staff includes another Legal Officer.
Teenage pregnancies continue to be of particular importance in rural areas, and there is a general pattern of concerted efforts to marry the girl as soon as possible for fear that the situation will not recur, which would result in punishment of the family involved by the village council, usually the girl child.
Non-governmental organizations
Every effort should be made to revive this process without delay, while at all costs preserving the norm established 30 years ago and still validly against biological weapons.
This legislation is of great importance to Armenia, as it creates an adequate legislative basis for the future strengthening of the export control system in the country, one of the key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance represent a particularly important challenge for our time and an imperative in building a world that ensures the development of nations in universal harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation by Belgrade to the Mission to join in the search for a solution to the practical issues related to the opening of two new border crossing points in the Kosovo border area of Serbia and Montenegro and Macedonia.
Accordingly, the United Kingdom fully supports the “standards before status” policy.
I join Council members in thanking Mr. Annabi for his briefing and for the information he provided to us.
India will, if necessary, provide further details on its comments and will participate in discussions to address the issues raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 269th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) as Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla (Cuba) and Mr. Ravan A. G. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) as Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta) as Rapporteur.
These include the further upgrading of the technical components of the system to ensure its continued presence on the Internet, including the UNISPAL “Question of Palestine” interface on the UNISPAL home page under “Peace and security”, and the expansion of its collection by adding new and old documents.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
Before giving them the floor, however, I would like to make some introductory remarks as Japan assumes the presidency of the Conference.
The Committee for Development Policy expected to review the issue at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General will address this issue in a forthcoming report to the General Assembly.
She would like to know more about France's vision for the future with regard to special measures.
The report covers the period since the presentation of the first ISAF III report and also presents the final assessment of ISAF III prior to the transfer of command to ISAF IV.
Comment.
(iii) The decision of the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not subject to appeal.
(6) The idea that a unilateral act is based in principle on a single State appears prima facie to be obvious.
Mr. Raytchev (Bulgaria): Like previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the United States and the United Kingdom for their comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
Therefore, combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought through sustainable development policies is a major global challenge.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has so far focused on the authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 It is expected that the objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat units located at the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support to the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and fully cooperate in the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive drug control strategy based on close cooperation between the parties concerned and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between the Guatemalan authorities and the Mexican authorities were defined in the Plan on Border Security between Mexico and Guatemala.
Countries in that region were studying all the implications of such a creation.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), taking note of Armenia's assertion that it had implemented all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, asked what it was the Council's main demand for the immediate and unconditional withdrawal of the Armenian armed forces from the territory of Azerbaijan.
Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I called on the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and full implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the United Nations Information and Communication Technologies Task Force, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The determined commitment of the Kosovo self-government authorities is crucial to breaking the power of this crime, and it is through concrete results that we judge their ability to exercise their powers.
If the situation moves towards a return to peace, UNRWA will face the demands of the transition from conflict to recovery and development, and to that end will appeal for special funds similar to that which it had launched for its Peace Implementation Programme following the signing of the Oslo Accords.
(ii) A decrease of $300,000 in requirements for maintenance of premises owing to the non-revision of the 2002-2003 budget;
1.79 Aliize health policy and service delivery standards with those of host authorities to optimize the use of resources and avoid duplication and priority conflicts.
Prevention and control of diseases
1.141 Increased computer utilization and office automation.
Table 15 Operational and technical services: resource requirements by expenditure category
Improvement of the status of women in rural areas
- Retain the word “technical” after the word “support” in the first line and insert the word “and” before the word “technical” to read “technical and effective”.
(d) To ensure that the various institutional actors take due account of the values of public service, in particular the honesty of behaviour, rational management of resources, transparency in decision-making, evaluation, accountability and commitment to providing services to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed by paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002);
Any initiative for indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
The canons have gone through, and we now seek to put Côte d'Ivoire back to work and resume our activities, as in the past, in concert with all neighbouring countries of the subregion.
This would result in a start-up of accountability that would considerably improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The exporting Authority is requested, before validating a certificate, to require the exporter to submit a statement that rough diamonds exported are not conflict diamonds.
Other progress reported is:
(c) To consider the extent to which the recommendation of the United Nations Board of Auditors that the Registrar should seek to reduce costs by designating councils that reside in the vicinity of the seat of the Tribunal may be followed, taking into account the international character of the Tribunal, and to make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the problem of late disclosure of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the weapons collection programme had experienced delays and the process of destruction of weapons had slowed.
It was also said that the distinction between contractual and real aspects was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the decision taken by the Committee at its first session, a pre-sessional working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the views of the child
(f) To allocate more resources, both financial and human, to specialized education, including vocational training and assistance to families of children with disabilities;
(a) Develop a set of measures to update children and parents on the implementation of the provisions of the Convention (through, inter alia, initiatives to reach persons who are illiterate or have not benefited from school education), civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including Sha'biyya;
(d) Continuing difficulties in raising parents' awareness of their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective mechanisms for the periodic review of the treatment of the child and of any other circumstances relating to his or her placement.
The question was therefore how to strengthen and improve the elements of the enjoyment of human rights and its control relating to persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia addressed a letter to the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, denouncing the decision as “illegal, unjust and irresponsible”, and rejecting the demarcation process.
Review of the implementation of the mandates of the General Assembly
Figure 10.
United Nations reform as such should not, however, be our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics prepared by the Electoral Assistance Division have confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344) that technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remains the most commonly requested form of assistance.
I hope that you will now endorse the updated aide-memoire as a tool to reflect the evolving protection priorities and that it will be useful for the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the protection needs and rights of civilians are reflected in the relevant Security Council resolutions and mandates.
In this regard, I would like to quote the very important resolution 1502 (2003) submitted by Mexico and adopted by the Council during the Syrian presidency of the Council in August on the protection of United Nations, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict zones.
Civilian populations must not be taken hostage by warring factions in an attempt to deny them access to humanitarian aid.
The Board's recommendations are verified by the secretariat of the Fund with respect to their compliance with the relevant United Nations rules and then submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken at the fourth session of the World Trade Organization Ministerial Conference on the review, through the Council on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, of the relationship between the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Stressing the importance of effective action by the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission on issues of impunity and accountability and the promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council has repeatedly stressed the importance it attaches to the successful conduct of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Giraldo (Colombia), Mr. Vassilakis (Greece), Mr. Gopinathan (India), Mr. Zarif (Islamic Republic of Iran), Mr. Haraguchi (Japan), Mr. Kazykhanov (Kazakhstan), Mr. McIvor (New Zealand), Mr. Kolby (Norway), Mr.
At the outset, I would like to emphasize three points regarding the drug situation in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for its generous and continuing role in leading the fight against drugs.
States cannot act in isolation in the face of this problem.
(d) Effective risk management and internal control systems; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to expedite extradition proceedings and to simplify the evidentiary requirements relating thereto in respect of the offences to which this article applies.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such crimes, where they are located or where the other persons concerned are located;
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that this article is not intended to require the prosecution of minor offences.
The requested State Party should consider renouncing its request for a final judgement in cases where the judgement cannot be obtained because the offender cannot be prosecuted for death, flight or absence or in other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit adopted a directive developed with the assistance of the Programme Funding Office on the systematic review of country office oversight mechanisms on fund-raising, management of other resources contributions and reporting to donors on the use of funds.
Each centre organizes three to five training courses per year, in collaboration with national authorities, various United Nations system organizations and programmes (including UN-Habitat, UNDP, UNEP, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank Institute and the Global Compact Office), international associations of elected representatives (such as the Inter-Parliamentary Union, the World Association of Cities and Local Authorities, the Latin American Federation of Cities and Municipalities, and the United States Federation of Latin America).
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination has been maintained as a basic principle for negotiations.
“(f) The status of the programmes for the destruction of anti-personnel mines referred to in articles 4 and 5, including details on the methods to be used for the destruction, the location of all destruction sites and the safety and environmental standards to be observed.”
The Internet address is http://disarmament.un.org/MineBan.nsf.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18, entitled “External debt crisis and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
Between September 2000 and April 2003, at least 12,737 Palestinians saw their homes demolished by the Israeli military forces, which invaded the cities with the support of tanks, armoured vehicles and helicopters and destroyed houses with explosives while their inhabitants were still there.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore absolutely essential in this struggle.
On the latter point, I will not go into details.
Madam President, I thank you for organizing this meeting and thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), for his very comprehensive report and for his concrete proposals to improve the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) and the continued threat posed by Al-Qaida.
Lastly, she would ensure that the Secretariat took into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain regarding the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (Programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of the proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have provided examples of other producers of official statistics who are developing and publishing statistics in their own field of activity.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remained firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and the agreements reached at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences and called for the speedy and full implementation of the 13 practical steps agreed at the 2000 Review Conference.
ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians of the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after the cessation of active hostilities, a time when civilian casualties are often high.
Chairperson's summary
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it had intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring the universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the consideration of human rights issues, as affirmed in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993,
The unfortunate Depayin incident on 30 May 2003 influenced many of the conclusions of the Special Rapporteur's interim report (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the emergency situation resulting from the prolonged drought and the effects of a long conflict.
Nepal therefore urged the High Commissioner to examine this issue further.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
When the debate is limited and a member or representative exceeds the time allotted to him, the President shall call him to order without delay.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Article 87
Article 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
Reports, official decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention shall be distributed by the Secretariat to all members of the Committee and to interested States parties and, as decided by the Committee, to the members of its subsidiary bodies and to other interested recipients.
States Parties shall submit to the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on the steps they have taken to give effect to their commitments under this Convention, within one year of the entry into force of the Convention for the State party concerned.
In carrying out their mandates, rapporteurs may, with the consent of the Committee, make the necessary visits to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of his or her functions, the Chairman shall remain under the authority of the Committee.
Article 71
Systematic violence in the Mambasa-Komanda region was perpetrated during three different periods:
On 12 October, soldiers of the Argentine Republic forcibly entered the witness's house in Mambasa.
All respondents confirmed that there were many cases of rape of girls, some of whom were barely 10 years old.
It is on the basis of the Team's report that a new trial was initiated against 27 suspects from the forces of the Republic of Uzbekistan.
Global road safety crisis
Once the designation has been made, this entity is subject to a set of sanctions prescribed by the Terrorism Suppression Act.
A working group of experts, including representatives from various countries and organizations in the Pacific and assisted by two editors (New Zealand and Australia), is currently drafting the model provisions.
Expedited procedure for review of eligibility for mechanisms
Their role should be clarified and their authority and responsibilities better defined.
Of the $42.8 million for the financial period ended 30 June 2002, only $28.4 million, or 66 per cent, had been disbursed at the end of the biennium.
OIOS recommended that the Office urgently establish appropriate mechanisms to address the increased number of applications received through the Galaxy system; promote mobility by ensuring improved conditions of service at the various duty stations and the streamlining of administrative procedures; ensure that the e-PAS is linked to a tangible reward system and staff input to the implementation of organizational goals; and systematically ensure that the functions of the new staff are managed through a systematic effort to ensure that the e-PAS is linked to the implementation of organizational goals.
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors conduct an evaluation of the capacity and professional skills of OIOS to provide internal audit services for the administrative and investment activities of the Fund, in accordance with generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pension funds, and report on the evaluation at its next audit for the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Investigation of the misuse of an office computer
Financial institutions are required to report on a regular basis any suspicious business transaction and to closely monitor any irregularities.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has considered the report carefully, with the assistance of its experts, and has written to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments.
This offence is committed by any person who intentionally organizes or facilitates the entry into the national territory of an individual of whom he or she knows, or has reasonable grounds to assume, is a clandestine immigrant or intends to seek asylum.
The number of women in positions of official representatives at the national and local levels, as well as the level of women's participation, are shown in previous tables.
- Establishment of formal committees in institutions to assess and report on the situation of university women.
13.3 The Government is committed to providing a contributory pension scheme as wide as possible to as many categories as possible and is aware that persons who cease employment to take up family responsibilities may be disadvantaged in terms of social security.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Family Violence Act), which, inter alia, deals with restraining judgements and protection judgements and gives the Garda broad powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The next revision of the Charter will highlight the possibility of formally refusing to use information services.
Stressing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, Newcolonialism, aggression, foreign occupation and domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is essential for the full enjoyment by men and women of their rights,
Article 12
States Parties shall accord to men and women the same rights with regard to the law on the right of persons to freedom of movement and to choose their residence and domicile.
Workshops
It could also request Working Group I to cooperate closely with Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on aspects of procurement legislation relevant to electronic commerce.
- Request for information under section 44 (1) of the Banking Act in connection with the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against institutions in the United States (Rundschreiben_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Committee decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly that:
While these events have limited the growth of GDP in the region, the uncertainty created has been reflected in most of the region's fellowships, where the general trend in 2002 has been declining on a few occasions, albeit on a minor basis.
Such plans include improved forecasting, early warning systems and continuous communication between disaster-prone areas or communities and authorities.
UNESCO, ICSU and several affiliated organizations will promote biodiversity conservation activities in which remote sensing and GIS will be a major focus.
Thematic discussions on the items were held and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights on the prohibition of forced evictions,
Welcomes the continuing use of the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement by the Representative of the Secretary-General in his dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and other relevant actors, and requests him to continue his efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on preparing its deployment inside the country.
The remuneration of the other two judges is provided for in the proposed budget for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Trial Section 1
Elections will be tripled, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Chief Ominayak and the Lubicon Lake Band v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX A, para.
Bangladesh is governed largely by the codes of civil and criminal procedure established during the British regime.
It has published and distributed booklets throughout the country explaining the procedure to be followed and the need for birth registration and marriage registration to raise public awareness and to obtain active cooperation.
Response to Recommendation 460: In its development plans, the Government has taken a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the evolving nature of requests for assistance and the increasing need for certain types of specialized medium-term assistance to support and strengthen the capacity of the requesting Government, in particular the capacity of national electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age for marriage was the same for men and women and whether it was 18 years old.
UNDP intends to provide greater support to the national reconciliation process, social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of his report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257), and stressed that globalization did not take into account the right to employment.
His country continued its efforts to improve cooperation with the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/....
At the closing date of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of the 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration provided for in article 14, paragraph 1.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 9 of the Convention
However, the periodic report refers mainly to measures taken to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts where the Greek and Macedonian minorities are traditionally concentrated.
They claim that Denmark has violated article 2, paragraph 1 (d), and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant claims, in support of this assertion, that according to a decision of the High Court of the Eastern Region of 5 February 1999, an incident of racial discrimination does not in itself constitute a violation of the honour and reputation of a person within the meaning of article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“Mr. Chairman,
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno, Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted in the context of the proposed programme budget in the future.
A general and succinct description of the activity will be provided in section B.3.1, with information on, for example, the effects of GHGs and the type and extent of the technology used (e.g. installed power, production).
Environmental, economic and sociocultural impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica had become a sponsor of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above) would considerably address this problem.
Developing countries must be provided with the means to implement, in the form of new and additional financial resources, concessional technology transfer and capacity-building.
The third World Water Forum, held in Japan, developed an action plan to identify a number of projects worldwide and to establish a network of web sites to accelerate water activities.
(A breakdown of expenditures for these activities is provided in the annex to the present document.
24.61 The amount of $2,995,200 (increase: $465,700) provides for: (a) the continuation of 10 posts (four Professional posts, six General Service (Other level)); (b) the cost of the delayed impact of the establishment of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) in the biennium 2002-2003; and (c) non-post requirements for the operation of the Office.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system and its unique capacity and practical experience in coordinating assistance in conflict and post-conflict situations, inter alia, in protecting and respecting human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $458,000
Office of the Chief of Staff
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, the final recommendations without a vote.
Rule 103 provides that elections shall be held by secret ballot, unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of an election to a post only one candidate.
(ii) One representative from an Asian State;
(c) Strengthening of international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study, mitigate and minimize the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to it at its fifty-eighth session a report on the status and implementation of the Agreement for the Implementation of the Provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982 relating to the Conservation and Management of Straddling Fish Stocks and Highly Migratory Fish Stocks, and related instruments, and on the implications of its entry into force for the Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982.
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under the items entitled “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the question biennially from its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects3
World Solidarity Fund
Promoting youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the further progress made in the work of the United Nations system on children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake a comprehensive assessment of the scope and effectiveness of the measures taken by the United Nations system, including recommendations to strengthen, mainstream, integrate and continue those activities, and to submit his findings to the Assembly at its fifty-seventh session.
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility for the results and relevance of the General Assembly and other organs of the United Nations lies with Member States alone. No reform will be able to remedy this situation, as long as those who are in a position to decide seem to be determined to hamper the work that we are all supposed to work.
The Millennium Declaration, as well as the Monterrey conferences on financing for development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development, have given rise to great hope in the international community, particularly in developing countries, to see the emergence of a stable, just and united socio-economic order.
That goal can be achieved only through a multilateral and comprehensive approach and through the development of transparent strategies that would enable us to liberate the world from nuclear weapons.
- Sports competitions in different types of national sports, support to schools, sections and sports circles for children and young people and acquisition of sports materials.
The outreach programme for Latin America and the Caribbean, which addresses the needs of particularly endangered poor localities, has continued to focus on developing innovative information and education tools and forging partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy secretariat who acts as Secretary.
Barriers to market access, including tariff increases and inflation, restrict developing country exports.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova to serve on the Committee for a period of three years, beginning on 1 January 2001.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of laws, regulations and/or procedures, which in your country can control transfers of such funds or assets to identified persons and entities, including:
The Council must also strengthen the political framework of the peace process — in a word, rededicate itself to the momentum of this peace process, which, of course, has progressed, as I said at the present time, but which needs to be put back on track.
We believe that what is important for someone is also urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of an Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, in which Brazil participates.
We will recall the Security Council meeting of 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region in the maintenance of peace and security, which culminated in the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy Executive Director
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “the Council has placed the burden on Iraq to fulfil its obligations and disarm, and not on inspectors to find what Iraq has tried to conceal for so long.
It is normal that there is a multitude of information related to the organization and administration of these sites and that it has no connection with the mandate of the inspection teams or with weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The uneven situation with regard to the counterparts that could be provided, given the lack of skills inherited by Timorese society, is another constraint.
The majority of East Timorese continue to engage in subsistence farming with highly rudimentary means of production.
Even as our bilateral relations flourish at all levels, we urge the international community and the United Nations to support this process.
First, many observations were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Court of Appeal should therefore be sworn in later this week.
(b) The project database is divided into two sections: United Nations projects and projects conducted by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; it contains project descriptions and funding needs;
(e) 1.17 “Performing party” means a person other than the carrier that physically performs [or undertakes to perform] [or does not perform all or part of] any of the carrier's obligations under a contract of carriage for the purpose of the carriage, handling, custody or storage of the goods, to the extent that it acts, directly or indirectly, at the request of the carrier or under the supervision or supervision of the carrier.
The order of definitions was amended in line with that suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of adding a paragraph 1 bis to variant C, which would read “1 bis.
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is being implemented by more than a third of Member States, including some high-income countries, to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of contaminated needles.
Most police information systems that have records in accordance with the Schengen Convention operate as a national database accessible through the Internet and are either fully operational or in the trial phase.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces at the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a grant agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to help people infected and affected.
Like most of the countries in the region, Zimbabwe depended primarily on donor support for its HIV/AIDS programmes, but that support had declined since 1999.
Therefore, the President of the Republic has enacted a law that defines the responsibility of the Chilean State for the prevention of AIDS and sets the objective of promoting prevention and non-discrimination against people living with the disease.
Venezuela had benefited in recent years from the development of cooperation with UNIDO in such areas as combating mercury pollution, developing agro-industries and the timber industry, promoting investment, exports and technology.
Concrete implementation of the projects under this comprehensive framework requires a determined effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that the financial implications of €447,836 be included in the programme budget for 2004 under Major Programme 4, Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to guarantee to all persons brought before a court or court under their jurisdiction the right to be present at its trial and to defend itself or to have the assistance of a lawyer of his or her own choosing;
In 2001, a Ministry for Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, was established.
Given the contribution of women in the economic and social sector, policies should be adopted as soon as possible to address the social, economic and cultural problems they face.
The International Organization for Migration (IMO) has made the fight against trafficking one of its priorities and cooperates with various United Nations bodies and agencies in this regard.
Pakistan welcomed the progress already made in that regard and called for the implementation of procedures relating to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) basic radiation protection standards in that regard.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) expressed his disappointment at the outcome of the recent Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) in Cancun, and lamented the lack of agreement on tariff cuts and agricultural subsidies, which would have generated US$ 500 billion in income for rich and poor countries and helped to lift some 144 million people out of poverty by 2015.
If nothing is done to address it, the injustice of economic globalization will turn the problems of the third world back on the first, and poverty, terrorism and disease will also become globalized.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya had proposed to overcome the problems that impeded its development, both in urban and rural areas and in the desert, but its task was complicated by the presence of mines on its territory.
The tragic plight of the Aral Sea is an example of the problems.
Mr. Bueser (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly for the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action was a milestone on the path to the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hoped that the international protection of the rights of migrant workers, especially women migrant workers, who were the most vulnerable to discrimination would be ensured.
In order to provide a fair and rational way of knowing what can reasonably be presumed in relation to a description of the goods provided by the shipper, the instrument should be modified as proposed in paragraphs 153 and 154 of the commentary.
They often rely on the assistance of the relevant services of other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence allowance for activities outside the Organization
(Cancelled)
Rule 207.18
(iv) Where the educational institution is too distant to be able to travel on a daily basis to the area where the staff member is serving and, in the opinion of the Secretary-General, there is no school in that area that is appropriate to the child, the amount of the grant shall be calculated at the same rates as those specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
His delegation could not support the proposal to consolidate the accounts of peacekeeping operations, which was inconsistent with the Financial Regulations and Rules in force and could reduce the oversight that the General Assembly could exercise on each mission.
She wished the Secretariat to indicate what it had done to recruit local staff for the Force in accordance with the relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO has participated in a total of 66 mangrove projects in 35 countries.
Group 1
(d) It is important to review the implementation of past projects (results, possible follow-up, etc.) and to disseminate lessons learned from these experiences.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraphs 26 and 27 above, an amount of 20,051,150 dollars, comprising:
During the reporting period, a new Government was installed in Afghanistan, with the assistance of the international community.
The removal of these obstacles is the case of all, and much more active engagement is expected from the international community.
This expansion of the work programme makes it difficult for UNCITRAL to coordinate with the parallel initiatives of various organizations in such areas as e-commerce, dispute resolution, insolvency, transport law, security rights and private financing infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supported the continuation of work on the two draft counter-terrorism conventions, which should be completed expeditiously.
It is clear from the roster that:
Monitoring the implementation of this resolution must be carried out in an environment of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which was due in August 1996, received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) Adopt measures to improve the material conditions of detention in prisons and to avoid both violence between prisoners and the use of violence against prisoners by prison staff.
2.4 At the same time, the Ljubo Radovic police officer was travelling to Bozova Glaica district to tell his Roma inhabitants that they had to leave immediately.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to provide reparation and compensation to victims of an act within the meaning of that provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that at no time did the complainant give details of the alleged torture.
He claims that his voluntary return to Sri Lanka would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has ascertained, as required under article 22, paragraph 5 (a), of the Convention, that the same matter has not been and is not being examined under another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
2.2 Upon his arrest, the Spanish authorities first requested his extradition, but the request was subsequently withdrawn because of an error on the person.
(b) The contested statement should be an essential element of the charge against the author of the communication;
5.4 As to the evidence to support the allegations that Mr. Azurmendi made his statements under torture, the complainant refers to a CPT report on the specific period during which the contentious statements took place and that:
The complainant's grandfather is the mother's nephew of Abdullah Öcalan.
1.3 By note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its observations on the admissibility and merits of the complaint; it also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures in accordance with rule 108, paragraph 7, of its rules of procedure.
By granting Spain's extradition, the Federal Office of Justice had de facto accepted evidence obtained through torture.
b No further clarification is given regarding these problems.
a Number of respondents: 65.
In the meantime, it would be coincidental that too much could be done in this area, as contradictions and inconsistencies could be created with the various private international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
The framework for peacekeeping and the resolution of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, would, unfortunately, justify this change of attitude.
Observer status for the East African Community in the General Assembly (A/58/232 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division is working closely with UNDP in the areas of the compilation and analysis of indicators, compliance with agreed definitions and standards and data needs.
The first research has already yielded solid results and has produced specific research and development proposals.
i.
Stresses the essential role that political leaders and political parties can and should play in strengthening democracy by combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2003/L.11/Add.4
The extent to which an activity is in conformity with national objectives or is part of these objectives.
Therefore, they will have the greatest impact if the objectives are achieved, but they will be the most disadvantaged if their interests are not taken into account at the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Board Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with the ongoing political and legislative processes and new institutional arrangements in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint venture of the South Pacific Mining Corporation (SMSSP), controlled by the Kanaks, and the Canadian company Falconbridge for the construction of a smelter in the North Province to deal with nickel from the Koniambo mountains.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand decreased by 34 per cent and that from Japan by 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea, inter alia, stated that, while the goodwill of all parties concerned was good, consideration of the issues of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should be advanced.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would take approximately four weeks from the date on which a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by the aerial bombardment in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action taken
In particular, it provided a detailed analytical commentary on the draft, which was published by UNCITRAL as a working paper of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/SDTE/TLB/4).
The estimated requirements for civilian personnel for the 2003/04 period, covering 256 international staff, 282 national staff and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amount to $28,314,900, reflecting a decrease of $4,938,300, or 14.9 per cent, compared to the apportionment for the period 2002/03.
(a) Financial mechanism: funding under the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance for the major diamond producing, selling or working countries of participating in the Kimberley Process self-regulation system,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
Thus, in the final analysis, the new proposals, while apparently challenging, seem not only in practice in the light of the level of coordination required, the broad range of actors that would necessarily be involved and the long duration of the reporting cycle, but may lead not to simplification of processes but to their complication by adding a new level of work, thus increasing the task of recipient countries and other actors.
It has cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the bodies, providing comments and observations at the request of various United Nations bodies, organizing conferences and seminars, publishing books and booklets on selected issues considered by the United Nations system and conducting persuasion.
Table 1 compares the estimates for the biennium 2004-2005 (at 2004-2005 rates), the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 57/293 of 20 December 2002 and the actual expenditures and income for the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report be produced, on an experimental basis, in time for submission to the General Assembly at the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
One D-2, Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.).
The travel requirements for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,170,300 (before recosting), which is $74,800 higher than the appropriation for 2002-2003.
Section 26 Palestine refugees
In the future, the distribution of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and between the regular budget and extrabudgetary funds should be explained either in programme documents.
The procurement of firearms and explosives carried out in the shadow market must be reported to the prosecutor's office, to the Chief of the Federal Firearms and Explosives Act, and punishable by imprisonment and fine, and to the confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Messages
The Committee also notes with appreciation the detailed written replies submitted by the State party to its list of issues (E/C.12/Q/ICE/2).
(l) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic in small arms and collecting them (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and the measures to strengthen international cooperation in countering the world drug problem, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 12.
Additional information on UNCITRAL seminars was requested at both sessions.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author claims that his son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because, on the day of his arrest and on other occasions prior to his trial, he suffered serious ill-treatment and inhumane conditions in which he is detained.
3.1 The author claims that the persistence of the Czech authorities, including the Czech Constitutional Court, in refusing to recognize and declare that Act No. 143/1947 is a special discriminatory law and that it is as null and void, constitutes an arbitrary, discriminatory and unconstitutional violation of the author's right to enjoy his heritage and property, including his right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author further claims that there has been a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, since a violation of article 14, paragraphs 1 and 3, of the same article, which has the effect of depriving an accused of guarantees of a fair trial, is also a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 On the issue of exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the State party's arguments that initially claimed that the author's dispute was not within the jurisdiction of the courts, and in the second time that under the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, a remedy could now be brought to the courts.
The State party argues that the author's allegations are contradictory.
The Committee's reasoning in this decision was based on an interpretation of the Covenant that article 6, paragraph 1, was read in conjunction with article 6, paragraph 2, which does not prohibit the imposition of capital punishment for the most serious crimes.
On the same day, the author's counsel also submitted an application for judicial review, which was rejected by the President of the Criminal Chamber of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Consequently, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and this part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author claims that his rights were violated, as he was arrested and charged without any proof of his involvement in criminal activity and was brutalized by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his statement of appeal, the author requested a review of the evaluation of the evidence which he considered to be false.
As to the applicability of the statute of limitations, in relation to both his application to the Constitutional Court and the criminal proceedings initiated, the author states that in both cases it was impossible under the anti-constitutional military regime at the time to prosecute torturers of political dissidents within the prescribed time limits.
Since the State party has not made a false statement against this claim, nor has it provided any other relevant information on the manner in which executions of capital punishment are carried out, due weight must be given to the author's claim.
4.16 Secondly, the State party argues that the author has failed to demonstrate how the actions of the Government have interfaced his family life.
6.2 As to the length of the period prior to the trial, the Committee observes that the dates for determining, in the present case, the length of delay occurred on the dates on which the author's arrest and trial took place, and not on the dates given by the author, namely the date of the alleged crime, the date of the murder, and the date of the commencement of the trial.
It is not required to use only the documents available to the original hearing of the case and may take into account the elements that were not known when the original decision was rendered.
The Committee also considers that the State party has incorrectly asserted that it would not have been entitled to a pension under article 13 of the Act on Veterans' Benefits, and argues that neither of the two bodies responsible for reviewing the claim has cast doubt on its ability to meet the criteria set out in the various paragraphs of article 13.
5.2 As to the Committee's ratione temporis jurisdiction, the author considers that he and his family are the victims of a continuous violation of article 7, as they always ignore the whereabouts of the person concerned.
Witnesses:
He contends that the Peruvian judges could have declared the constitutionality of this text if they had been submitted to a complaint alleging that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, this time period does not commence from the notification of the judgment, but from the last notice.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance for the voluntary return of prisoners to those areas.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed consideration of the application indefinitely.
The authors invoke the decision of HEOC to the extent that it includes an assessment of the facts of the case, which reinforces their argument that the Commissioner has taken a wrong decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to cancel the decisions of the Qualification Committees and to return them to the police.
The authors have brought to justice in the cases of Tamil, Aurunden 1997 and Korssjofjell and the authors' claims in the last two cases are pending, but they have not made a request for expropriation in the first of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner were relayed by the Western Fjords District Court, which found, with reference to the judgement of the Supreme Court in the Valdimar case, that article 7, paragraph 2, of the Fisheries Management Act was contrary to articles 65 (right to equality) and 75 (employment ban) of the Constitution.
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, observed that such prohibitions “are fully compatible with the right to freedom of expression as provided for in article 19, whose exercise entails special responsibilities and duties”.
He immediately informed the judge that he intended to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that mutatis mutandis the same principle must apply in the present case.
3.3 The author claims to have exhausted domestic remedies and states that the case has not been submitted to another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
In addition, the Council of State emphasizes that a dual remedy may be brought before the Permanent Depression or Judicial College at first instance, and then before the State Appeals Council and that these bodies may order investigative measures.
Thus, by order of the Minister of the Interior of 16 March 2001, the author was recognized on 13 months of military service for seniority during his promotion at the sixth step of the body of the main attachés of Prefecture.
In addition, the amount that the State was sentenced to pay for procedural costs was paid.
Canada, chapter XII, annual report A/48/40/ Vol. II.
6 See Case Caballero Delgado and Santana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (Anti-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/Ser.L/V III.33 Doc.4); id.
The State party refers to similar observations made by the State party in Pauger v. Austria (communication No. 415/1990), Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
France), decision of 3 April 1989.
Meetings
While some staff members have been actively opposed to the new appointments, the will of the Government is gradually being sought.
Security is therefore of crucial importance, whether it is the safety of electoral personnel or the ability to participate freely in the elections.
However, the Judicial Reform Commission has made progress in the areas of infrastructure rehabilitation and training.
The situation of women is still poor.
Recalls Economic and Social Council decision 2001/36 of 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, organizations of indigenous people, the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues and all existing mechanisms, procedures and programmes within the United Nations system, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, to submit to the Council as soon as possible and in any event in 2003 the necessary information;
The proposed analysis identifies who can legitimately take place at the negotiating table and the items to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of an interregional workshop in support of the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in Small Island Developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
To that end, two basic requirements must be met, namely, the existence of a vacant post to which no Azerbaijani citizen has the necessary vocational training or skills and the inability of job placement services to find a candidate for local job applicants who meets the criteria set by the employer.
Rest and lunch breaks are not counted as working hours.
In 1997, amendments and additions were made to the Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities Act 1992, which became the Disability Prevention and Rehabilitation and Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities Act.
The same article also provides that children who cannot be integrated into formal pre-schools because of their physical or mental disability are accommodated in specialized pre-school institutions.
The results of the eight finalists were reported to WIPO to involve them in the international competition involving students in the licence and control of 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) The national budget;
(d) Agriculture;
The challenge of good governance is at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play an essential role in the field of arms proliferation.
This could lead to a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
This booklet contains guidelines and information on the various options available once compulsory school has been completed.
One of the Centre's priorities for the coming years is the implementation of a feminist study programme at the University of Iceland.
The committee published a programme for an equal rights policy for the Icelandic University for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall determine the salaries and allowances of the officials of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, in accordance with the standards of the United Nations common system.
b “In Ghana, Hope Arrives via Satellite”, International Herald Tribune, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with IMF
(c) To continue to include in the agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para.
The Committee notes with concern that adopted children cannot know the identity of their natural parents, even by their majority and even if they are found to be in their best interests.
(a) The enactment of new legislation and the adoption of several national strategies and programmes, including: decision No. 347/2002 on national programmes in the field of child protection, street children and children in institutions; Law No. 678/2001 on trafficking in persons; Law No. 197/2000 on domestic violence and on the strategy for children;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, ILO Convention No. 138 concerning Minimum Age for Admission to Employment and ILO Convention No. 182, concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour, ratified by the State party:
(a) To undertake information campaigns at all levels and in all regions, with a view to eliminating negative attitudes towards Roma throughout society, in particular among authorities such as the police and professionals who provide health, education and social services;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their reports on a regular and timely basis.
(b) Develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of migration, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as the monitoring and collection of data on racist acts;
(d) Ensure that the Family Council has sufficient resources to carry out its mandate.
At the national level, there is increasing recognition of the need to consider development goals and policies from a human rights perspective (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical measures, to ensure progressively, through all means, and in particular through the adoption of legislative measures, the full realization of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms constitutional law, with respect to workers in the private sector and public enterprises, to establish, without prior authorization, the organizations they deem appropriate.
This period is considered effective for payment of wages regardless of the agreed remuneration system.
Information on the current living standards of the population
Households who, even if they spend their full income on meeting their food needs, are considered indigence, cannot adequately meet them.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of built housing units reached a total of 1,076 843, an annual average of 107,684 units.
As a percentage of the population and housing stock, this year accounted for less than 4 per cent of the population and only 3 per cent of the housing stock.
State housing programmes
With regard to health sector activities, some researchers believe that more than half of the decrease in infant mortality is associated with the expansion and coverage of health services.
However, there are still very binding judicial provisions and procedures for the media and journalists.
FIM: Mining Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Act No. 19070 of 1996.
However, it is important that the facts relating to violent crimes against women be made public in a dignified and respectful manner in which the victim's privacy is respected.
The conclusions of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be a matter of urgency.
Japan hopes that all States will do their utmost to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and build on the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete action at the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms and light weapons during the period between us and the Second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If none of the three options obtain the majority of votes, the least votes will be eliminated and a new referendum will be held to allow voters to make a choice between the two remaining options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, determines who is entitled to vote.
• Women with higher educational levels want fewer children.
Kunst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure for the International Meeting to Review the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
xi.
In their final communiqué, the 10th Islamic Summit Conference, held in Malaysia last month, invited the Security Council to endorse the road map for the achievement of peace in the Middle East and to put in place a mechanism for its timely implementation.
It is important here to lay the three main foundations of this objective, as they show our determination to keep this theme in the long term.
However, the Israeli representative claims that the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption on the part of the Palestinians.
Armenia continues to implement, for almost 10 years now, its policy of blockade of the autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan of Nakhchivan, thus inflicting enormous suffering on the civilian population of that part of the country.
Likewise, it is imperative that the Government and civil society work together to encourage the growth and development of our children.
Last year, the States Members of the United Nations adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, entitled “A world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have free access to health care and education, which is compulsory.
At the same time, it has managed to reduce expenditures through energy-saving measures.
Welcomes the adoption of the Convention for the Protection of the Intangible Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003;
The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission to Guinea-Bissau, to be led by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, which will be the first part of a comprehensive mission to West Africa, and awaits its conclusions and recommendations.
The United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) is guided by the principle of “property” of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Insolvency Law.
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
However, the unofficial translation of article 3 of the Act, which describes national measures to implement international sanctions, can be provided.
Annex
As a result, no person struck by such a measure shall be granted entry visas to consulates in Lebanon or to public safety.
Subsequently, the Dominican Republic, Albania, Andorra, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Colombia, Ecuador, El Salvador, Estonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Fiji, Georgia, Ghana, Guatemala, Honduras, the Marshall Islands, Iceland, India, Kazakhstan, Madagascar, South Africa, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the draft resolution.
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To examine the question of the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider reviewing and, where appropriate, revising their immigration policies with a view to eliminating all unfair practices against migrants and their families and to providing specialized training to officials responsible for policy-making, law enforcement, immigration and other services, including through the involvement of non-governmental organizations and civil society, and stressing the importance of creating an effective environment for creating a culture of harmony;
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and that it is essential to ensure the full enjoyment of those rights and freedoms by persons with disabilities without discrimination of any kind,
Thus, not only the occupying Power has decided to physically reoccupy the areas under full Palestinian control under the agreements reached, but it seems that it has now decided to take over civil affairs in those areas.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 by which the Governing Council of UN-Habitat approved the establishment of the Special Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian People and the Technical Cooperation Trust Fund with a budget of $5 million for an initial period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a generalized system of preferences, agreed at the second session of the Conference in 1968, will successfully reflect an innovative approach to the issue of developing countries' access to markets in industrialized countries.
International disciplines and commitments — essential for the establishment of a rule-based international economic regime — are beginning to expand to areas that in the past were the sole responsibility of national Governments.
Special and differential treatment may be useful in addressing economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing and developed countries.
What should be the role of government?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
There will be a meeting of the Joint Coordination Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The above-mentioned Convention was adopted at the plenary meeting of the General Assembly on 31 October 2003 at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken special measures, although not limited to kidnapping cases, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims appearing before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane as Deputy Special Representative in Asmara.
After the completion of its work of 50 minutes, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at http://www.itu.int/wsis/documents.
At present, we still do not have the answers we need to address key questions on Iraq's past production of chemical and biological weapons, on what remains its capacity and on its current possible programmes.
Population density and distribution have influenced emissions from transport and habitat.
Some provide for a net increase in emissions from this sector despite the measures implemented, adopted and planned.
(c) Asile and refuge several delegations stressed the need to link the obligation not to grant asylum or refuge to persons suspected of involvement in enforced disappearance, with the need to refrain from returning such persons to a State where they might be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious human rights violations.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures might be needed, however, because in their deliberations the specialized intergovernmental bodies generally focused on substantive issues and did not consider the role of the Secretariat, i.e. the activities envisaged in the programme of work.
(f) The format and timing of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
That date is therefore particularly timely to speak of the non-permanent members of the Security Council, who together with the permanent members uphold the principles of the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
A discussion will now begin to embark on a review of the sanctions regime.
As the Committee focuses on strengthening legal and administrative measures and on mobilizing international cooperation and coordination for that purpose, my delegation, without wishing to divert attention from this effort, would like to emphasize other aspects that could be considered and also mentioned in the report, particularly in South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to know and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and associated individuals and entities could unite disparate ethnic and national groups using their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations3 and the funds and programmes of the United Nations for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations;2
31.35 The main task of the High-level Committee on Management is to guide the work of the United Nations system on system-wide administrative and management issues and to promote inter-agency cooperation and coordination on these issues on behalf of CEB.
My question is: What can we expect in the area of new contributions? Because, as previous speakers have said, this process will be long, and will require significant funding, including special coordination and cooperation from other countries with the lead country.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braun, for their briefings, which have led to so many relevant questions on Afghanistan, although some of these questions have been answered more or less.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report monthly to managers on the discrepancies identified and intends to consider options to improve the updating of regional inventories.
(b) Staff at Headquarters and in the field should be sufficient to meet the volume of air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces (UNPF)d
United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNOMSIL)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to promote the use of identification systems, including the application of the Object-ID norm, and to encourage the establishment of links between these systems and existing databases, including that of the International Criminal Police Organization (Interpol), to enable the electronic transmission of information to reduce trafficking in cultural property, and encourages the continuation of such cooperation;
The political process must therefore be broad and open enough to allow all Afghans who wish to participate in good faith in political life to do so and not be left behind, which is increasingly encouraging them to join the ranks of those who are actively undermining the peace process.
Let me now offer a more precise description of the situation by providing the Council with the latest information on specific events that have taken place in Afghanistan since last December's briefing.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep conviction that security is a indivisible and must benefit all.
That could be done if we were to leave old reflexs and abandon nuclear doctrine.
Given the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution will enjoy the broadest possible support from States parties and States not parties to the Convention.
In line with this view, at a ministerial meeting of the Quartet, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, presented the initiative to adopt a special Security Council resolution that supports the road map.
The President: Does any other delegation wish to take the floor at this stage?
Furthermore, no consensus has yet been reached on issues such as the elimination of unilateral measures (e.g. export prohibitions imposed by producer countries and boycotts in consumer countries), as they are incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, several large timber companies are implementing environmental management systems designed to ensure that wood is from safe sources for the environment and society.
It is involved in concession management, forest plantation development and downstream processing of forest products.
(i) Urge countries and relevant organizations to continue improving systems for the timely collection and dissemination of information on the production, consumption, trade and prices of wood and non-wood forest products in order to promote market transparency.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former law, composed mainly of treaties imposed, should be repealed in their entirety and replaced by more just and equitable legislation, which would protect the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years of age, more men than women are employed because custom requires girls to remain at home later when boys are starting work early.
The rights and obligations of marriage are the same for cohabitants; witnesses can attest that a couple has lived under the same roof for at least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501)]
In its resolution 42/11, the Assembly requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to utilize the expertise and experience gained in the implementation of its global technical assistance programmes, as well as information gathered through various relevant questionnaires.
Item 8. Other trade and development issues:
UNCTAD collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa in the preparations for the Cancún Conference by participating in the High-level Meeting of African Trade Negotiators Preparatory to the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference and the African Union Trade Ministers' Meeting in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on Cancún.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries in participating in the Doha work programme in the field of trade and environment are continuing in close cooperation and coordination with the secretariats of WTO, UNEP and the United Nations regional commissions, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as with civil society.
He also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation, organized by the Kennedy School of Government, in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on 23 and 24 September 2002, in which he presented the Commission's work on ICT development indices.
We also recognize that globalization, and in practical terms the increase in international trade, offers hope for growth for our peoples.
Last year, in addressing the General Assembly, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and promised to report on progress.
In addition, women participate in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women, which is part of a coordinated and integrated system of development activities that includes mother-to-child care, consolidating equality between men and women in a society that believes in the family unit, placing gender equality and respecting family rights.
Developing countries now face challenges in the field of development, which can be addressed only through concerted international efforts and support to ensure the necessary political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
Let me address two specific criminal justice issues:
The United Nations must therefore continue to contribute to the process of restoring peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has endeavoured to apply the principles it proclaims with the utmost consistency.
Significant changes in the global balance of global forces and objectives have occurred since the inception of the United Nations 58 years ago.
In line with the conclusions of the Council of Europe at Thessaloniki, the European Union will continue to support the efforts of the Secretary-General to achieve a comprehensive, just, viable and practical solution to the Cyprus problem, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each committee shall elect its Chairman from among its members.
Persons arrested or detained must be informed of the reasons for their arrest or detention and of their right to be assisted by a lawyer.
Its most recent publication was the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21st meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered section 28, Public information, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and other relevant human rights instruments,
Also deplores that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that the officials or former officials or personnel of a troop/police contributor that is not a party to the Rome Statute shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of that State for any allegation of acts or omissions arising from or related to the United Nations multinational force or stabilization force in Liberia;
Also requests the working group to study the information presented and to share its comments and recommendations with transnational corporations, other business enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other relevant information sources;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, sponsored by Mr. Chen Shiqiu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Mbonu, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Dominicans for Justice and Peace
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could work together at a certain level to ensure an exchange of information on user needs and to have a broader objective of integrating GNSS and its supplements into basic infrastructure in developing countries.
Governments do not measure the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and disease control.
Expected outcome
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is preparing a synthesis document, which is being used by Partnership members, to assess the relationship between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, subparagraph (f), provides: “any person arrested or detained shall be formally charged and brought before the competent court within 48 hours” and “No pre-trial detention shall be held”.
(f) Support to the Peace and Security Council for humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Protocol on the Establishment of the African Union Peace and Security Council;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is an area that could benefit greatly from education and awareness-raising programmes.
Sources indicated that in a few areas, the principle of accountability was relatively well applied, but that this was largely due to the personalities concerned.
Decides to include the following items in the agenda of the third session of the Committee for the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
A statement was made by Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic.
The Development Committee intended to review this initiative, as well as the issue of debt sustainability, at its fall meeting.
The meeting will provide policymakers with an opportunity to address issues related to development cooperation.
Mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Office of Legal Affairs made several statements in explanation of the Council's rules of procedure.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
Thus, we are in a phase of launching our political tools, particularly those related to flexibility criteria.
Staff in the process of recruitment will require training beyond the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report gives us an overview of the work of the Council over the past year in its area of responsibility, namely the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) To help optimize the relevance of the results of the work of the Assembly and the Council and to ensure that arrangements are in place to monitor their effective implementation, including by linking the results of the high-level segment of the Council to the deliberations of the General Assembly;
10.16 Expected accomplishments would include: (a) the enrichment of the knowledge base, expertise and management tools of the Government and relevant institutions, with a view to improving their capacity to implement a global environmental policy; (b) the development of innovative technical cooperation agreements for the installation and use of appropriate and environmentally sound technologies; and (c) the establishment by Governments of institutional arrangements to better respond to environmental emergencies.
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary prevention of drug use among young people; diversification of treatment and rehabilitation services for drug abusers; policy and strategy development; training and capacity-building; and the identification and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 Conservation and sustainable management of forest ecosystems in Central Africa
Strategy
(d) Promoting the use of information and communication technologies and space technology applications, including by facilitating adaptation to local conditions or the transfer of best practices.
Indicators of achievement would include: (a) the number of members and associate members that have received assistance from ESCAP and the further initiatives they have taken to improve their ICT policies and the institutional framework; (b) the number of national centres for training in modern ICT and the number of technical cooperation activities among developing countries implemented with the assistance of ESCAP; and (c) the establishment of a regional cooperation mechanism on the number of space applications.
Strategy
The achievement of the targets will be determined by faster assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; more timely and coordinated interventions in disaster-affected countries; greater participation in training courses in disaster management; enhanced cooperation on the ground and in the region; and a greater donor response to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation to reduce the impact of the El Niño phenomenon
Programme 26 Least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and victory (Seoul, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Olamendi (Mexico) said that, in three years of exercise of power, the Government of Mr. Vicente Fox had laid the foundations for a full exercise of human rights.
In that connection, his delegation endorsed the Acting High Commissioner's recommendation that efforts should be made to create a culture of tolerance and respect for others, not violence.
New laws are needed, but the most important challenge lies not in the adoption of laws but in their practical implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the Fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their reduced mobility can prevent them from leaving even when water is contaminated, land is mined and supply sources are cut off.
Such services should be developed and a social contract formulated politically viable.
The statement also aims at strengthening cooperation for better enforcement of the laws, the provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and the special recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (FATF).
Ms. Knowles (Australia) said that about a year ago, 88 Australians had died and 202 were injured as a result of the terrorist attack in Bali.
However, in the exceptional cases in which organizations can be established, the relevant decisions must be binding and the creation of the new institution derives from the functions of the organization that created it.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (on Second Committee matters)
BRF has worked on specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in Fiji's financial system.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its response capacity from year to year.
The statement is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve or restore the encumbered assets, such as equipment repairors, have a security right in the encumbered assets, which usually takes precedence over security rights in the same assets as security for other claims.
Non-lethal uniforms and other equipment
The terms of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP and the corresponding project document pertaining to the Interim Authority should be expanded as necessary (capacity and resources);
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies in supporting the economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsor of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
Among men, the decline is even greater, as the proportion rose from 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, within the manufacturing sector itself, there has been a new distribution of production, which has deserted the manufacturing of shoes and clothing for electronics, engineering and health-related productions.
Family therapy is offered to families where the problem is related to drug abuse or play.
An important initiative has been the elimination of illegal ship discounts in Armière, which is being carried out jointly with the Land Department.
The land shall be returned to the owners or their heirs as if the State's acquisition had never taken place, provided that the owners attached the land to the cadastre within three months after the return.
In fact, the situation was considered unjust vis-à-vis Maltese donors, and the 1995 amendments to the Housing Ruling Ordinance, 1944, the Housing Price Ordinance, 1959 and the 1931 Ordinance on the renewal of rental of urban property make it impossible for the lease lease agreement entered into on 1 June 1995 or after that date to apply the restrictions imposed by the above legislation.
The programme includes several integrated programmes, which include: pre-construction services (e.g. frequent false counselling services, genetic counselling service), prenatal consultations, difficult deliveries, specialized baby care, periodic examinations of babies, free immunization, school health, child abuse centre and child development assessment service.
Municipal councils re-engineer and move district health clinics, while NGOs are primarily concerned about organizing the provision of special services to disadvantaged groups in the community, such as the disabled and drug abusers.
The Catholic Church provides its own school buildings and facilities, but is also responsible for maintaining and financing its possible expansion.
Candidates for university studies must have successfully undergone examination of the baccalaureate, which simply provides access to the university and must also meet the special conditions for admission to certain studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD encompasses almost all aspects of society's socio-economic and political structures, including development planning, sound economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, security, the agricultural sector, health or education, among other fundamental elements of any indicator of progress.
However, the problem we are facing in this regard is that the General Assembly-mandated forum on Security Council reform — the Open-ended Working Group on Council Reform — has not been able to make significant progress since it was established under General Assembly resolution 48/26 in 1993.
1.6 The CTC would appreciate receiving information on the conclusions reached by the Commission established by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Waqfs referred to in pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report concerning the harmonization of criminal law with terrorist offences of an international character.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and potential use of United Nations human rights instruments from a disability perspective” carried out by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Disability of the University of Galway, Ireland, at the request of OHCHR, analyses the provisions of the six United Nations human rights instruments from a disability perspective and reviews the functioning of the United Nations system on disability.
Measures taken by States 9 - 22 6
In this regard, OHCHR supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the proposed supplement thereto.
With regard to the withdrawal or modification of interpretative declarations, a simple interpretative declaration, unlike an ordinary reservation, may be formulated at all times.
The question was also raised whether it should be confined to unilateral acts in the strict or broad sense to certain types of conduct of States that might produce legal effects.
But the 26 million Iraqis deserve it.
There is an urgent need to listen to the message of inspectors mandated by the Security Council and to provide the answers to be received.
Inspections cannot continue indefinitely without prompt, active and effective cooperation in Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question
I believe that President Bush's announcement last Friday that the Quartet would present the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible and adequately empowered Prime Minister is confirmed, is an important step on which we must build.
Accordingly, the Secretary-General's proposals to reduce the additional requirements are limited to those indicated above and can be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the Commission's guidelines, the Special Rapporteur has consistently paid special attention to the issue of gender distinctions.
Applications for registration are registered in a registry (RCA).
The process of ratification of the Convention is under way.
In expected accomplishment (a), replace the words “social development issues” with the words “social development issues”.
Malawi would like all States to ensure the jealous defence and promotion of the functions and credibility of the Court and to strengthen its jurisdiction and independence. This requires vigilance and the unequivocal commitment of all States; it also requires careful selection of the officials of the Court, especially judges whose personal integrity and independence must be above all suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) — The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands notes that the courts in the Netherlands do not consider that most economic and social rights are directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members also have before them document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
It was jointly developed by the United Nations and national organizations on issues relevant to the sustainable development of oceans and the progress of oceanography, under the primary responsibility of FAO and under the leadership of a steering committee and a technical committee, which coordinated the work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
To meet the needs of the Convention for assessment, the Global Assessment should include an assessment of biodiversity at the ecosystem level, species and genotypes.
Ad Hoc Group on Global Policy Review (guidance report)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: environment and sustainable development)
She thanked the senior managers for the information provided on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in human resources management.
Expert Meeting on the Definition of Environmental Goods and Services and their Contribution to Trade and Development
In some cases, however, the poor performance of private companies and social discontent are of concern.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of the draft resolution (A/C.3/58.L.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
But there should also be policy reforms and capacity-building in developing countries.
OHCHR has also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations country team, as well as with ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The Transfer of Technology and Foreign Investment Act 1992 had liberalized FDI inflows and ensured the repatriation of profits and capital.
We expect that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and military actions faced by Palestinian civilians, the Government of Prime Minister Sharon will act in a way that supports the peace process.
The Palestinians want to put an end to the occupation, with the confidence that they will have a truly viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, as set out in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without distinction of any kind, including sex,
Most of the assistance has been provided for intensive training of teachers, administrators and evaluators at the provincial level.
The group referred to the various forms of education under article 6 and noted that there are several organized, formal and non-formal activities for children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Awareness (Chairperson: Ms. Višnja Gugasović, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauer, Switzerland)
Thus, article 139 of the Criminal Code states that: “The conspiracy to commit any of the offences referred to in this section shall be punishable by the same penalties as those imposed on the effective commission of the act”.
Article 148 as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001 is punishable by forced labour for any person who manufactures, possesses or transports knowingly any kind of explosive or inflammable material or any toxic, inflammatory, infectious, bacteriological, chemical, radiological or assimilated material, or any component thereof, to commit terrorist acts or to allow others to use them for that purpose.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening the role of the United Nations in enhancing the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and in promoting democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
The “E3” Panel found that Van Oord was entitled to compensation for some of its tangible property losses but recommended no compensation for its other claims.
It is further noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its capacity to support the Counter-Terrorism Committee when required, the Department for Disarmament Affairs should draw public attention to the risk of the use of weapons of mass destruction in terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that much remains to be done to achieve the goals and priorities set out therein;
(h) Closed-circuit television services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
They referred, inter alia, to agreements and institutions aimed at improving the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment and Coastal Environment of the South-East Pacific and the Action Plan thereto; the Convention on the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment of the Wider Caribbean Region and its Protocol on Specially Protected Areas and Wildlife; the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Arctic Ocean;
Another suggestion was that the main bodies that were to participate in the consideration of the topics entrusted to groups should prepare joint reports to be submitted to the groups at the beginning of the meetings, following which they were devoted to the scope and nature of inter-agency coordination in the areas covered, in order to supplement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea that was to be prepared for distribution prior to the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In operative paragraph 19, in the second line, the word “education” should be replaced by the word “information” and, in the fifth line, the words “decree to provide all assistance in this regard” should be replaced by the words “Welcomes the invitation extended to the Chairman of the Special Committee to attend the Constitutional Convention to be held in Tokelau in September 2003”.
In his presentation on the effects of structural adjustment on human development at a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki identified three major features of structural adjustment and stabilization programmes: they are of limited nature; they are the beautiful part of capitalism and weaken State power.
Any attempt to link the ban on any future production and the issue of existing stocks would unnecessarily prolong negotiations and undermine nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament.
(a) In the election of the additional members, the General Assembly shall respect the following distribution of seats:
According to the World Bank, housing costs increased by 12 per cent in the first 15 months of the second intifada.42, 433
EPCDAR is an implementing agency that reports directly to the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority were given to them, refugees in the camps replaced and changed their homes and added others.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea on the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union was also firmly committed to promoting gender equality and the empowerment of women and believed that the perspective of gender equality should be integrated into development strategies and policies at all levels, including in the work of the United Nations.
There are currently two women district chiefs out of a total of 141.
The World Health Organization employs four women and six men.
Despite the compulsory nature of primary school enshrined in the 1991 Constitution, the problems are acute at this level of education.
The success rate was 71 per cent and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the area of higher technical education, the following main disciplines were attendance in 1997-98:
Women dominate the trade sector, where the ratio of women to men is 2 to 1, textile production and garment, and food industry other than rice melting.
According to the study, only 37 per cent of women had already used condoms.
(BAsD, 1996; Schenk-Sendbergen, etc. 1995).
The village chief is assisted by a deputy, but of a total of 12,491 deputies, only 101 are women.
Our work on small arms has many aspects, but the human aspect must remain our guide.
We also wish to ensure the success of the 2004 Review Conference to be held in Nairobi, Kenya, which will help to achieve that goal.
At the same time, it is important to control weapons and impose restrictions in order to create an adequate balance between legitimate security needs and the unnecessary loss of innocent lives, which is the result of irresponsible policies regarding the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
Furthermore, she would like to know whether there were figures showing the number of men and women working in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. Gonzalez asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Reproductive and Sexual Rights referred to in paragraph 420 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Service on Reproductive and Sexual Health and Rights referred to in paragraph 421 were two separate or silent institutions and whether they dealt with rights in themselves or only with health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to take into account, in the context of the negotiation process, the contributions of the United Nations system and relevant international organizations;
Subsequently, the COP will hold regular meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure adopted by the COP.
The Chairman, however, hoped that each organization represented at the meeting would, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources, establish a mechanism for the exchange of information.
Other matters
“Welcomes the decision of the Government of Benin to host a regional preparatory conference in May 2004, in cooperation with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of adopting effective measures, including, where appropriate, new financial mechanisms, in support of the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, poverty reduction and the strengthening of their democratic systems, while reaffirming that each country has the primary responsibility for its own economic and social development and that national policies play a leading role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of the following countries: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Belize, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Ecuador, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Portugal, the Russian Federation, Spain and the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United States of the United States of the United States of America.
The report of the Secretary-General on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, tables 1 to 4).
One woman was appointed to the temporary position of Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (as of 1 January 2003) and another was recently appointed as the Humanitarian Envoy of the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (as of 10 January 2003).
Severe respiratory infections have shown that regional and international cooperation is essential to address the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives aimed at improving the efficiency and visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
Following the riots in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country appeared to have returned to normal.
It is necessary to ensure, through training courses and adequate support, that the standards currently being developed give rise to best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need to take this step;
[(c) [For the avoidance of doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, inter alia, to rule on all matters arising from or relating to the provisions [paragraph (b)] above];]
Mr. Nesser (Sweden) associated himself with the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/264);
Expressing grave concern at the continuation of Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, United Nations resolutions on the subject and agreements reached between the parties, including the ongoing construction and expansion of the settlements in Djabal Abu Ghounaym and Ras el-Amoud in and around occupied East Jerusalem,
International cooperation in the field of environmental protection should focus on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening of sustainable development institutions at the national, regional and local levels, as this would help developing countries to better address climate change issues.
Achieving environmental sustainability will require universal support for global environmental conventions.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by adopting the necessary laws or regulations to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement such a system as ODS, due consideration must be given to the organization of the Secretariat, as set out in Secretary-General's bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5 of 12 September 1997, according to which (section 1) “The Secretariat, which is one of the principal organs of the United Nations, has its headquarters in New York.
Level 5 is granted to representatives and allows access to documents for distribution to participants, such as conference room papers (CRP), in addition to documents available at level 4.
In reviewing the websites of organizations or organizations whose official documents are posted on ODS, it was noted that some of them did not indicate that the documents in question were available through ODS.
The initial system has responded to needs for almost 10 years, which is very much in view of the speed of technological innovation.
In some cases, the task of seizing those identifiers must be manually performed; the task is time-consuming and time-consuming (from three to six months) and it represents additional work when staff resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, on 5, 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some are even suspected of helping others acquire weapons of mass destruction, while some would seek to acquire such weapons, or are unable to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge posed by terrorism as a new and real threat on the international scene has brought a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
The session was attended by representatives of 117 States, as well as by observers for services of the United Nations Secretariat, United Nations bodies and research institutes, specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I am encouraged by the work of the Security Council Ad Hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa, the Economic and Social Council Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three areas in which ECLAC wished to act as a priority during the biennium 2004-2005, namely, policies to promote equality and reduce poverty in the region; national policies to strengthen the links between economic and social development and ongoing globalization; and integration of environmental perspectives into public policies in the region.
The first group to meet with the Director of the Plant, to which he asked about the plant's material, the problems encountered in production, as well as the effects on production.
Expressing its appreciation to those countries that continue to host Afghan refugee populations, and at the same time reiterating its call on all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations to protect refugees and displaced persons and to allow access by international agencies that can provide assistance and protection to those persons,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Special arrangements for annual or longer-term contributions to the budget by the Government of the country in which the Centre is located (hereinafter referred to as “the host Government”), by any other member of UNIDO or any intergovernmental organization having relations with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between the Governments or organizations concerned and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They pointed out that the Evaluation Office might disperse its efforts and lose efficiency.
Type: Satellite
The following year, Nauru was placed even lower: the members of the Group included it on the list of “countermeasures”, not because of the inadequacy of our laws but because the rules of the game had changed and we did not have the capacity to oversee the offshore banks registered in Nauru.
In addition to the struggle to ban weapons of mass destruction, it is absolutely urgent to address the problem of small arms and light weapons that play a role in the conflicts and insecurity that many of our countries are experiencing.
Unfortunately, it would seem that, for a very small number of Member States, the issue is not a matter of formulation or terminology, but it involves other factors that, very frankly, we have difficulty fully seizing.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account the differences between States regarding the scope of application of criminal legislation relating, inter alia, to prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornography.
Corrigendum
In addition, a few girls' schools have been established and are used as the day-to-day meals to encourage their students not to leave school.
There is no data on the level of illiteracy among rural women.
To be held on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Notes the importance of the ongoing bilateral peace negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security in promoting mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiate a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks to human beings posed by irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of the mandate contained in resolution 57/61, to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO is looking forward to working with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national action plans and to shape the implementation programme.
To date, given the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the most recent meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes are made possible; many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on the way forward in implementing all previous commitments and define new commitments for the full implementation of the objectives of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomed the results of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development, which had significantly clarified the methods and future programme of work of the Commission.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that have participated in these difficult consultations over the past few months, whose will and dedication have enabled the adoption of the resolution today.
The overall management of judicial reform and review remains the responsibility of the National Transitional Government of Liberia, with assistance provided by international expert organizations under the leadership of the United Nations through the knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[In the case of afforestation or reforestation project activities under the CDM for which CERs are issued,] a designated operational entity shall periodically verify and certify that appropriate insurance is in progress during the reporting period. ]
Amphetamine continues to be manufactured mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should have a priority to ensure that all their services work together and pool their resources and knowledge to combat drug trafficking.
Such management and use is also essential for the quality of extensive pastures and soil conservation.
Annex II
The Victorian State (Australia) supports the Fiji Police in the use of radar pistols and provides us with road safety education materials.
While those who resort to traffickers deliberately do so, they are very vulnerable to abuse during their time, including extortion by corrupt immigration officials or other law enforcement officials.
It was to be hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in the field of peace and security would renew the concept of cooperation for peace in all countries in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of General Assembly resolution 377 (V) of 1950.
The crew of the “Shenzou”, which is known as the “Discay” in Chinese, stole in outer space and has a healthy income except on Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the recent killings, violence and other violations of human rights and atrocities in Bunia, as well as the attacks against the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and internally displaced persons who have taken refuge in the Mission's premises, and reaffirms that such acts will not go unpunished and that their perpetrators will be held accountable.
Appendix A
Under the operative paragraphs of the second draft resolution, entitled “Model legislative provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects”, the General Assembly would be grateful to the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law for having completed the preparation and adoption of the model legislative provisions, request the Secretary-General to publish them and recommend that all States take due account of the model legislative provisions and the Legislative Guide on the subject.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/515)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, Rwanda, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
In public hearings, the court sentenced him to six years' and six months' imprisonment for the head of tax evasion and breached the obligation to hold accounts.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Object of reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, Chair of the SBI, and Mr. Halldor Thorgeirsson, Chair of the SBSTA, presented the objectives of each of the workshops and outlined the expected results.
The workshop, which was intended for officials from Asian countries in charge of reporting under article 18 of the Convention, focused on those States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
As the economic situation had improved, the Government had adopted a dual approach to gender equality, both to integrate a gender perspective into its strategies and to develop gender policies and programmes, which would allow it to address gender discrimination more systematically.
It also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns on the Convention be conducted for parliamentarians, including judicial and legal authorities.
In the light of all these elements, I would like once again to ask the Council to carefully consider the international measures that will ensure the necessary security for the progress of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I wish to reiterate that the Government of Kenya is committed to the full implementation of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other relevant international instruments.
The Secretary-General estimates that the costs of the Institute for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including the salaries of nine existing posts (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service), would amount to $970,300.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has proved to be effective in terms of time, effort and resources.
(b) Such guidelines will be included in the programme presentations instructions for 2004, and will include, as recommended in the staff training audit, direct costs related to the design, development and implementation of training activities financed from the administrative budget, and training projects managed by the Staff Development Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution as a whole (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document consists of three parts.
Compilation and synthesis of views on actions taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priority needs and on actions taken by Annex II Parties to implement decisions 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE can, within its verification mandate, ensure that the parties carry out their security responsibilities vis-à-vis the employees of the contractors of the Boundary Commission working in the field and intervene in extreme situations to protect human life.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs set out in this document are purely indicative.
However, only eight countries, against the 19 target, reached their completion point by mid-2003.
On 22 October 2003, between midnight and 015 hours, an Israeli enemy reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea off Beirut, 20 kilometres from the coast, heading towards Jouni and west of Shakka, 11 kilometres from the coast.
On the same day, at 2149 hours, an Israeli military boat fired a flare shell in the aforementioned waters.
The Secretariat should strictly abide by the six-week rule for the issuance of documents, as well as all relevant General Assembly resolutions and regulations, in particular the texts stipulating that the Organization should refrain from publishing documents on paper or on its website until they are available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation was never more favourable to women than in 2003.
Scotland will look into the possibility of expanding the scope of these prohibitions in the near future.
The annual budget for childcare services for 2003-2004 will be more than three times the budget for 2000-2001 and these supplementary funds are mostly earmarked for the most disadvantaged areas.
Within the policy priorities for 2002-2003, the target of 72 per cent participation by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was set.
Goals had been set for reducing unwanted pregnancies among teenage mothers, and measures were being taken to improve communication, promote education and provide women with user-friendly services.
Under the Scottish health plan adopted in December 2000, Our National Health: a plan for action a plan for change, NHS must ensure that health personnel are able, professionally and culturally, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The directors of all NHS organizations in Scotland also committed themselves to implementing this programme by signing the Leadership Challenge of the Commission for Racial Equality.
Concerted efforts have been made to improve services in rural areas, such as schools, police, day-care facilities and services.
The Court Service is developing a partnership project with advisory bodies, which could involve electronic links between proposed business centres, courtrooms and the complainant.
A strategy is being developed, with two main objectives: reaching more women and children and raising awareness of their safety and protection options; and reducing social tolerance for such crimes so that they are no longer excused, tolerated or ignored.
In this context, it seems to us that, as was stated at the last session of the Committee, there is a need for an emergency plan to accelerate this process of renegotiation of the financial amendments to those contracts.
We hope that all the issues highlighted by the head of the Office of the Iraq Programme in his report to the Council on 29 September, as yet unresolved or not agreed, can be fully resolved so that the transfer can be carried out in the best possible and timely manner.
It may be useful to anticipate, as soon as possible, the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as Mr. Philip Alston, as an independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the bleak facts and serious challenges that must be overcome and overcome if we are to achieve lasting peace and development, as envisaged in the Millennium Declaration.
Table 2 Number of donors that have made multi-year pledges to UNFPA regular resources, 2000-2003, by region (as at 28 February 2003)
In a democracy, the majority of Canadians have the responsibility to choose the rules to which they want to adhere, and in recent years the majority of Canadians have shown that they want fewer violence, both in real life and in the media.
Research has shown that, in relation to crime issues, it is necessary, if only for financial reasons, to return and focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, prior to the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided that the term of office of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November following the date of the election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted by consensus resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of the present report).
The proposed budget of the Court is dictated by its primary purpose, namely, to conduct fair public trials within a reasonable time.
A second technician maintains the data base of the Office of the Prosecutor and provides all necessary technical support for the daily use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, based on the same functional approach as that used for other major programmes, aims to ensure the greatest efficiency possible through the establishment of a common package of services at the disposal of both the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions involve the creation of three separate sub-groups within the Victims Participation and Compensation Unit in 2004, namely, the Participation Sub-Group, the Compensation Sub-Group and the Trust Fund Sub-Group for Victims.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and Documentation Section
Performance indicators
• Travel (including travel of security officers for the Prosecutor, the President, judges and deputies to high-risk areas): €952,691
It would also act as an adviser on internal legal issues related to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Deputy Executive Director explained that the amount of the contribution was only one aspect of the calculation: if the other two criteria — cash and thematic funds — were met, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
It also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the rule of law and would like more details on that issue.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not the modification of an existing reservation, but the formulation of a fully new reservation.
The Office has prepared a comprehensive document on legal and judicial reform, which reviews progress over the past 10 years, in preparation for the mid-term meeting of the Donor Advisory Group to be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also stress the need for more intensive use of measures for the peaceful settlement of disputes, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
In reviewing peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be advised on how to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in cooperation with civil society activists; the new measures have been the subject of relatively strong consensus within the governmental coalition and it is hoped that the regulations will be adopted soon.
15 and 28-31 January and 29 and 30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels is crucial to the sustainability of the human species and environment. Our traditional knowledge systems must be respected, promoted and protected; our collective intellectual property rights must be recognized and guaranteed; without the free, prior and informed consent of the holders of traditional knowledge, such knowledge should not become a public domain and cultural and intellectual property protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further clarification and proposals on the structure during the intersessional period.
It may be aggravated by 5 to 10 years and the fine of 50,000 to 1,000 CFA francs if it is established that the offender has engaged in such activity.
- 1 Under-Secretary-General;
The Civil Code, which regulates family relations, proclaims in Articles 78 and 80 that the human person is subject to the right from birth and to death and has the enjoyment and exercise of all private rights except as otherwise provided.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been put in place to ensure the effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of entry by land, permission to enter may be obtained at the border with immigration and border authorities.
Annex
There are no such differences between men and women in other diplomatic ranks.
The recognition of the values and potential for assistance that non-governmental organizations can provide to governmental institutions is reflected in the Croatian Government's Programme of Cooperation with the non-governmental non-market sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Belize) said that the exclusion of Taiwan from the United Nations violated the principles of universality and self-determination enshrined in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
Concern was also expressed that the inclusion of the phrase “or undertaking” might render the definition too broad.
However, concern was expressed that alternative B did not expressly mention the carrier's liability and that paragraph 1 of the draft article stated that the carrier was “disadvantaged from liability” without first defining that liability.
The Working Group as a whole approved the substance of the paragraph.
* “Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, India, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Pakistan, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Swaziland, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, Togo, Uganda, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current question, the United Nations must continue to play an equally crucial role in other situations of tension, such as the question of Palestine.
The Iraqi regime has always had to avoid war.
I would like to emphasize the very useful contributions of many speakers before me, who have greatly enriched our debate on this very important issue.
My delegation listened carefully to the comments made by the States Members of the United Nations during this debate.
A starting point could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles he believes should guide our decisions on the future of Iraq.
The Security Council bears, and will continue to bear, the primary responsibility for global peace and international security.
My Government is fully committed — and will continue to do so — to the fight against international terrorism.
We must be aware that there are always peoples living under foreign occupation and who under international law are entitled to resist such occupation.
We are also taking further steps to expand cooperation in this area with other Central Asian States.
The report states:
Special allocations for the “Resident Coordinator Support Line” of programming arrangements will continue to be used to support coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3 above, the Administrator shall make provision in his budget proposals for the funding of funds administered by UNDP for separate funding for the Executive Board.
It will provide its partners with lessons learned and confirmed practices to ensure that their policies and programmes address the concerns of poor women, those affected and infected with HIV/AIDS, those in conflict and post-conflict situations and those otherwise excluded from participation in decisions that affect their lives and choices.
Therefore, the present proposal does not intend to reduce the collection rate to take account of the interest received, which currently stands at about 2 per cent.
The maximum support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 was $7.3 million.
In order to compare with the changes in the volume of activities approved for the current financial period, the increase or decrease is expressed using the same coefficients used for the approval of the appropriations.
Urban Secretariat
Burkina Faso indicated that it had commenced the ratification procedure.
I refer to my letter of 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report from Indonesia submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of items of which the Security Council is seized is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
Reforestation and afforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization had led to a decline in State revenues as a result of reduced tariffs and taxes, and thus reduced public spending, especially in the social sector.
Clarification was sought on the joint Commission on Human Rights/WTO group proposed by the independent expert; some delegations, stressing the need for human rights issues, including the right to development, to be considered in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, said that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, the above-mentioned delegations called for enhanced South-South cooperation, trade and regional integration.
One speaker expressed the view that the working group itself was already a follow-up mechanism and that it was necessary to keep in place to review national studies and experiences and to monitor the implementation of the outcome of United Nations conferences.
In this context, the working group was of the view that States should, inter alia, seek to remove protectionist barriers to exports from developing countries and remove in some economic sectors subsidies that adversely affected their exports.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate this work, including by making recommendations, as appropriate.
The group asked the project manager on water treatment methodology, annual consumption of chlorine, water-related chlorine, number of employees and chlorine-providing entities.
Lastly, he stressed the importance of effective, accountable and predictable collaboration in that area.
Case studies
Again, the use of the veto on 14 October prevented the adoption of a resolution that was considered by all to be balanced — a resolution that only called on Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by force and to consider that the separation wall was illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its one-year phased leadership development programmes, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, has encouraged the strengthening of national leadership in a number of countries, including Cambodia, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal, South Africa and Swaziland, as well as in the Caribbean region.
List of tables 10
Analysis and valuation 287 84
Iraq's written response to this claim may be summarized as follows:
These instruments include the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapon Tests in the Atmosphere, Outer Space and Subwater (the Partial Test-Ban Treaty), the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Treaty on the Prohibition of the Use of Nuclear Weapons.
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and entered into force on 23 June 1961, established the first continental demilitarized zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had been unable to join the consensus on the draft resolution.
Iraq had subsequently recognized that it had not paid attention to those changes.
I believe that, if we are honest, we must admit that the “end of innocence” has come, no need for us.
The last part presents the conclusions.
General implications: Development and poverty reduction can be achieved only if productivity gaps within and between countries are reduced through the mobilization of skills, know-how, technology and information in developing countries, with a view to achieving equitable and sustainable development.
Therefore, institutional capacity-building, skill development and entrepreneurship promotion are also crucial to the success and impact of UNIDO's technical cooperation programmes; in this context, a new approach is proposed here for UNIDO's technical cooperation activities, which should allow for a more focused and effective use of the experience and know-how of professionals whose services are provided under the eight UNIDO modules.
The German-German Treaty on the Establishment of a Monetary, Economic and Social Union entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German-German Agreement on the Preparations and Organization throughout Germany of the first election to the Bundestag on 3 September of the same year.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights are binding at the national level as a result of the ratification of these instruments, but also because, under article 25 of the Basic Law, they have a higher authority than ordinary laws and directly create rights and obligations for inhabitants of the federal territory, insofar as they may be interpreted as general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties have devoted a separate chapter to the issue of public participation (Australia, the Czech Republic, New Zealand, Sweden), but many have addressed this issue from another perspective, regarding the participation of NGOs and policymakers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) or as a general principle (Italy).
Others consider participation to be public participation in the development of climate change plans, programmes and policies (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict, it is essential to maintain a minimum level of environmental cooperation to safeguard natural resources and prevent the health of people from being threatened and the environment from deteriorating sustainably.
When considering the construction of new wastewater treatment facilities, it would be appropriate to provide for the reuse of these waters.
The quality of waste water dumped into the needs, watercourses and the Mediterranean in Gaza must conform to the latest international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo Agreement II, the existing facility in Ramat Hovav in Israel should be used.
Second performance report
Mr. Barriga (Liechtenstein) said that the past year had been a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including by improving access to education in rural and special needs, as well as by introducing multilingualism and teaching of indigenous languages and cultures to promote better understanding among cultures.
Following the receipt of additional information and clarification, the Committee considered the matter at several formal and informal meetings, and several proposals were submitted by France, the Russian Federation and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland respectively.
First, all individuals have a duty to help the public power, according to their means, fully fulfil its fundamental role.
Article 12
(g) It is important to ask special rapporteurs and representatives to fulfil their mandates and not to address issues beyond their competence.
The Committee considers that the special information programme on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has made an important contribution to informing the media and public opinion about the situation.
The Arabs have sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, which, as indicated in the Secretary-General's report, will remain a fundamental element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the costs of this first review conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by the States parties and States not parties to the Convention participating in it, in accordance with the United Nations scale, calculated in an appropriate manner.
(a) Expressed its concern at the high proportion of General Service staff in the regional commissions compared to staff in the Professional and higher categories, and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, as appropriate, on the initiatives taken;
(c) The ratio of General Service staff to non-Secretariat/Professional and higher-level staff for all of these offices, and therefore the need for support capacity, is dependent on the local situation and the development of infrastructure and trade services in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children died.
This is probably the first time since the Cuban missile crisis that the peoples of the world are taking the two possible options around a crisis of this gravity; that is, a diplomatic settlement, thus peaceful, or a war, with its aftermath, the grave consequences of such an act for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
It is in the interest of the people of Iraq.
For example, in two months of work on the ground, it should be noted that, thanks to the cooperation of the Iraqi authorities, the inspectors had easily accessed more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private residences.
Indigenous peoples and communities are not deprived of their means of subsistence or are evicted from their lands, in violation of Convention No. 169.
They do not take disciplinary measures or other measures against workers or other persons who have filed a complaint or that the company does not comply with the Standards;
Thirdly, he stressed the need to be prepared to change his positions and to explore every possibility of finding a fair compromise.
Introduction
Greece
and
In accordance with the Instructions for the Registry (art.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
The Central African Republic, Algeria, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, the Lao People's Democratic Republic, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Chile, China, the Comoros, the Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Cuba, Djibouti, Egypt, Gabon, Ghana, the Sudan, the Syrian Arab Republic, Tajikistan, the United Arab Emirates, the United Republic of Tanzania, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of America, Ghana, the United States of America.
Whether Syria calls upon us — or anyone in this Chamber — to listen to the voice of wisdom in itself.
Question 3 (c)
His delegation wished to know why the establishment of a Senior Management Service was an essential element in the progress of the major organizational reforms aimed at strengthening the international civil service (A/57/30, para.
The European Union agrees with the recommendation made by the Commission in its report (A/57/30) on the maximum admissible educational expenses and education grant in countries and monetary areas listed in paragraphs 141, subparagraphs (a) and (b), as well as the recommendation on the lump-sum reimbursement and the additional reimbursement of boarding costs (para. 141).
All parties attended the weekly meetings and responded promptly to the incidents.
Total bank deposits have grown steadily, with a 6 per cent increase over the past six months.
This hour of history requires reflection, insight and action.
Mexico believes that genuine reform should be based on five very precise guidelines.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration - from developing and least developed countries in all regions - has been gradually expanded to services.
Purpose and Objectives
However, where this amount is too high, it may have a deterrent effect and may frustrate the objective of user-friendly, economic and expeditious access to insolvency proceedings.
Exposure of the estate may result in an increase in the availability of credit in general, since secured creditors would have the assurance that their actual rights would not be affected by the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
Assets available to the debtor during this period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The desirability of measures to protect the value of the encumbered assets may need to be weighed against their potential complexity and costs, and the need for the court to be able to take tough business decisions on such protection.
Automatic termination clauses
For greater transparency in the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clearly set out in the law the limitations imposed on the powers of the insolvency representative regarding the types of contract discussed in this section.
However, even if this approach is taken, the insolvency representative may need to commence proceedings to recover the assets or their equivalent value from the counterparty when the counterparty does not return them.
As noted above, however, a total desalination can disrupt the enterprise and undermine its continued operation at a critical stage of its survival.
The following list does not purport to be exhaustive and, in some cases, functions will overlap or not be relevant because of the provisions of the insolvency law.
As a general rule, the committee will act on behalf of creditors: its functions will therefore be directly related to the general functions assigned to creditors, as described above.
Where a creditor committee is constituted (and recruits professionals), this obligation may be fulfilled by requiring its members (and professionals) to sign confidentiality agreements.
Some of them provide general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan must give all parties sufficiently clear and precise information about the financial situation of the debtor and the changes in certain rights proposed therein, or set forth minimum requirements, for example, that the plan must provide for payment of certain preferential claims.
In practice, this period may range from 10 to 45 days (see chap.
The recommendations on notification of commencement provide for the protection of the debtor by requiring notice of the application for commencement and by giving the debtor an opportunity to rebut this presumption
For example, the ILO Convention on the Protection of Workers' Claims in the Insolvency of their Employers, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the setbacks in this area.
With regard to the latter, the programme is responsible for providing support to the Economic and Social Council and the interaction between the Council and the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination.
On 6 December, the Chair circulated a draft presidential statement welcoming the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, introduced the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force during the previous six months (S/2002/1328).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained the required majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the appointment of Mr. Collen Vixen Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Narcisse Ahounou (Côte d'Ivoire) as members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in order.
The Together Foundation is proud to provide effective electronic communication services that enable the G-77 to meet its growing information and communication needs.
It is a permanent forum in which institutions of higher education and their leaders can discuss important issues and problems in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002), seminar organized in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (approximately 100 participants);
Private sector fund-raising strategies
The social fabric is torn apart and women and girls are vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, adult ex-combatants were the only people to be the subject of our attention.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations is disseminating a comprehensive training manual on gender and peacekeeping to peacekeeping missions and Member States.
More needs to be done in post-conflict situations and in the era of reconstruction.
The international community should take appropriate measures to provide relief and compensation to them.
Web sites President of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
For 12 years, Saddam Hussein has defied Security Council resolutions.
Today we are in a rapid growth phase, supported by a strong research and development programme, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the relevant resolutions adopted by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the latest of which is resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
It is estimated that the reduction of one week's duration of annual sessions will result in savings of $228,300, at full cost, for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include guaranteeing the right to water without discrimination of any kind and require that measures to ensure its effective realization be systematic, concrete and targeted.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties and the Regional Bureau may, if necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information.
Add a new subparagraph (f):
"(a) The aerosol shall be divided into division 2.1 if the contents contain more than 85 per cent, in mass, inflammable components and if the chemical heat of combustion is 30 kJ/g;
“For UN 3175, the lethal test is not required when the liquid is fully absorbed into a solid itself contained in a sealed bag.
P903 Add the following paragraph after "Empowerment satisfactory to the test level of packing group II.
4.1.9.2.1 Replace "type IP-1" with "type IP-2" and "type IP-3" with "type IP-3".
Paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.7.6 become 6.1.4.6 to 6.1.4.6 and 6.1.4.8 and 6.1.4.8.1 become 6.1.4.7 and 6.1.4.7.1, respectively.
6.2.2.6.3 Quality management
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kuenyehia pointed out that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women victims of trafficking were immediately evicted from Switzerland and, as a result, were no longer present in the country, they could not testify against the perpetrators.
By committing, with the support of the international community, to ensuring peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to establish NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without wishing to support the related ills of patrimonism, we can argue that it has been used successfully to ensure development and stability in other countries and regions.
While there has been a rise over the past two years, the amount remains far below the level of the 1990s.
The firm commitment of the international community, from rhetoric to action, and Africa's continued and responsible leadership, working on a sustained basis for the sustainable development of the continent, will help to ensure the full success of NEPAD.
It is the first legally binding international treaty on trade in biotechnological products.
• Fewer releases of organic pollutants and nutrients from ad hoc sources
United Nations Office at Geneva
As indicated in the Secretary-General's latest report, in its 1999 review of the cooperation activities of the White Helmets Commission, the implementation of the White Helmets formula and the experience gained in that regard.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the Chairman (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, became A/AC.268/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a United Nations civilian staff member who died in the performance of his or her duties in the service of peace, except those who died from natural causes or from an accident after the effective date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, trafficking by sea, law enforcement cooperation and training);
Rule 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that the officers of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs shall remain in office until their successors are elected and shall be eligible for re-election.
(c) The COP should conduct research on cooperative models to demonstrate in what conditions it works best and can be used in innovative ways and to create ways to share best practices and experience.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had developed at the end of others expressed a preference for the proposal made by the States members of the Organization of the Islamic Conferenceb (OIC). All delegations took note of the important concessions already made in that regard.
This poses the risk of overlap and duplication.
The family, which is the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for the development and well-being of all its members, must be protected and provided with the necessary assistance to enable it to assume all its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; killings, raids, destruction and detention are the lot of those children who do not have access to education or medical care.
Their current situation in the context of the Israeli occupation is far from a world fit for children.
We hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its wide range of activities will help to achieve the desired objectives of this draft resolution.
(a) To pay particular attention to the protection of refugee children, especially unaccompanied minors, and internally displaced children who are at risk of being abducted or forced to participate in armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
Child protection issues, especially sexual abuse and exploitation, were the main obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West Africa and Central Africa reported that several countries in the region were in the process of drafting legislation providing more severe penalties for traffickers found guilty.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (non-governmental organizations) has already been established.
UNICEF is developing two strategies to address HIV/AIDS.
Resources for such activities have already been included in the programme budget for the current biennium and in section 24, Human rights, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
The provision would cover the costs of 12 military advisers/association officers ($488,200); 8 civilian police advisers ($325,400); 1,159 international staff ($279, 143 national staff and 737 local staff), reflecting an overall increase of 12 posts resulting from a net decrease of 27 international and 21 national staff posts ($315,100); and an increase of 60,168,900 local staff.
Review of the programme of work: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I should like to draw the attention of the members of the Council to the following documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letters dated 2 June and 24 July 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General; and S/2003/685 and S/2003/698, letters dated 2 July and 9 July 2003, respectively, from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General.
“I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Group of States of the Islamic Conference at the United Nations, to request the Security Council to extend an invitation under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Ahmad Hajihosseini, Deputy Permanent Observer for the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, Chargé d'affaires a.i.
But the effect is the same: annexation.
Fear is still very bad and is an artificial solution to the problems that Israel is facing.
The Norwegian Foreign Minister will reiterate this unequivocal condemnation in his meeting with President Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories and the excessive use of force against innocent Palestinians are pushing them to despair as well.
However, the Commission also took note of the various views expressed in the Working Group regarding the form and scope of application of the instrument, its basic principles and some of its main features.
The Working Group agreed to recommend to the Secretariat that it should follow up on suggestions to expand the scope of the study by also addressing obstacles to electronic commerce that might arise from other instruments that had been proposed for inclusion by other organizations, and that it should explore with those organizations the modalities for carrying out the necessary studies, taking into account the constraints that the Secretariat might impose on its current workload.
Enterprises engaged in legitimate business should not fear disclosing their identity or place of business.
(i) To further reduce non-strategic nuclear weapons, which is transparent, verifiable and irreversible, on the basis of unilateral initiatives and in the process of nuclear arms reduction and disarmament;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and ban any action that would undermine its firm will to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The deputies of the State Duma state that when considering the documents to be submitted to them in connection with Latvia's participation in the Agreement on Partnership and Cooperation between the Russian Federation and the European and their member States, they will determine whether they will be ratified if Latvia is to fulfil its obligations in the field of human rights and national minorities.
She would also like to know whether the Government was encouraging the formation of women's organizations.
Science and technology as the basis for sustainable forest management
Secondly, it is necessary to use knowledge from case studies to develop indicators for different stress factors that are both specific and scientifically sound.
Date and place
The Chairman: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 have expressed the wish that the text be adopted by the Committee without a vote.
This simplified interface allows access not only to the database but also to other information available on the website.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Policy coordination
Recognizing the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and in the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
Pilot projects had been approved for two of the Territories and their implementation would be carefully reviewed to determine whether they could be implemented elsewhere.
The Supreme Council of the Judiciary shall elect, in addition to the candidates on the list referred to in article 3, paragraph 5, two candidates whose names are also submitted to it by the Secretary-General, who shall serve as an international investigating judge and who shall be the alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
KUFEC's claim for the Sidi El Kilani's development time 56 - 95 22
KAFCO evaluated Jet A-1 fuel at its replacement cost in May 1991, based on the average price of the purchased quantities.
The production profile used after that date is based on the annual production rate it had estimated in 1994, although the actual production figures are now available.
Ms. Pham Thi Nga (Viet Nam), explaining her delegation's position, said that the draft resolution lacked objectivity and reflected the progress made in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is strangely silent on the request of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the international community to establish an international criminal tribunal for the Democratic Republic of the Congo with a view to ending violence and impunity.
Last November, East Galia, a mother of seven children, was shot and killed during a terrorist attack in the same area.
They are essential to a comprehensive settlement.
As the international community has given its endorsement of the road map accepted by the Israeli and Palestinian sides, its implementation requires genuine political will to achieve the ultimate objective, namely, the two-State solution envisaged by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive recent indications of a renewed political process, Israeli settlement policies and the continuing construction of the separation wall run counter to all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while throwing the year on terrorists on all sides, we must admit that one of the sources of this tragedy lies in the desperation of some peoples, who are victims of the frustrations and intolerable injustice that slow to be addressed.
On the other hand, Iran has no nuclear weapons programme and does not intend to have it.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral use of military force, through the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage individual countries to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, the States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI, committed themselves to the Treaty.
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion strategy of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of these indictees may have died and others may never be arrested.
In addition, following a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution now defines the family as an entity based on the equality of spouses.
The plan envisages the establishment of village development committees, which must include at least one woman among their members and which are responsible for implementing the project at the village level.
We are prepared to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal so that these trials will take place.
As to the question put by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and rapid transfer would allow cases to be completed in a timely manner, as the President said, the judicial process is not easily predictable.
2 Subregional level
Therefore, the solutions to prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes require the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, primarily nuclear weapons.
In the area of export competition, it was proposed to reduce export subsidies and credits, but without a specific target or time frame.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment by the Community of the Businesswomen's Network, which aims to empower women, inter alia, by facilitating their access to credit and trade and technical training;
Such a project is under way in the mountains of Central Asia.
Identification
Contents
Some participants stressed the need to explore the possibility of establishing an international stabilization fund that would play the role of insurance to help address losses arising from the implementation of response measures.
Recognizing the importance of collaboration among the sponsoring agencies of the Global Climate Observing System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty be abolished from the criminal sanctions legislation of both Republics and that it be expressly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish an open-ended working group to consider ways to improve the predictability of funding.
Particular reference was made to the proposed provision on the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions would cause considerable material and financial damage to third States.
It would be desirable to temporarily suspend sanctions in the event of extraordinary circumstances or force majeure (natural disasters, threats of famine, widespread disturbances leading to the disruption of the administration of the country), in order to prevent a humanitarian disaster.
Accordingly, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered on a case-by-case basis.
The sponsor delegation, in turn, proposed the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergency and force majeure situations in order to prevent a humanitarian disaster, and should be decided on a case-by-case basis.” With regard to this suggestion, the view was expressed that it did not adequately address the idea that such a provision might not be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already provided for in the sanctions regime.
It was further noted that the last principle (section 5 above) raised an important issue of codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the International Law Commission to consider it and for the Sixth Committee to debate it.
Transparency will remain the hallmark of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
As a result, despite the slight modification recommended by the Group of Governmental Experts this year, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States remained unchanged; they believe that the scope of the Register should be expanded, particularly since the experience of past years has shown that the Register, which is limited to seven categories of conventional arms, will not attract universal participation.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help strengthen our rule of law gains.
For my delegation, this is a historic occasion, given that this is the first time that the Republic of San Marino is addressing the Security Council.
Decides further that the Bureau of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee shall be composed of five representatives of Member States elected on the basis of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors raised several points regarding the liquidation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1n), para.
Please indicate, if any, how your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and conclusion
Source: The Hague Conference, Treaty Series, Convention No. 2 (available at www.hcch.net/f/conventions/text02f.html).
Rather, barriers to women's full participation in political life are rooted in traditional societal attitudes; there is indeed resistance on the part of men to the fact that women can play a role in decision-making.
The trial of another Kosovo Serb accused of being the instigator of the April riots in Mitrovica commenced on 22 November.
Research activities using rockets and ballons, as well as ESA space missions, are designed and carried out in Esrange by research teams in the fields of plasma physics, astronomy, atmospheric chemistry and material science.
UNCTAD's work in the area of trade and development was not intended to duplicate the work of other organizations, but to examine the relationship between trade and development in an objective and integrated manner, with a view to facilitating and strengthening the processes and negotiations under way in other forums.
The pilot phase had already made it possible to strengthen the capacity of Somali disarmament, demobilization and reintegration institutions.
Target group: All reviewers.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to it at its seventh session on the steps taken to implement this decision.
“ Village miners”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are unable to protect is your responsibility.
The Commission on Human Rights must play an essential role in the process of improving the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other interested entities, both public and private, as well as multilateral bodies, to continue to contribute, on a voluntary basis or as appropriate in accordance with their mandates, to activities related to the development and implementation of action programmes to combat desertification in all affected regions;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that addressing the issue at a meeting of the expanded bureau seemed to be a strange solution, since the views of the expanded bureau, meeting informally, would not necessarily reflect those of the Committee as a whole.
(iv) All known and projected expenditures relating to the representative duly authorized by the Secretary-General to serve on the International Advisory and Monitoring Board for the six-month period defined above, after which those costs will be borne by the United Nations;
Its counter-terrorism efforts using weapons of mass destruction will also be in line with the three-step programme framework of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee, which is based on the establishment of the necessary legal framework for counter-terrorism, followed by the strengthening of the executive machinery for the implementation of legislation and the further development of international counter-terrorism cooperation.
Its production base remains narrow and diverse.
Despite the glimpse periods of hope for a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been the scene of armed confrontation in other phases and periods that have had profound implications and repercussions for the peace efforts that Egypt has made with objectivity and determination, seizing every opportunity to establish a just and comprehensive peace for the countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also calls upon States to take all appropriate measures to protect the cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the lack of effective flag State control exposes the maritime sector to offenders engaged in arms smuggling and trafficking in drugs and diamonds, etc.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
In time of war, by the territorial courts of the armed forces and the military courts to the armed forces.”
Participants included 115 of 59 countries, including representatives of government agencies, international organizations, consumer organizations, trade and industry.
The TEMPORARY CHAIRPERSON said that he had been honoured to preside over the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Board, which had coincided with a period of greater stability after four years of reform.
Ghana, despite financial constraints, has undertaken to meet its financial obligations to the Organization.
Venue of regular sessions
If the President ceases to be a representative of a member of the Executive Board or is unable to perform his or her functions, or if the member State of which he or she is a member ceases to be a member of the Executive Board, the Bureau shall designate one of the Vice-Presidents to serve as Acting President until a new President has been elected by the Executive Board.
The role of poverty and its impact on the whole population was emphasized.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
Appreciation was expressed for the abolition of 57 outputs and the rationalization of publications.
The Committee recommended the dissolution of the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus, as long ago it cannot agree on how to implement its programme of work and is unable to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that UNHCR's proposed programme budget was presented as a grant to simplify the link between OHCHR and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The strategy of subprogramme 2 should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and related conclusions be submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women for consideration and action, as appropriate.
The documents before the Working Group are listed in annex I.
A minority representative recommended autonomy for the Ogoni people in a specific area of Nigerian territory, explaining that this would promote socio-economic development and full participation of the Ogonis in resource control.
The term “new minorities” has not been accepted by all, and its use requires more in-depth discussion and reflection.
Training courses should be encouraged to enable minorities to learn from human rights mechanisms and the development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
There seems to be a new consensus on the issue of the role of the public sector in the field of energy for sustainable development (such as setting public policy objectives, setting priorities and guiding markets), without losing sight of the fact that market forces alone will not alleviate the energy poverty of developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
Currently, the approach could be described as “process”: some provisions of the Convention have been transformed into specific laws.
(c) The two C-160, Turkish military aircraft coming from the FIR of Ankara entered the FIR of Nicosia, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the occupied area of Cape Apostolos Andreas before exiting in the east, from which they returned in the opposite direction.
The long-term situation and political will must be seen.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and most recently Liberia, show the full success of our Organization in deploying, sometimes under emergency conditions, increasingly complex peace operations involving multiple partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Luis Moreno Ocampo, came to our Geneva office to discuss possible areas of collaboration.
Those words are the best tribute to the work done by MONUC.
Mr. Pujalte (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): At the outset, I would like to thank your delegation for having included such an important item as human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the Council's agenda.
An ecosystem approach implies expanding the functions and processes involved in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
Process of the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests
(iii) Possible actions to reduce risks, particularly political risks, faced by investors engaged in sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
Just as the United States did so when it offered money to Iranian nationals after United States missiles had shot down an Iranian commercial aircraft over Iran.
Train students in knowledge management, especially those relating to accounting
(b) Systems analysis and design techniques (This point, which deals with computer-related issues, is addressed in Module 3.6.
The Government of Israel is headed by a notorious terrorist, Ariel Sharon, who, according to two officers who participated in the massacre of Kafr Qassem in 1956, ordered that Palestinian children be burned alive to their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General, in formulating the conference-servicing budget, to ensure that the provision for general temporary assistance reflects the full demand for services estimated on the basis of current experience;
Paragraph 2 would be very close to the current paragraph 2 of model provision 32 and therefore read: “Any expropriation of land that may be required for the implementation of the project shall be carried out in accordance with ...”; it would be followed by language that is currently in square brackets in paragraph 2 of model provision 32, with possible reference to regulatory easements.
A second term might be added to the French version.
Model provision 33, as amended, was approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY] Annex II
(f) That, as proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of their liberty shall be released in a manner that permits valid verification that they have actually been released and that they have been released under conditions that guarantee their physical integrity and the possibility of asserting their rights;
The study revealed that the way in which the Secretariat's administrative services operate does not make full use of the opportunities offered by technology or adopt the most modern practices like other organizations.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General pursuant to the request contained in resolution 57/110 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General for Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar in order to carry out a transition to a civil regime, and to ensure that both have full and unhindered access to Myanmar and that all persons cooperating with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are not subjected to any form of intimidation, harassment or repression;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/... of ... April 2003, endorses the Commission's decision to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur, as contained in Commission resolution 1992/58 of 3 March 1992, for another year and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session and to report to the Commission.”
• Serious consideration should be given to the dismantling of large State-owned mining companies such as Gécamines and MIBA (Minère de Bakwanga).
Expresses its appreciation to those Governments that have made additional contributions to establish and strengthen national human rights institutions;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;1
The unutilized balance was due mainly to the decision not to purchase new power generators, as the generators available were repaired through the reserve spare parts and were sufficient to provide electricity.
Recalling that United Nations human rights instruments and relevant global plans and programmes of action call for the widest possible protection and assistance to the family, and that the family has diverse forms, which vary according to cultural, political and social systems,
The Voorburg Group addressed the issues of identification of suppliers and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its leading role in the budgetary process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, which, inter alia, advises the Programme on the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and on the management of the resources of the Programme on the basis of the priorities established by Member States;
Capacity developed through: support to organizational and planning entities (public and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support for the formulation and implementation of legislation; inter-ministerial coordination; research and training capacity on development issues, etc.
Specific discussions were held on those items and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its six-hour mission and returned to the Qasr Ninawa Hotel in Mosul.
The National Monitoring Directorate informed him of the meeting and encouraged him to attend.
The importance of broadband services as an engine for economic and social development should be recognized;
]
(b) That any person who directs or works, in any capacity, for any entity, to seek or accept, directly or indirectly, an undue advantage, for himself or herself or for another person or entity, in order to perform or refrain from acting or failing to perform his or her duties [in connection with an economic, financial or commercial transaction, which causes damage to the private sector].
[(j) Identifying, freezing and tracing funds of illicit origin derived from acts of corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
The view was expressed that it would also be important to ensure that the system designed for the convention took into account existing regional mechanisms and endeavoured to avoid unnecessary duplication.
Text taken from the proposal submitted by Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (7 out of 32) presented a projection “without measures taken”.
p For this year, a projection is provided for agriculture but not for energy.
(b) To differentiate between the various cases, depending on their degree of difficulty, by allocating more resources to highly complex cases;
Agenda item 84
Furthermore, thematic meetings of the treaty bodies should be encouraged, which contribute to improving and making the protection of human rights more transparent in a given area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate it to the Third Committee.
In the face of the determined will of non-nuclear-weapon States, the nuclear-weapon States must show that they are making tangible progress towards nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that planted forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and are detrimental to the rights and livelihoods of local populations (highly discouraged at the Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General of 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations contained therein, endorses the Secretary-General's proposal that an electoral unit be established within UNAMA, and calls upon Member States to support United Nations electoral activities in Afghanistan;
I refer to my letter of 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report from Spain submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It promotes TCDC in policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador has five women ambassadors, compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Montalvo (Ecuador) said that the most important legislative change had been the revision of the Family Code, which had passed to Congress on first reading and was awaiting a second reading.
Resolution 1456 (2003)
Executive Order No. 336 on the re-establishment of the National Commission of Action against Air Piracy and Terrorism as the National Civil Aviation Security Council.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The fruitful exchanges of views that followed have enabled delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
AFUR African Utility Regulators
MMA Mauritius Marine Authority
However, it may be necessary in some cases to take into account various factors, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of an agreement governing its relations with the State concerned.
OHCHR relies on the generosity of donors, especially donor Governments, to meet these needs.
The main task remains to rectify the effects of past violence and to remedy current violations while developing national capacities to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Statistical capacity-building;
The initial results of the Community's work make it possible to discuss a rich potential for cooperation between the Community and the Universal International Organization, based on the principles of partnership, participation and complementarity of efforts.
29B.24 Programme planning and budget preparation are under the responsibility of the Programme Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in that regard.
Based on these contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the Institute's Trust Fund as at 31 December 2003 would be $735,600.
Request for hearing
Alternative A
The definition of “electronic signature” corresponds to the definition of “electronic signature” in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valenta attel. 1 (212) 963-9684 or 963-9196).
With the exception of sales publications and public information material, hyperlinked official documents listed hereunder may be accessed through the Official Document System of the United Nations in the electronic version of the present Journal.
Ltd. (Sudan); LXO = Luxor Air (Egypt); NL = LoneStar Airways (affed by the Government of Liberia); Relief= Relief Services Ltd (United Kingdom).
Smuggling still accounts for more than 50 per cent of trade.
Illegal looting and withdrawals by the hungry security forces, extortion and other bribes undermine any prospect of economic stabilization and can only deter capital inflows by foreign private investors.
The United Nations should play a more active role in the negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearance of gendarmes would, according to the testimonies received, be tantamount to desertions.
The prevalence of HIV/AIDS is increasing and children account for 7 per cent of the infected population.
However, country offices will need to strive to better formulate lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction - aims and objectives
Press conferences
The status of ratification of conventions and the information received on the implementation of action programmes were among the key indicators of progress in combating slavery and slavery-like practices.
The observer for UNICEF outlined the Fund's work in child protection.
Calls upon the United Nations organs and agencies to develop and implement codes of conduct that prohibit all forms of sexual exploitation by United Nations personnel, United Nations service providers and humanitarian workers, and invites non-governmental organizations to do the same in their area of competence;
Invites States and interested non-governmental organizations to undertake research to achieve a better understanding of the diversion of certain ritual practices in order to intimidate women and girls who are victims of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African Ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the 1990 session on the improvement and efficiency of its functioning (CD/1036), the Conference invited the following non-member States to participate in the work of the Conference: Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Georgia, Ghana, Greece, Jordan, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malta, Monaco, Nepal, Oman, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Sri Lanka, Saudi Arabia, Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Sudan, Philippines, Philippines, Kuwait, Kuwait, Kuwait, Kuwait, Kuwait, Sudan, Kuwait, Kuwait, Kuwait, Sudan, Kuwait, Kuwait, Kuwait, Kuwait, Kuwait, Kuwait, Kuwait, Kuwait, Kuwait, Oman, Kuwait, Kuwait, Kuwait, Oman, Kuwait, Kuwait, Kuwait, Kuwait, Kuwait, Oman, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Kuwait, Oman, Oman,
I hope that the Ministers will call for accelerated action on all these vital security issues.
There is increasing concern about the possible links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.5, A/58/375, A/57/786, A/58/600 and A/58/61/70); 120 and 121 (Programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005: administrative costs of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (A/58/214, A/58/214/Corr.1 and Corr.1 and A/58/7/Add.1 and Corr.1 and Corr.1 and Corr.1);
Encourages countries to submit, on an optional basis, national reports to the Commission's review session, in particular, highlighting concrete progress in implementation, including achievements, challenges and opportunities;
(d) Strive to achieve better and more balanced representation of major groups in all regions in the Commission;
The issue of trade-distorting agricultural subsidies was raised and considered to be a serious obstacle to achieving sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005, the additional activities to be undertaken include an assessment, assessment and analysis of progress made in achieving the objectives; an inventory of problems and obstacles encountered; opportunities; the use of lessons learned, including coordination of information received from various sources and capacity-building activities during the sessions of the Commission; the establishment and management of a transparent information and communication system; and a summary of partnerships.
This helped to develop teaching materials, train instructors and senior officials, and provide technical and financial support for training sessions by Cambodian instructors.
The total net amount - excluding the amount of USD 251,432.04 for interest and the amount of USD 172,784.51 for claim preparation costs - claimed for the 380 claims in the first part of the sixteenth instalment in which the Panel has determined the amount of USD 479,190,427.82.
These pilot projects, which will be developed and implemented through international cooperation, will aim to ensure that regional initiatives undertaken by different agencies or groups produce a synergy effect.
The Fifth Committee, having considered the statement of programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General3 and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,4 decides to inform the General Assembly that, should it adopt draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.1/Rev.1, an amount of $1,375,600, broken down as indicated below, will be required for the biennium 2004-2005: section 2, General Assembly affairs, section 1,004, section 2, General Assembly affairs, and section 1,004.
As part of its shelter programme, the Government immediately provides housing, food aid and language services for all returnees, both men and women, and tries to find work, thereby making available a number of services to this vulnerable group.
In the context of international cooperation, the Government is undertaking a comprehensive overhaul of its statistics and census centre, with the aim of improving data collection and updating and providing for a gender breakdown.
There is an increasing literature on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and the growing number of practical examples of this contribution.
See for example Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, part 1, paragraph 5, and CESCR General Comment No. 14, paragraph 3.
Is there a need to reduce duplication in the work of the Committee and of international organizations?
Local Governments, which are responsible under the Local Government Act, annex II, for addressing the issue of vulnerable children, must develop their potential more pragmatically;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of trends in net transfers of resources to and from developing countries.
It is important to continue the dialogue that was initiated in Johannesburg on debt conversion to environmental investment and sustainable development.
There have been cases in the past where meetings of States parties have been considerably delayed or cancelled due to the lack of quorum.
On the occasion of Human Rights Day, the New York Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organizes several activities to commemorate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the Vienna World Conference on Human Rights and the award of human rights awards.
The view was expressed that efforts should be made to avoid that problem when considering the provisions of chapter 8 in the light of existing instruments on electronic commerce.
He reiterated that P&I Clubs supported the application of the instrument to door-to-door transport and stated that while difficulties could arise both with a limited network system and with a uniform system, it should be noted that the transport industry had, to a large extent, adopted a multimodal transport network system, including the UNCTAD/ITC and COMBICON transport letter.
In response to a question as to why the draft instrument had to apply a default rule in the event of “non-localized damage”, it was reiterated that the essence of this was to ensure that the liability regime for such damage was predictable and secure.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
There will be a briefing on the Secretary-General's Youth Employment Network, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Secretariat of the Youth Employment Network, the World Bank and ILO, today, 30 September 2003, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
Compared to the posts approved as at 30 June 2003, the staffing of 223 international staff (1 ASG, 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-4, 74 P-3, 13 P-2/1, 29 Field Service and 74 General Service (Other level)), 537 national staff, including 25 Professional and 207 United Nations Volunteers.
The latter would be assisted by a Secretary (General Service (Other level)) and a driver (national staff).
Ms. Shin asked about the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission for Women's Issues, the Federal Office for Gender Equality and the Swiss Conference of Gender Equality Delegates, and expressed concern about the relative lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Bureau.
3, let.
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to initiate a joint programme of work with IAEA to develop a standard by implementing the IAEA safety standards development process with the appropriate participation of experts from the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with IAEA and the Committee's reporting procedures and mechanisms.
Option 3
To our great regret, the United Nations Secretariat has taken no steps to redeploy United Nations observers to the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait so that they can carry out the tasks assigned to them by Security Council resolutions.
Primary health care also remains tragically inadequate in many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations have suffered setbacks.
Among them, the National Women's Forum constitutes a forum for dialogue and constant, multi-stakeholder and representative dialogue, enabling women's organizations to participate in the formulation, negotiation and orientation of national policies for the full development of women, in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat had set out guidelines for the legalization of such groups, the training of their members in social organization and the strengthening of leadership capacities, self-esteem and human rights in the departments of Chiquimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
Women's Health Week.
Such collaboration could begin with the holding of an international symposium to study the different aspects of commercial fraud and where the various stakeholders could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the following non-governmental organization that has requested consultative status with UNIDO: World Federation of Free Zones (WFZA).
In his letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities would seriously consider adopting such measures and shed light on the microphone incident.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the action teams that could be taken into account in preparing the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to circulate to the chairpersons of the action teams a model for their contribution to the report of the Committee.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They further noted that the African Union had emerged from the shared vision of a united and strong Africa that would enable the African continent to meet the multiple challenges that the continent and its peoples must face in the light of the social, economic and political transformation that took place in the world.
They stressed that these institutions should resist the efforts of some countries that use such conditionalities to defend their own interests.
They called on donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian appeals to the needs of affected populations, without influencing the level of interest of the media, or the geographical location of the emergency where humanitarian assistance is needed.
According to the investigations conducted so far in Tunisia, no Tunisian banking agency or trading agent has any funds, financial assets or resources belonging to individuals or entities listed above.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordinating body should be designated within the United Nations system to provide support in this area and that the United Nations regional commissions should include certain activities,
Convinced that responsibility for road safety rests with local, municipal and national authorities,
Thematic discussion (topic to be decided on the basis of consultations held by the Bureau of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The proposed amendments to the Money-Laundering Act, which makes terrorist acts punishable by the Criminal Code punishable by law, will authorize the Anti-Money-Laundering Office to freeze without delay the funds or financial assets of persons or organizations accused of terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is reviewed periodically on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations to the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization Dalate County Desert Reclamation and the Ushen County Reforestation Section will host the seminar.
It should ultimately contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations that establish sustainable land management and eventually lead to qualitative and quantitative improvements in arable land and increased agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and plans of action and in their educational and cultural policies the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, customs and ceremonies, as well as their history, vision, philosophy and values.
The cold war mentality and the role of nuclear weapons in the doctrines of the nuclear-weapon States, the current impasse in the Conference on Disarmament, the lack of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and especially the increased risk of the use of nuclear weapons, have created a precarious situation which makes the non-nuclear-weapon States absolutely in need of negative security assurances.
Participated in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Women Judges, held in Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Consequently, they must be secured by a number of provisions, namely:
- Attack on intellectual property rights;
We cannot afford to let the Conference inactivity or allow it to be complacent because of the obstacles to be overcome or because our feeling of power gives us hope to fall back.
In developing the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team engaged in dialogue with local leaders and military units throughout the country.
These officers have effectively ensured the integration of children's rights and protection into peacekeeping missions.
However, if an agent is re-employed by an organization that applies the United Nations common system less than 12 months after separation, any amount to which he or she may be entitled at the end of his or her re-employment under the termination indemnity, repatriation or payment of accrued annual leave shall be adjusted so that the number of months, weeks or salary days for which he or she has been paid, plus the number of months, weeks or days.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council in particular, must act together at this critical time to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq.
Accordingly, only claims in instalments completed on or after 2 May 1990 fall within the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only the amounts relating to the compensable period may be compensated.
The “E2” Panel defined the scope of military operations and the concept of the threat of military action for the various locations and dates of the losses reported in the claims before it, in order to delimit the compensable area and the compensable period (“compensation zone”).
Canada accepted the Presidency for a period of one year as from 1 January 2004, following the conclusion of South Africa's mandate on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will take stock of best practices and lessons learned from these recent planning activities to determine whether they might apply to future operations.
Should a new operation be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be in a position to deploy it more quickly than in the past, through the strengthening of the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of the new arrangements for civilian support staff on standby (as described in sub-offices 3 and 4 below).
The maximum deployment time for members of the rapid deployment team will be 90 days, after which they will return to their original duty station.
An interactive training CD-ROM entitled “D stress management” was recently completed and delivered to field missions on an experimental basis in December 2002.
Mission training has been strengthened by the establishment of training cells in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET and the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware that a single code of conduct should apply to all personnel in peacekeeping missions, whether military, civilian or civilian police, even though disciplinary procedures vary according to the categories of personnel.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and the Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, the former Yugoslavia.
There is a need for commitment and cooperation at the national and international levels to address this issue.
Lessons learned from ongoing pilot projects show that it is crucial to identify productive activities for which there is a potential demand, with low start-up costs and skills that persons with disabilities may acquire.
This creates a tension between vulnerability on the one hand and independence on the other — when an independent person is confronted with the new need to receive care and depend on others.
After considering the informative and interesting case studies, one participant stressed the need to find a balance between self-regulation and public regulation in order to promote genuine transparency.
The search for a structure in which developed and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered necessary by several participants and it was noted that ISAR could play this role.
New York University Stern School of Business
University of Strathclyde
United Nations Decade of Education for Sustainable Development
In accordance with article 15, the deficiencies identified were reported to the claimants to address them.
In the case of a claim, the Panel ascertained that the goods were delivered in Iraq by the claimant, but was unable to determine precisely whether they were delivered shortly before or after the date on which the trade embargo imposed by Security Council resolution 661 (1990) became effective on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for wages and salaries paid between August 1990 and April 1991 to employees who were reduced to work as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur appreciated the support provided to him by a number of United Nations bodies in the preparation of the study.
Similarly, only 4 to 7 per cent of these enterprises are headed by women.
- Leaders and heads of enterprises, institutions and organizations, and all other persons involved in terrorist activities, in particular by financing terrorists or terrorist groups or organizations, by providing or collecting funds for the commission of terrorist acts or related offences, directly or indirectly, or through transactions involving funds or other financial assets;
- It signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified it on 12 September 2002, stating that it exercises its jurisdiction over the offences referred to in article 2 of the Convention in the cases provided for in article 7, paragraph 2, of the Convention;
The Act, which is not retroactive, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Internal Revenue Code in force as at 31 December 2000.
The WCF and its members play a central role, individually and collectively, in helping the GM to fulfil its mandate, as defined in Article 21, paragraph 4, of the Convention, but the feeling among the stakeholders consulted, including the members of the GM, is that the GM has not yet fully fulfilled its role, having so far adopted a wait-and-see attitude.
Finding a niche for the Global Mechanism
Curfews continue, but are not as stringent as in 2002.
The Bishkek meeting, held on 9 and 10 July 1998, brought together experts from the nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention are guaranteed in a Constitution or other laws and, if so, to what extent; or, if not, whether these provisions may be invoked in courts, tribunals and administrative authorities and whether they may give effect to them;
(a) Seven members selected by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Control from among the candidates proposed by the Secretary-General and endorsed by the Economic and Social Council, with due regard to the fact that the Institute and its activities are financed from voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution must be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the Group of African States, and on behalf of the other sponsors, to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti”, which provides an overview of the continuing special economic assistance needs of that country.
With regard to the vacancy rate, it was true that it should not improve significantly, given the gradual reduction in activities.
Another source of abuse is the billing of defence counsel services.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its 2002 session;
This figure, significantly lower than in 2001, is partly due to the rise in security concerns arising from the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001, which led some major resettlement countries to temporarily restrict admissions to their territory.
In 1998, many evidence was presented to the FBI on this case.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures arising from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;6
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical inquiry — the Government that considered that an investigation was necessary to obtain a precise picture of the situation before taking the necessary measures — assesses the level of awareness of the issue in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group by providing information or clarification.
For example, Brazilian law enforcement officers had been trained at the Regional Drug Intelligence Training School in the Andean Community in Lima.
(9) The proposed regulation also imposes restrictions on listed equipment and brokering activities.
To that end, she proposed that trade restrictions should be imposed with third countries on equipment and products that could be used for torture or capital punishment or other cruel, degrading or inhuman treatment.
With regard to the specific cases mentioned in the report, it was stated that imposing the wearing of fers for long periods of time, either when transferred from prison or as a sanction, constituted a violation of the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (rules 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The texts of the laws cited in this extract are available on the website at http://www.admin.ch/ch/f/rs/rs.html (23 October 2002).
Under this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of evidence provided by a member of the Garda Síochána who has at least the rank of superintendent, that a person holds or controls funds which are or may be used to commit a terrorist offence or to finance terrorism, or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, it shall issue an order on request, unless the respondent or any other person has determined to be used for its satisfaction that it.
The “terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Decision, i.e. the structured association of more than two persons, established over time and acting in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
European economic space, Swiss nationals and dependants
Following a request from the Government of the United Kingdom in October 2002 for the Caribbean Overseas Territories to provide detailed information on all savings account holders by 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the Caribbean States members of the Organization of American States decided to consolidate the training of special social workers in drug abuse.
Small island developing States in the Caribbean have become somewhat armed to address both phenomena and climate variability.
• Identifying multinational biological resources and defining land and marine areas that must be protected;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory from being used to plan, organize, carry out or participate in terrorist crimes, must prevent terrorist elements, whether individually or in groups, from infiltrating and establishing themselves in its territory, and must not harbour, harbour or finance them, or allow them to use their national territory to travel to other States.
Some regions north and south of the African malaria-endemic belt, as well as some mountainous areas in many countries, are threatened by an epidemic of malaria.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors for their valuable support to the Library.
(b) Develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt crusts, including applicable standards for the protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Aware that, at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world is undergoing historic and far-reaching transformations, in which the forces of aggressive nationalism and religious and ethnic extremism continue to pose new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of the functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the International Labour Organization Administrative Tribunal should continue, since the current disparities make it easier for some international staff to apply to an administrative tribunal.
For its part, the administration should respond to requests for review by the organs of administration of justice, which it often lacks.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Goicochea (Cuba) said that it was to avoid breaking the consensus that her delegation had accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouheddou (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years later, adopted in Rome on 13 June 2002,
This summary was prepared after consultation with the other members of the Council.
Assistance and guidance
It continued to welcome the development of democracy in the Republic of China on Taiwan and hoped that the Chinese people, both sides of the Taiwan Strait, would resolve their differences peacefully.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that item 167 should be included in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
d November 2002 exchange rate.
That supported the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at increasing awareness among policy makers and the general public of the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development by building on the achievements of space research; promoting the increased use of space-related systems and services by the United Nations system and the private sector; and improving the management of the Earth's natural resources.
Viet Nam is committed to building a strong nation and a prosperous, equitable and democratic society, placing people at the centre of its economic and social policies.
After pillaging the wealth of developing countries, the former colonial Powers are now responsible for the death of 10 children every 7 seconds.
Regrettably, the occupation authorities have prohibited the Turkish Cypriots from enjoying these benefits while limiting the freedom of expression of the supporters of a reunited Cyprus issued by the occupying forces.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are enshrined in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Round table on microcredit
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power of most forest workers severely impedes the impact of retrenchment on the poorest workers.
It is expected that these activities will accelerate the discovery of new medicines and vaccines.
For several years now, the Conference on Disarmament has not done substantive work.
From a refugee protection perspective, which is part of a whole, to be important, the first challenge is to address the concerns of States in order to take account of refugee protection.
National asylum legislation and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement these obligations in a just and effective manner are the following steps.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with appreciation the work done, under the guidance of voluntary Member States, by the 12 action teams established by the Committee at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and urged Member States to fully support the action teams in the conduct of their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, it should be noted that the Organization of American States proposed that the follow-up meeting at the 6 March meeting be held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully aligns itself with the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
The more we do, the more we see that we still have to do.
Is it not terrorism by definition?
(a) The replacement of one or more officials;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and elaborated in the core instruments (International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, the Convention on the Rights of the Child, and the Convention against Torture).
A vote was taken by show of hands.
First, emphasis is placed on the quality and availability of health services.
There are 28,523 women (9.3 per cent) out of 143,263 teachers.
Some reproductive health targets included in the Ninth Plan and the Second Long-term Health Plan are presented below (table 8).
Consequently, the population is educated and educated up to the family level on women's health in order to encourage the use of health services through information, education and communication programmes (IEC), with the help of the media, women's voluntary health workers and health personnel.
All formal credit institutions require tangible guarantees for lending.
The SAARC Summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity in all its history has never faced such a challenge.
Liechtenstein welcomes this development and has participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking in persons and smuggling of migrants.
In Cambodia, the joint efforts of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including people living with HIV/AIDS, drew attention and were recognized by the international community as a result of their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, production, acquisition, transfer, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, in order to justify their opposition to the elaboration of a convention on remote sensing, argue that resolution 41/65 is still a useful instrument, since it emphasizes two principles that they consider to be priority:
Rape has been used with impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terrorize the enemy population.
Ten years ago, violence against women was totally ignored.
States should implement General Assembly resolution 57/179 on measures to eliminate crimes against women committed in the name of honour and on intensifying efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes through legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur calls for the establishment of an ombudsman or any other monitoring and discipline mechanism in all peace support operations.
The present chapter outlines the obligations of transnational corporations in respect of the right to food under international human rights law.
These are clear violations of the right to food, as well as the deliberate destruction of schools and health posts in many regions, constitute a clear violation of the rights to education and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 2003)1
While the situation in the Georgian economy had improved somewhat in recent years, it remained extremely worrying, with a heavy external debt and a real unemployment rate exceeding 12 per cent (official figure).
Accordingly, they doubted that Georgia's failure to pay the amount required under Article 19 and even less its failure to fulfil its obligations under the three previous payment plans were due to conditions beyond its control.
The Global Programme against Money-Laundering participated in an assessment of offshore financial activities in the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 12 to 22 November 2002.
Interventions planned for 2003 and beyond include: improving national capacities in health and family life planning, strategic planning of and support for the adolescent and youth component of the national HIV/AIDS strategy and promoting a rights-based approach to orphans;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and took note with appreciation of the report of the Working Group on the work of its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This outcome is the product of your abilities and efficiency — qualities you have shown throughout your diplomatic career, both in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and here at the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has striven over the years to increase the focus on TCDC in its programme of work by using both its regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Brunei Police Force, in close cooperation and coordination with other national law enforcement agencies, cooperates with States in the region where the exchange of information and other operations can be carried out under similar conditions.
Since the negotiations on this international instrument were concluded at the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, my delegation has the honour to request that item 108 of the agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “Crime prevention and criminal justice”, be considered in plenary meeting only for the adoption of the draft United Nations convention against corruption at the appropriate time.
to the Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Renewing the United Nations: a programme for reform”;
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [D.125]8.
Progressive development of the principles and norms of international law relating to the new international economic order [P.150].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group had resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002 and had re-examined general issues regarding the scope of application of the draft convention (see A/CN.9/527, paras.
Paragraph 2
Norway supports all the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
The clarity with which they are part, moreover, of the efforts of African countries and the support provided by the international community and the United Nations system provides an easy understanding of the gravity of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is essential and urgent.
This would also be in line with the interests of the majority of Member States, which do not have sufficient staff resources to review all United Nations activities in detail.
The first biennial synthesis report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16) informed the Commission on Narcotic Drugs of the decline in global opium production, from about 20,000 tons per year at the beginning of the twentieth century to less than one third of that volume in 2000.
Africa provided 24 responses (21.4 per cent), the Americas 20 (17.9 per cent), Asia 32 (28.6 per cent), Europe 34 (30 per cent) and Oceania 2 (1.8 per cent).
Financing and mobilizing resources for alternative development and eradication of illicit drug crops
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
This is indeed a situation where everyone is lost, and in his report the Secretary-General explains why, in his view, this opportunity has been missed, and I will not dwell on it.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory has 14 State primary schools and four State secondary schools.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative of section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries rely mainly on PRSPs.
The border is therefore already determined, further strengthened by Security Council resolution 1507 (2003), which calls on both sides to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The positions reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal structures of Lipljan, the Pristina region, remained vacant, with no qualified candidates presenting themselves.
The representatives of the Kosovo Serbs from five municipalities, namely Kosovo Polje, Lipljan and Obilic (in the Pristina region), Novo Brdo (Gnjilane region) and Zvecan (B Mitrovica region), complained of difficulties in accessing judicial institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) economic stability at the national and decision-making levels; (b) commitment and commitment by Governments to address environmental management issues and to promote the prevention and mitigation of environmental damage through the advice and assistance of UNEP; and (c) voluntary contributions.
(iii) Technical material: a database and an electronic forum on best practices on the social and environmental responsibility of Internet-based companies (1); advisory services (information exchange centres) on persistent organic pollutants, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); online database on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction (1); information exchange centre and website of the Global Network on Energy for Sustainable Development (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive programme of socio-economic and political development in the continent, and it must also be addressed from a holistic perspective.
Interdependence of democracy and human rights 143
Recognizing the important role of women in the reconciliation process and in the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and exercised without discrimination of any kind;
Recommends the following draft decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Stressing the importance of full implementation of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS “Global Crisis, Global Action”, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001 at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note of:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, with a view to improving the efficiency and effectiveness of her work and to facilitating her access to the information necessary to carry out her functions, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and possible mechanisms for the promotion of the human rights of women;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, United Nations organs, programmes and specialized agencies, as well as international and non-governmental organizations, to indicate the measures they have taken to promote and implement, as appropriate, the guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights and the present resolution, and to submit an interim report to the General Assembly, in consultation with interested parties, for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Calls upon States to pay particular attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account that girls and boys may be exposed to different types of risks;
Notes with appreciation the affirmation by the General Assembly that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous people is one of the main objectives of the Decade, and calls for the speedy completion of the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee on derogations from the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights during a state of emergency,
Staff of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the rule of law, including by working with international donors to train law enforcement officials, who are committed to protecting and defending human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take steps to improve access to justice, as well as to implement prison reform measures to bring it into conformity with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43, paragraph 2, of the Convention, which brings the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child from 18 to 18, expressing the hope that this amendment will enable the Committee to effectively carry out the new tasks related to the follow-up to the two Optional Protocols to the Convention and also hopes that the Committee will complete the work late,
(g) To afford the widest possible assistance in connection with any investigation, criminal procedure or extradition proceedings relating to the offences set forth in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including in obtaining evidence at their disposal necessary for the purposes of the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
Also at the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally introduced the proposed amendments (E/CN.4/2003/L.77) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.2, which would include, before paragraph 1, two new paragraphs along the following lines:
Discrimination in the criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the proposed amendment (E/CN.4/2003/L.103) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.66, sponsored by Cuba.
Subsequently, Eritrea and Malaysia joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised operative paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that older women are more than men than men, and that the status of older women worldwide needs to be a priority,
It was understood that, if reimbursement was calculated on the basis of a standard rate, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for the costs incurred in connection with their participation in a United Nations peacekeeping force.
The Committee held discussions with the Secretariat to ensure that, in future, it would be provided in a timely manner with the detailed information corresponding to the simplified approach.
The additional information provided to the Committee indicated that the Mission had planned 46 aircraft for 2002/03: 22 helicopters and 24 680 flying hours and 24 fixed-wing and 39,700 flying hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. by Mr. David Anderson, President of the Governing Council at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chaskalson announced that, at the request of UNEP, an advisory committee of judges had been established to deepen cooperation between UNEP and the judiciary.
By note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted with Member States and received the following proposals in writing:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures constitute one of the main obstacles to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
For Gg CO2 equivalent read Gg
Often, the “greater churches” are involved in maintaining this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore unable to report on the fate or whereabouts of the persons concerned.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, of which 318 were clarified on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 on the basis of information provided by the source.
A small number of cases concerned persons who were allegedly arrested at checkpoints by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000, or abducted by Hizbollah and transferred to the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group again transmitted two updated cases on the basis of new information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our appreciation and appreciation to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barthelemy, who, through their dedication and willingness, are honoured to the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $796,000 relates to meetings of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender statistics, other measurable aspects of socio-economic life and the application of information technology;
During this raid, two Palestinians, including a 15-year-old boy, Mohammed Rabie Saber, died.
Developments in the peace process
However, between July and September 2002, some absolutely condemnable acts committed by the regular armed forces had caused the death of a considerable number of civilians, including the elderly, women and children whose responsibility in the conflict was far from being proved.
One member from Eastern European States;
Noting that, as some Parties have submitted their notifications late or failed to submit them, and that delays have occurred in the conduct of in-depth reviews, the assessment of implementation has been hampered,
It is expected that their implementation will continue to raise issues in the future, as it will take time to change the financial management culture and focus on outputs and accomplishments rather than on inputs and planning.
It was regrettable that the goals of the Programme of Action were not achieved in general, thus leaving the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance that affected the lives of millions of people worldwide.
They may do so in writing at any time.
C. Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee notes with concern that the rights contained in the Covenant are not adequately protected in relation to a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party seek international assistance for the effective functioning of the Public Defender's Office.
It also commends the State party for its efforts to make public the results of its interaction with the United Nations human rights treaty bodies, including by making it possible to consult their reports on the web site of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and by translating the concluding observations of these bodies into Estonian.
With regard to the general comment, he said that the emphasis should be on equality between men and women.
Individuals and groups should have full and equal access to information available to public authorities or third parties on water, water services and the environment.
The operation “A package for a peacekeeper” made it possible to send 15,000 packages to peacekeepers on mission in Bosnia and Lebanon at the time of the year's end holidays.
Reiterates its call upon the parties to intensify their efforts to take confidence-building measures and to contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Rwanda, Tonga, Uganda.
In particular, a set of documents should be developed:
A collective approach and spirit have emerged.
We will achieve these goals only by facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, by raising awareness of the dangers posed by mines, destroying stockpiled mines, providing assistance to victims, facilitating their social reintegration and convincing new States to formally accede to the Convention and to comply with its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political need of the Ottawa Convention, which is a way to significantly improve the lives of the peoples of many countries that are seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel landmines.
The report also presented a summary of the evolution of the role of the Special Unit for TCDC and described some of the resulting adjustments in its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) Is the accomplice of a person who commits or attempts to commit one of these acts.
“1 bis.
If the manslaughter is committed by the author while driving a vehicle in drunk, using drugs or medicines that alt his personality, or in a situation that endangers or restricts his mental, woliticized or physical capacity, the penalty of imprisonment for which he is liable is twofold from that imposed in the absence of these circumstances.
Each of the cases reviewed and the arguments heard, the Chairman addressed the procurement recommendations for approval by the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) The nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee, held in Brazzaville from 14 to 17 May 2003;
Convinced of the need to make every effort to contribute in an effective and coordinated manner to the challenge of removing anti-personnel mines placed throughout the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition, the social security courses in the LOGSE are intended for young people entering the labour market without completing their training.
Social security coverage in the Spanish system
The beneficiaries of this pension are surviving spouses and separated or divorced spouses, or whose marriage has been declared invalid.
Therefore, facilitating access to dignified housing is built into a principle that should guide public action.
(c) Management and resolution of personalized economic assistance files related to sheltered housing and protection for rehabilitation;
In these agreements, the central and autonomous public administrations retain their respective normative competence, which they exercise in a concerted manner to realize the cultural purpose of the conventions, which is financed by the proportion or amount granted.
One option may be to provide culturally appropriate and gender-sensitive education to children from their early age so as to promote a new culture that promotes joint action against HIV/AIDS and an improvement in the economic and social situation of all.
The rule in Barcelona Traction follows the general principles of the law of companies admitted by civilized nations and not customary international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule set out in Barcelona Traction led States to resort to bilateral investment treaties, which allow investors to settle their disputes with the host State before using ad hoc arbitration tribunals or the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes established by the Convention on the Settlement of Investment Disputes between States and Nationals of Other States.
Barcelona Traction Authority
In the Delagoa Bay case, the United Kingdom and the United States strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when intervening to protect their nationals who were shareholders in a Portuguese company to which Portugal itself had caused injury, but the arbitral tribunal seized of the dispute had jurisdiction only to determine the amount of reparation to be awarded.
Therefore, a corporation cannot change its nationality for the purposes of diplomatic protection by changing its social siege, domicile or place of control.
Ibid., p. 3.
“The Court notes from the outset that the complainants do not complain of a violation of their rights as shareholders of the brasserie Fix, such as to sit in the General Assembly and vote.
Mutual legal assistance shall be granted, to the extent permitted by the relevant laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the requested State Party, in connection with investigations, prosecutions and judicial proceedings in respect of crimes of which a legal person may be liable in the requesting State Party, in accordance with article [...] [Responsibility of legal persons] of this Convention.
(c) The full or partial allocation of the value of such proceeds or property or funds from their sale to the multilateral debt of the requesting State Party.
]
Proposed by Ukraine.
The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon are as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural youth worldwide, FAO also emphasizes in its programmes, projects and activities the importance of close family ties and the protection of major family values.
Although the situation of these people has changed somewhat following the recent conflict, some families have been able to return to their homes, the resettlement of displaced persons remains a major humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional arrangements on human rights continues to facilitate efforts on both sides in this field and that there are opportunities for increased cooperation,
Studies and degrees
Publications
- The rights of contingent soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Concern was expressed that many external factors were reported.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/OC.263) sent by Inocencio Arias, Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a supplementary interim report following that submitted by the Government of San Marino on 8 July 2002 pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
To that end, let me repeat it, the Secretariat's capacity should be strengthened and lessons learned from the success of the expert groups should be learned.
It goes without saying that my delegation fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcello Spatafora, who spoke so eloquently on behalf of the European Union.
As I also represent the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan in today's debate, I would like to stress the decisive and inspiring role played by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: Postgraduate courses in Political Science at the University of Sacré-Cour, Milan
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers arriving without permission on Christmas Island, the Cocos Islands and the Ashmore Islands have been returned to Nauru and the Isle of Man in Papua New Guinea, where they would be accommodated in detention centres pending a decision on their asylum applications;
Given the signs in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we are confident that the preparatory process will be completed, but also the conference.
As we have stated on many occasions, we fully support the regional approach to issues relating to the Great Lakes region, hence the importance of appropriate preparations for this international conference.
The Committee on Treaties had made some progress, including a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, but various policy issues had made any real progress more difficult.
In earlier negotiations under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denktash, as part of a comprehensive package of measures, had agreed that the area of the Turkish Cypriot State was within that range.
Concrete results in the area of gender equality did not seem to correspond to the number of actions taken or the political will of the Government of Canada; she therefore wished to know whether the Government had any new ideas to move forward.
More comprehensive information on the services to which women have access, the financing of women's organizations and policies for women, the persons or bodies responsible for such efforts and the cooperative measures taken would be welcome.
OIOS rightly points out that the centres in the latter should be managed differently from those in the first, where Internet access and libraries are not problematic.
Ms. Afifi (Morocco) said that it was very important for the Organization to have in place internal controls to detect irregularities and recommend solutions.
The important thing is to detect such transgressions as soon as possible and to prevent their proliferation.
The proposed items will be added to the list contained in the report of the Third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.4.2 The vapour aerosols shall be classified as flammable, highly inflammable or inflammable as follows:
The indigenous youth movement has emphasized the revitalization of indigenous languages.
It does not abide by any rule and seems committed to fulfilling its declared intentions despite international condemnation.
We have also seen that, in defiance of the will of the international community, it continues to build a expansionist wall, usurping Palestinian land and preventing the Palestinians from living normally.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the authority to undertake this essential task.
Stressing the importance of education in the promotion of tolerance, acceptance and respect for diversity, and that education, especially in schools, should make a useful contribution to promoting tolerance and the elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 calling for the necessary mechanisms to enable its associate members, including the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories, to participate, subject to the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, in the special sessions of the Assembly for the review and appraisal of the implementation of the plans of action of the United Nations world conferences in which those States are participating,
The value of an indicator on deposit guarantee schemes is easily explained, as the public considers that banks are not companies like others.
One of these steps has been the creation of a system of information collection on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization agrees to accept the statute of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Néstor Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
There is a need to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system, as well as to strengthen the role of our international Organization as coordinator of the efforts of the international community in support of the affected countries, taking into account the priorities set by the authorities of those States themselves.
Legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities for disaster preparedness and management, including the transfer of responsibility for disaster management from military to civilian control.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and of UNFPA for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters in New York from 20 to 23 January.
He stressed that full cost recovery was a fundamental necessity for the UNOPS business model.
They wished him a happy retirement.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and curfews in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would allow the programme to exceed its objectives.
It urges them not to recruit children as soldiers or auxiliaries, nor even to interfere with them in armed conflict.
Notes with satisfaction the success of the pilot project on the development of international broadcasting capacity for the United Nations, and endorses the Secretary-General's proposal that the pilot project be an integral part of the activities of the Department;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide free access to the Official Document System of the United Nations through the United Nations web site for consideration in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Suppl.
On a more encouraging note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all the official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group and stressed the need for that to continue.
It was noted that much could be learned from existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Basel Convention website (www.base.int).
At its 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on this agenda item on the basis of the draft contained in the relevant conference room paper, as orally amended.
(a) Undertake and oversee concrete activities of the project on priority areas, in particular the production, movement and environmentally sound management of wastes, as well as the active promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, France, Gabon, Germany, Guatemala, India, Ireland, Japan, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, Uganda, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Zimbabwe.
The French version of the UNGEGN information plate had been published.
The Conference began its consideration of agenda item 21 (Adoption of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before proceeding further and adopting the final text of its draft report.
Noting also the essential role played by the present United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and the sessions of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During his meeting with local NGOs, the expert's attention was again drawn to the need to provide uniforms and training for police officers.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on forest products production, consumption and trade (1); database on forest resources (1); database on assistance to countries with economies in transition in the forest sector (1); maintenance of a website providing meeting documents, excerpts of publications and information on activities related to the timber subprogramme (1);
The Special Rapporteur received detailed information on trafficking in children and child prostitution, inter alia, from the Children's Challenge, Government ministries, police, including the Central Office for the Suppression of Human Trafficking and the Juvenile Protection Brigade, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For meetings of the governing bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly adhered to, unless otherwise decided by the participants; if the secretariats are unable to provide pre-session documents in all the languages prescribed for reasons beyond their control, they should, on an exceptional basis, submit them provisionally in the form of abbreviated or summary summaries in the languages concerned, within the time limits set;
Although the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that it did not use the term “official language”, [signalons] [should be emphasized] that, when the General Assembly of WIPO considered a report entitled “Use of Portuguese as the working language of WIPO” (WO/GA/26/1), it recalled the decision taken by the governing bodies in 1979 to read:
Such a exercise could take place in the context of an inventory of the language skills of staff, which should itself be part of the periodic data provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or on human resources management.
It is also true that the time frame for translation is added to the normal time for implementation.
For example, the peer review process of the Development Assistance Committee of the Economic Development Cooperation Organization could be expanded to include trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed in the Human Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement comprehensive study programmes, including on human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention with a view to changing stereotypical attitudes about the roles of men and women, and in particular to accepting that the upbringing of children is a social responsibility of both mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators to take account of drop-outs and teenage pregnancies in national fertility surveys had been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that, following its consideration of the third periodic report concerning the Act on the 300-day period imposed on the widow or divorced woman before remarriage.
The Committee recommends that the State party take further measures to facilitate the reconciliation of family and work responsibilities and to promote equitable sharing of domestic and family responsibilities between men and women.
The Committee is concerned that there is no systematic collection of data on violence against women, including domestic violence.
According to the Banking Act (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) A fine of $500,000 if it is a legal person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press release on the occasion of the exchange of correspondence relating to the visits of Argentina to South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, in which they stated, inter alia, the following:
The facts and the history of the contracts relating to this project were explained in paragraphs 304 to 312.
This amount includes (a) USD 2,300,392 for works performed and materials delivered to the project site and (b) USD 1,457,674 for the retention monies.
The evidence shows that the work to which the last drops (decrease 47 and 61) were performed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation of the departure of its employees from Iraq, which left the project assets under surveillance.
No other deduction was made after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Iraqi customs authorities never cancelled the remaining portion of the fines (IQD 348,000) that they had imposed on the Consortium.
In short, the Committee intends to shorten these reports and recommendations, whenever possible, and thereby reduce the cost of their translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, with regard to the follow-up to the major United Nations conferences and summits, the Council must play a central role in monitoring the concrete progress made towards the various goals established by those conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which Heads of State and Government resolved to make every effort to ensure the entry into force of the Kyoto Protocol and to embark on the required reduction in greenhouse gas emissions,
That suggestion had not been accepted, but it was to be hoped that the authors would wish to consider whether a less frequent review would not be sufficient in the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of the Interior and Spatial Planning of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed in the Executive Council to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore intended to provide the Committee with the necessary resources to carry out its tasks.
It cannot be justified in any way that it is tolerated, whose repercussions are still severe.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to promoting the equitable use of ocean resources and to protecting and preserving the marine environment.
With regard to the follow-up to the Millennium Summit, mention should be made of the Secretary-General's observation in his report that the Goals could be achieved if, by 2015, we maintain and boost the momentum that has been generated over the past three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, there can be no more important or noble goal than poverty eradication.
A death under suspicious conditions that was not clarified was registered in the Mape detention camp, where Liberian combatants seeking refuge in Sierra Leone were immobilized.
While the recovery of heavy weapons began in Mazar-e-Sharif, the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration will commence only in early January to allow sufficient time to verify the four divisions in the area, as well as the list of 2,000 troops and officers expected to participate in the operation, twice as much as during the pilot phases of Kunduz and Gardez.
However, these capacities should not be available before the beginning of the summer of 2004, when five provincial reconstruction teams in northern Afghanistan are expected to pass under ISAF command.
Activities for which larger core resources should be made available include:
UNIFEM strategies
Ten-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on women, peace and security (S/2002/1154); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Experts Assessment on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Role in Peace-building (UNIFEM, 2002); Not a minute to lose to end violence against women and other initiatives (UNIFEM, 2003).
The Panel is of the view that these illicit imports of Serbian weapons have significantly increased the fire power of the Government of Liberia in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations agencies are currently preparing five regional sub-offices in Saclepea (Nimba de Nimba), Voinjama (Lofa County), Gbarnga-Pebe (Bong County), Harper ( Maryland County) and Zwedru (Grandeh County), from which they provide humanitarian assistance within the country.
Charles Taylor exercised control over all high- profit, legal or illicit industries in Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral agencies
The weakening of Islamic groups would be due to the improvement of the economic situation, the opportunities offered by power, social resistance, especially those of the elites who sought freedom and democracy, but also to the actions of the law enforcement agencies, both and so long as the mais seemed to have lost their attractiveness to many young people.
Today, according to the Ministry of Religious Affairs, there would be 11,941 operating mosques, of which 1,840 would be completed and 1,079 would be completed.
The working papers prepared by major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report to the Commission on the work of the Committee on Energy at its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) ESCWA member States will support efforts to promote the use of information and communication technologies to improve competitiveness and productivity; (b) there will be sufficient information technology infrastructure and applications to support networking and networking among member States at the World Summit.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam was a religion of tolerance; the Shari had been perfectly compatible with human rights.
In particular, the aim was to define effective algorithms of filtering and run-off, since the combination of the problem is high.
In collaboration with the researchers of Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (United States) and the Imperial College in London, the Natural History Museum continued to evaluate in situ analysis techniques of particles caught in a silice.
The key development challenges should be linked to seizure equipment, its attitude and orbit correction system and its guidance, navigation and control components, necessary for the secure approach of uncontrolled and unpredictable objects.
At least two derementations (an Ekran satellite and a Titan gun) occurred in the geostationary orbit, but the corresponding fragments were not identified, meaning that their orbits are unknown.
Item 3.
The Security Council supports the commitment of the Afghan Interim Administration to eradicate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement the decrees banning the cultivation, production and processing of opium poppy, including illicit drug trafficking and drug abuse.
The list of these issues was presented by the author during UNCTAD's 2002 meeting in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not contradictory, but rather complementary and interdependent.
• Regional security exceptions
Minimum requirements for medically assisted treatment of drug abusers
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9, 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered the quadrennial reports deferred from previous sessions under agenda item 4.
The Secretariat would prepare a draft letter for distribution to the members of the working group.
In terms of content development, emphasis is placed on the design of language products and services, materials and formats that allow for optimal dissemination and use by broadcasters and users.
• In order to expand its outreach, the Regional Information Centre will work closely with resident coordinator offices in countries where it exists and can enter into partnerships with national institutions and organizations, such as United Nations Associations.
Phase 2 ended on 4 February 2002 with the entry into force of the new multilingual system, which fully exploits the multilingual capacities of the Lotus Notes environment, allowing users to choose among the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity regarding the law and practice of police custody, the length of police custody and access to a lawyer during the detention.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Consultative Commission on Human Rights to function in accordance with the Principles relating to the status of national institutions for the promotion and protection of human rights (“the Paris Principles”), as set out in General Assembly resolution 48/134.
Information on measures taken by the authorities to prosecute perpetrators of trafficking, as well as more precise information on the number of victims and the number of children who have benefited from protection, repatriation and reintegration measures, should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements and the biennial support budget are fully in line with the four-year clarification period.
Ms. Shin commended Mexico for having organized the first world conference on women in 1975 and ratified the Convention and the Optional Protocol early.
The equality of men and women is of particular importance in economic and social development.
Accordingly, the main objectives of UNISPACE III were:
The Ministry of Justice has received requests for registration from more than 100 parties.
Examples of initiatives to strengthen the capacities of LDCs for the implementation of good governance principles include the funding by the United Kingdom Department for International Development of a programme for local governance reforms in the United Republic of Tanzania; G-8 support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which includes 34 LDCs; Italy's participation in the African Regional Centre for Technical Assistance;
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example — have announced additional debt relief and, in view of the inadequacy of the HIPC Trust Fund reserves, some have decided to increase their contributions to the Fund, and the Government of Morocco has announced debt cancellation for African LDCs and the duty-free admission of their exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his latest report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), as well as the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
Relations with Jakarta have been standardized; militia members based in West Timor seem, in our view, largely demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to emphasize that, as the Secretary-General has rightly said, the lasting stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of the Timorese leadership to the rule of law and its continued efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism has been installed at the rostrum to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
The general debate will be broadcast live on the Web and archived for viewing on request at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity referred to by the representative of Turkey is only one — and I am referring here to the terminology of the European Code of Human Rights and the subordinate administration, local Turkey, and nothing else.
The European Anti-racist Football Network also organizes annual events in Monecchio, Italy, the Anti-racist World Cup, a cultural and sporting event that brings together non-European artistes and non-professional tramps belonging to migrant communities.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Panel discussion on “Reducing the risks posed by biological weapons”
Article 34
(b) If both spouses are staff members of the Secretariat, only one of the spouses may benefit dependent children from the provisions of subparagraphs (a) (i) and (ii) above, the other may avail himself of the provisions of subparagraph (a) (iii) above if he or she is otherwise eligible;
The consideration of this issue has led to a discussion of measures to increase transparency in small arms and light weapons.
Given the importance of partnership in implementing sustainable development programmes, the meeting called for more such initiatives and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II to the Staff Regulations - the amount of the education grant and special education grant
Annex III
Matters relating to registries under Article 7, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions on the Middle East of the 2000 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons;
Deeply concerned about discrimination against the girl child and about violations of their rights, which often reduce access to education, adequate food and physical and mental health care, reduce their enjoyment of the rights, opportunities and benefits of children and adolescents, and are frequently subject to various forms of cultural, social, sexual and economic exploitation,
Emphasizing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should constitute the standard for the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, and recognizing the importance of the optional protocols to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children engaged in armed conflict, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing and ratifying or acceding to the Optional Protocols to the Convention on Children and Armed Conflict, on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography,3 and urges them to implement them fully;
Convinced that collective action is yielding better results, she believes that all nations in a position to do so should contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
These include the management of mine action data and standards.
I do not intend to prejudge the intentions of the high-level panel of eminent persons on United Nations reform, but, in my view, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is considered in peacekeeping mandates and, where appropriate, included in them.
See generally Best Practices in Poverty Reduction: An Analytical Framework, Ease Øyer (ed.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, as close as possible at the close of the Commission's session, chapter II of the report of the Commission containing summaries of the work of the session, chapter III containing the points on which States' comments would be of particular interest to the Commission, and the draft articles adopted by the Commission on first or second reading;
During the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers pledged themselves, under the Charter, to ensure that the Territories under their administration reached an appropriate level of self-government.
The Chairman: If no other delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will proceed to take action on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee shall hold at least one session of 10 working days in 2003 within existing resources, prior to the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
One of the outcomes of the meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation policies and legislation.
A 7), chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is today in the urgent need for assistance and support from the international community.
Saint Lucia, which is presiding over this Assembly, is establishing a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the competent support of your Caribbean Community neighbours.
What will be the result on the cruel and emerging industries of poor countries?
It is important for all nations of the world to recognize that what happened in Iraq — the atrocities of the past, reconstruction today — is a tragic historical event and that the international community must promote that reconstruction and be with us at this time.
Mr. Hu paid tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that, although China had not signed it, that had not prevented it from having exchanges and cooperation with the signatory countries.
Of the 250,000 people who have died in war-related circumstances since 1989, at least half of them are civilians non-combatants.
(f) Facilitating the free movement of people, humanitarian assistance and goods throughout Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In the event of any infringement of women's rights in employment, the person concerned has the right to petition the court in accordance with the Code of Civil Procedure.
There are several non-governmental organizations working on family planning issues in Latvia.
Despite these efforts, the Panel has been affected in its work by a number of factors, including its low level of staffing, the limited operating budget and the division of the country, as well as the alignment of many media outlets with the positions of either side and the fragmented nature of information infrastructure outside the capital.
Despite this, the Assembly still has difficulty in refuting the accusation that it does not fulfil its mandate under the Charter of the United Nations.
It is therefore encouraging — given the commitment to complete phase II of the weapons disposal plan by 24 December 2002, as envisaged — to note that the Action Plan for the completion of weapons collection was adopted at the meeting in Buka on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key to progress in the peace process, in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998 on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 57/291 of 20 December 2002,
This is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by an international organization, within its competence and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the General Assembly.
Naturally, this should be done under the supervision of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): Let me begin by thanking you, Mr. President, for convening this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that we must act cautiously.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal is ready to assist the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, in the best possible way by providing troops and other resources.
The Committee's recommendations complement actions taken by intergovernmental bodies and processes, including at the high-level conferences and summits held since the submission of the last report in 2001, such as the World Summit on Sustainable Development held in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development held in Monterrey in March 2002.
Because of their geographical and economic isolation and marginalization, they are often more vulnerable than others to violence, particularly domestic violence and trafficking.
Africa II Division
Fourteen countries received assistance of $4 million or more.
Members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was essential, and that Angola should seek to address specific humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea): Thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this meeting.
I believe that, beginning at the end of the year, UNDP will be uniquely positioned to develop and strengthen the technical capacity of Bougainville to the extent of its technical and other expertise.
With the support of the Yugoslav People's Army, the Serbian forces took control of parts of Western Slavonia and Eastern Slavonia that eventually reunited those territories in a single State, the “Reika Krajina”.
Combating desertification is an important element of sustainable development in addition to being an environmental problem.
Such cooperation links individuals and firms in developing countries and helps to attract domestic and foreign investment to strengthen and modernize productive capacities, which increases the competitive position of the manufacturing sector in developing countries.
For our part, Jordan rejects all evil lies and sinister campaigns aimed at denigrating Arabs and Muslims by labelling them as terrorists.
There is, behind the discussions that took place before the war and always fuelling controversy, a serious unease in the distribution of power on the international scene that emerged after the cold war.
Suicide attacks targeting innocent civilians must end, and the occupation of Arab lands must cease.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly regain its primacy at the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council be more visible and relevant to ordinary people.
Stresses the need to establish a transitional administration in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations and governed by the Organization, in order to ensure stability and create the conditions necessary for lasting peace and respect for human rights.
As to the implementation of paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future courses would be attended by more participants was to be welcomed.
The review process was not intended to renegotiate the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that policy indicators, whether at the national or international level, were more difficult to define than indicators for achieving concrete results, such as certain types of technical assistance.
As part of the establishment of new mechanisms, the issue of stable flows should receive adequate attention.
Such errors noted in the report, which might seem to be superficial, were in fact serious and fundamental if they were put in a political context.
He wished to inform the representative that, whatever the historical illusions he had chosen to do, he had to be careful to compare the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been exiled, with the current political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
H. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and admission of observers 29-30 7
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, effective 1 January 2004:
Assistance to developing countries in their multilateral trade negotiations on services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in that area had been recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General hereby transmits to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization, in response to Economic and Social Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998 and 53/200 of 15 December 1998.
Several ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of leading industrial associations and non-governmental groups also attended.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) When transactions have been made with or by natural or legal persons residing in countries that do not cooperate with the International Financial Action Task Force (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, established the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa at Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and at the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, environmentally sound social and economic policies, responsive democratic institutions that are responsive to the needs of people, the supremacy of law, anti-corruption measures, gender equality and an enabling environment for investment are the basis for sustainable development and are essential for the provision of adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is due to the gradual downsizing of the civilian police force from 3,055 in July 2004 to 2,195 in June 2005.
The report concluded that the combination of evaluation based on diverse assessments and a multisectoral approach was fruitful.
Emphasizes that all future and existing peacekeeping missions shall be given equal and non-discriminatory treatment in respect of financial and administrative arrangements;
The officers, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (Oman), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Malevich (Belarus), Vice-Chairperson-cum-Rapporteur.
The insolvency law
I would also like to express our appreciation to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his extremely useful comments on the contribution of ECOSOC to the peace process.
Model provision 51 is approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations at the nineteenth session of the Programme and Budget Committee held recently, the Director-General entrusted the Director-General of the Programme Development and Technical Cooperation Division with the task of further developing evaluation and developing appropriate performance indicators.
Prior to replication in other integrated programmes and adopting this combined approach as a UNIDO standard methodology, the indicator framework is currently being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions for adoption by the Council
Annex II
The Hydril claim relates to six contracts with INOC for the sale of items to be used in oilfields in Iraq.
Although the basis for such comparisons is not ideal, as has already been mentioned, the evidence that UNIDO assumes a disproportionate responsibility as it manages all VIC buildings is sufficiently convincing.
NEPAD supports the creation of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations was clearly reflected in the late formulation of a reservation, and therefore the restrictions adopted in the latter case (guidelines 2.3.1 to 2.3.3) should be transposed to cases of assessment of the scope of reservations, which reflected the current practice, particularly of the current practice.
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposed a definition of objections taking into account theoretical considerations and the study of practice.
When the dumps are properly sealed, the risk of infiltration of oil into the underlying waters is minimal.
Please describe any legislative and/or administrative measures taken to implement this travel ban.
The procedures for the import and export of arms are the subject of responses to questions 22 and 23, and any activity other than those provided for in these procedures is considered an offence under the criminal law applicable in this case.
Space:
A list of space systems devoted to sustainable development is contained in table 1.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): For 11 years, the United Nations General Assembly has adopted annual resolutions calling on all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and to abide by the principles contained in international legal instruments, repealing or invalidating all laws and measures with extraterritorial effects, which affect the sovereignty of other States, the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction.
Castro remains obstinately opposed to political openness and continues to deny the Cuban people the most basic rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Asset Disposal Unit would be expected to evolve with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council on the question
At 0910 hours, the inspectors met with the Director of the warehouses to which they asked about activities at those sites, the type of medicines and diagnostic equipment stored, the structure of the enterprise and the names of its main managers, and whether vaccines had been imported and distributed and changes had taken place during the past four years.
A 24 per cent ceiling and a minimum rate of 0.01 per cent will be used for the preparation of the scale of assessments for the budget of the Tribunal (see para.
At the Twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was agreed that the Tribunal should continue to pursue its current practice with regard to staff assessment, pending the adoption of a decision based on a detailed proposal to be submitted by the Tribunal to the Thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the aforementioned Act provides for separate protection for persons who organize or participate in the strike, provided that the movement is organized in accordance with the law.
Equality of access to public higher education allows for the motivation of students who wish to pursue their studies by encouraging them to achieve good results from secondary school.
As a result, phenomena such as soil erosion and the extinction of plant and animal species in certain environments (forest, rivers and lakes) could hamper the harmonious development of Montenegro, which in turn means that the current level of poverty may continue.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 on Social Security (Minimum Standards), insured persons who have contributed for less than 20 years acquire the right to retire at the age of 65 for men and 60 for women after 15 years of contribution.
See table 18, annex.
The European Union stresses the importance of rapid deployment of the international stabilization force/institution force.
Have you encountered any implementation problems related to the presentation of names and identification information currently on the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly*
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Non-Applicability of Statutory Limitations to War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity of 26 November 1968 should be able, in this case, to apply unreservedly, as well as those, when justified, of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have internationally defined guarantees for the protection of children, but they remain unimplemented.
That attitude should be repudiated by the Security Council, as it is cynical, anachronistic and an act of violation of the agreed ceasefire and truce.
Concerned about the fate of many Kuwaitis and third-country nationals who have been missing since 2 August 1990,
(We hope that the principle of gender equality will be implemented.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly
The discussion of this topic today is therefore an absolute necessity and is very much about it.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement in explanation of position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear any objection, I shall now put the draft resolution to the vote.
Under sub-item 117 (b):
The Panel also reviewed several claims for business losses alleged by the claimants as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
b Excludes the amount of USD 2,174,379.83 for business losses incurred by Kuwaiti companies, which will be reviewed by the “E4” Panels in accordance with Governing Council decision 123.
Stresses the need to fight for wider acceptance, for the operationalization and realization of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to formulate the necessary actions and to put in place the necessary measures for the implementation of the right to development as a human right;
Developments in the human rights situation since the signing of the Peace Agreements
That is why the next Government urgently needs to build on the successes of police officers, judges, prosecutors and human rights activists whose dedication and courage are the basis for reform.
There is still no comprehensive global definition of universal human rights obligations that correspond to the right to education.
The truth about the events in Khodjali
This reference to international organizations prompted the inclusion in article 2, paragraph 1 (i), of the following definition for the purposes of the Convention:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Introduction)).
In order to address the new priorities, the first was to identify obsolete activities.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections were held in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly, which established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of 1983, which currently governs the institutional life of the nation.
Decisions concerning the next meeting of the Committee on Budget and Finance, including dates and venue.
Improving and modernizing the conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi so that it can accommodate important meetings and conferences in an effective manner
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance of the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and embodied in the International Covenants on Human Rights and in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “National research on space debris, safety of space objects with nuclear power sources and problems relating to their collision with space debris” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.265/Add.1).
Function of space object: The satellite is used for commercial telecommunications and defence purposes.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet done so to require financial institutions to implement fully, as appropriate, precautionary and vigilance programmes that can promote transparency and prevent the placement of illicitly acquired funds;
We highly appreciate the initiative taken by the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global marine assessment mechanism, based on a previous General Assembly resolution, resolution 57/141, and the report of the Secretary-General this year, which is now reflected in draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a transparent and regular inter-agency cooperation and coordination mechanism within the United Nations system to fill the gap left by the abolition of the Subcommittee on Oceans and Coastal Areas.
In ratifying the Convention, we affirmed our belief in the application of the rule of law to the world's oceans.
The results of the project, including the specific recommendations on minimizing risks to biodiversity resulting from mining activities to the ocean funds, will be transmitted by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the increase in the base/floor salary scale, the Committee noted that the issue of possible adjustments to staff assessment rates to address the imbalances in the Tax Equalization Fund had been discussed with the United Nations Secretariat, which had indicated that no immediate changes were required.
On 20 September, the arbitrary arrest of members of a humanitarian commission composed of non-governmental organizations, labour centres and the Office of the Ombudsman of Valle del Cauca was reportedly carried out in Cali to support the Cauca peasant march.
The adoption of Act No. 747 of 2002 makes trafficking in persons a criminal offence.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda*
Such support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute in the long term to poverty reduction.
The experience of the United Nations itself shows that in most cases the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is shaped and structured by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of conflict resolution.
In addition, disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes for ex-combatants must be implemented, arms trafficking, especially small arms, the return of refugees and displaced persons to their countries and the promotion of human rights.
At this stage of our debate, however, I would like to make a few remarks, first of them a comment on the evolution of the work of our Council.
It is enough to look at some of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from one post-conflict situation to another.
Before addressing the role of the United Nations in overcoming these conflicts, I would like to make a comment on those conflicts themselves.
We firmly believe that in order to be credible and effective, the Council must enjoy the full confidence and support of the international community.
He also stressed that the Charter should be the basis for ensuring the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network has shown how various partners in the international community can work together to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for lead countries of the Youth Employment Network*
Opening of the session
The travaux préparatoires shall indicate, with regard to paragraph 2 (a) of this article, that a State Party may choose to establish procedures to recognize and enforce a foreign freezing or seizure decision, or to use such a decision to seek a freezing or seizure order from its own authorities.
Governments have used security legislation to justify censorship of certain human rights information and to retaliate against defenders.
Effects estimate: Several Parties provided an estimate of the effects of different transport sector policies (Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Estonia, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and United Kingdom).
Policies and measures with broader objectives than the only response to climate change: The most commonly reported policies in agriculture fall under this category.
Policies and measures to combat CH4 emissions from animal feed are focused on reducing the number of heads of livestock by reducing the size of the national livestock and intensifying farming practices, combined with an increase in per capita yield, reducing the number of livestock (Belgium), reducing the number of animal husbandry (Slovakia) and conducting research programmes specifically to study the average production of CH4 crops.
The special session of 2003 on the budget of the UNICEF Executive Board will be held on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth renewable energy network is expected to be established before the end of 2003.
Such networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
Contemporary vocabulary offers terms such as “real time” or “Internet sites”, as if any delay in transmission and processing of information removed any reality, or in any case it was seriously devalued.
All countries that measure certain economic functions share a common emphasis on the fact that the function is within the enterprise or is performed by several enterprises.
Many of the measures that have been taken over the past few years would have been impossible without the progress made in terms of concepts and definitions by the OECD Working Group on Indicators for the Information Society practitioners.
Lastly, the Secretariat should indicate the share of extrabudgetary resources allocated to each of the sections in question during the previous four bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi) with the following paragraph:
In Ghana, the prevalence rate of HIV/AIDS of 3.4 per cent has not decreased in the past two years, although it is below that of other countries in the West African region, where the rates range from 5 to 11 per cent.
We are now one of the largest donors in East Asia and the Pacific in terms of commitments and expenditures.
In this context, I am pleased to recall the directions we have set for ourselves in Tunisia since the change of 7 November 1987, which have identified, as one of the priorities, the recognition of human rights, in their various dimensions and in their holistic vision, which includes the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The hegemonic ambitions require the smaller countries in the region to commit themselves to high military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, the Iraqis are beginning to recover with the help of their allies and friends, and they look forward to the assistance of the international community, under the aegis of the United Nations.
If the table does not indicate a conservativeness factor for a particular source category, a factor should be used for a category with similar characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 to read:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect the human rights of all persons in all their situations;
Decides to continue its consideration of the question at its sixtieth session under the agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms in any part of the world”.
We also welcome the appointment of Mr. Jacques Klein as Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
In that regard, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the level of economic and social development, but also political, which would allow it to consider the final status issue on an immediate horizon.
In particular, the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Kosovo Assembly is a good sign.
Such a transfer is of paramount importance.
In Kosovo, therefore, much remains to be done.
The continuation of the Kosovo Protection Corps in this form is likely to destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the post structure of the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the scenario proposed by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by the United Nations under a hire-purchase agreement upon the expiry of which it would become the owner of the building and the land on which it would be built;
Decides to consider further the conference and support services to be provided to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003 in the light of the Security Council's review of the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
Companies are increasingly keen to report on their impact on society and how they manage them.
The text of its statement on the remaining five reports, which are system-wide, will be made available to delegations in due course.
One of the areas of activity that have evolved considerably in recent years is the preparation of documents for ship crews.
Section III of the Criminal Code, entitled “Criminal offences against individual freedom”, provides in article 151 that anyone who deprives others of their liberty by illegal means shall be liable to six months to three years' imprisonment; if the act includes the use of threat, abuse or grievance, or if committed by way of vengeance or profit, or if it causes serious harm to health, or to the victim, or to the victim of the offence.
Different regulations and laws apply to each of the components of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, to the extent possible, the names of persons or entities associated with Usama Bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida whose names are not included on the list, unless disclosure of such information would jeopardize the investigation or enforcement measures.
The main strategic commitment of South Africa to the Middle East conflict, as clearly demonstrated by the Presidential Seminar for Peace in Spier, is to strengthen the peace camps in Israel and Palestine; to share South Africa's experience with a wide range of civil society and the Governments of Israel and Palestine; to contribute to the reform process in Palestine and to support international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the military component of UNMIAR was completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative staff also had to leave the Mission area on that date, in accordance with the wish expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources contacted, approximately 60 per cent of Liberian territory was under rebel control;
1 D-1, 1 P-5, 1 P-4, 1 P-3,a 1 P-2,
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community committed itself to sharing responsibility for reducing the social and environmental vulnerability of the region (major); to rebuild and transform Central America in line with the integrated principles of transparency and good governance; to consolidate democracy and good governance; to strengthen the decentralization process, with the active participation of civil society; to promote respect for human rights (continuing goal) with special attention to gender equality.
During the reporting period, the Council considered many issues of major interest in the maintenance of international peace and security in Europe, Asia, especially the Middle East, Oceania and Africa.
In the area of security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that sporadic fighting in the north, south-east and to a lesser extent in the west of the country constituted threats.
They called for the expansion of the membership of the Security Council so that it can regain its legitimacy, be more representative of the state of global geopolitical and better reflect it.
I have the honour to refer to your letter to President Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 concerning the request of Judge Navanethem Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to extend his mandate to the Tribunal until the completion of the so-called Media case, which should not go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention paid to the situation of women and girls and the mainstreaming of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of the major conferences, special sessions and summits, as well as in the follow-up thereto, and reaffirming its commitment to building on the progress achieved,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the Chairman of the Commission at its twelfth session should be from the Group of Eastern European States and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee recommends against this position for the reasons stated in the general report.
Ms. Acar said that the Committee's concern about raising the age of marriage for family reunification was a necessary consequence of its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether special measures had been taken, such as childcare and separate classes, to encourage immigrant women to attend Danish courses.
Over the past two decades, governance has become a concern for both developed and developing countries, especially as they all face the same types of problems at the beginning of the century, though at different levels: corruption, constitutional crisis, economic stagnation, ethnic conflict and growing crime.
Organization of the work of the session
Requests the administering Power to cooperate in the development of programmes specifically aimed at promoting sustainable economic activities and enterprises, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
THE SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE PERMANENT OF CUBA TO THE CONFERENCE, TRANSMITTED ON INFORMATION ON ITS INFORMATION ON SIGNATURE, THE 18 SEPTEMBER 2003
Stresses the importance of simplifying and harmonizing requests for reports of the United Nations system to Member States, and urges the relevant United Nations agencies and bodies, in consultation with Member States, to adopt simplified and harmonized methodologies and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and upon request, in the preparation of reports based on national data and statistics;
“The Government of India had previously instructed the State of Karnataka to leave pending the order to leave the country concerning Father François Marie Godest.
Technology had a role to play in expanding access to information, in particular geographic information systems, which, in the form of databases and software tools, could improve access to information for planning, logistics (e.g. evacuation routes) and other purposes, enable understanding and forecasting of phenomena and address problems in geographical space, and facilitate public participation.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now have the pleasure of delivering the words I am sure all of us have heard: we have now completed our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I have been conducting a number of bilateral, group and open-ended consultations last December in Geneva and New York.
The view was expressed that liberal policies against the abuse of cannabis not only posed a threat to public health but also undermined the efforts of developing countries, which were making considerable efforts and resources to reduce cannabis cultivation in their territory.
- In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Bureau has initiated several public discussions and consultations on legislative reforms on the status of women in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 girls have benefited from this fund.
The first promotion of 116 teacher students is expected to be completed in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector are the increase in life expectancy for all Guanians, the reduction of disparities between social groups, improved access to care and the quality of care, and ensuring that health services are provided at affordable cost.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations on legal remedies, including a bill to hold lawyers accountable to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary steps to promote and expand cooperation and coordination between the secretariats of the two organizations in order to enhance their capacity to achieve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, the participants stressed in particular the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
The distance learning programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations are collaborating with the staff of various ministries and departments involved in the fight against AIDS and lessons learned are then disseminated at the country level.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that the Group associated itself with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department suggests that the problem could be solved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 to 57/128 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) Sharing information between law enforcement agencies in sensitive areas or disputed border areas; joint border control and customs control activities;
This form of integration was highlighted in the commitments made by the Copenhagen Summit and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme State Monitoring Body oversees the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of State funds by central and local government bodies, as well as the economic activities of legal persons whose State has more than half the shares or shares (art. 162, 165 of the Constitution).
Having also considered the letter dated 7 May 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia addressed to the President of the Security Council, which is attached thereto,
If necessary, it would also monitor operational, financial and personnel issues related to MINUGUA.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Missiles”.
Those who have ordered and perpetrated these crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nicanor Duarte Frutos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan reported that it had concluded bilateral extradition treaties with 27 States, which included terrorist acts defined as extraditable offences, and that more than 450 alleged terrorists had been extradited under those treaties.
Such activities are being carried out with the Commonwealth Secretariat on the drafting of legislative guides, with the Organization of American States to support the work of the Office in Haiti and with OSCE.
Thematic communications campaigns
A senior official of the Department visited Brussels in June to review the preliminary arrangements with relevant officials of the Belgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed site for the Pole.
The meeting offered a useful opportunity to exchange views between staff of the Department of Public Information working at Headquarters and their colleagues in the field offices, as well as several external guests, on how to manage the transition from the concept of regionalization to its implementation.
The official position of the United Nations on matters that make the titles of the item is communicated by the Office of the Spokesperson through press briefings, official statements, interviews and briefings.
Any person who incites grazing or other presumptions of livestock, without the permission of his or her owners, or in grasslands around forests that supply water villages, even belonging to individuals, is punishable by 6 to 18 months' imprisonment.
The average vacancy rates for staff in the Professional and higher categories in several sections of the budget (5-16, 19 and 22) were higher than the budgeted vacancy rates, including delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, separations and temporary assignments to higher posts (A/58/558, para.
The meaning of the Penal Code is “recruitment” by asking a third party to perform an act, which in itself is not punishable by law.
In Swiss law, there are many criminal standards applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (annex 1 to Switzerland's first report of 19 December 2001 contains a list of such offences).
On 1 January 2002, the Act to improve the protection of civil courts in cases of violence and unwanted sexual advances, as well as to facilitate the allocation of marital housing in cases of separation (Gesetz zur Verbeserung des zilgerichtlichen Schutzes bi Gewaltta und Nachstellungen sowie zur Erleichterung der Überlasstchung der Ehewerung
This applies only if the person is insured in the Federal Employment Service before receiving maternity benefits or before starting raising children, or in cases where unemployment or unemployment assistance has ceased to be paid.
A balanced participation of women and men in politics has yet to be achieved.
• In addition, in the face of the increasing number of divorces, women are no longer entitled to a survivor's pension.
Part II contains a statement of the measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
Also in this area, the Federal Government's plan of action envisages a series of measures to improve the situation of data by reorganizing police criminal statistics and completing a representative survey on violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children, held in Yokohama in December 2001, it became clear that there was greater awareness of the problems of sexual exploitation of children and that many measures had been taken.
This decision aims to prevent and combat the production, treatment, distribution and possession of child pornography on the Internet.
- Offenders - differentiation rather than generalization;
6.4 Legal proceedings initiated against German women who committed sexual violence abroad
The previous regulations on custody and visiting rights did not provide for the right of care for unmarried parents.
- Manual for municipal equality activities in Saxe, prepared by the Ministry of State for Equality of Women and Men (Saxis);
- Obligations for all Land and Local Authorities, as well as for all other legal persons subject to the supervision of the Sax State under the Act, to work for equal participation of women and men (section 15 of the SächsFG Act of 31 March 1994 (SächsGVBI), p. 3.
Social assistance, civil commitment
Gleichberechtigtigungskonze “ Konzet für die Förderung der gleichberechtigen Betiligung von Frauen und Malnern am Entwicklungsprozess”
The only solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which has become increasingly serious, in recent times is the implementation of the Quartet's road map, as has been said, in the Declaration delivered by the Quartet at its last meeting in New York.
The question before us highlights the fragility of the situation and the importance of defining a more comprehensive peace agreement for the entire Middle East region.
Article 8 Exchange of information and documents
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as in the past two years, the debate, instead of focusing on the annual theme, would focus on the High Commissioner's introductory statement.
Programme, administrative and financial matters
1997-present Member of the International Association of Prosecutors.
These measures should help to locate and control firearms owners.
Women and girls who are victims of trafficking are subjected to violence and seriously violate their human rights.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibn Chambas Executive Secretary
Moreover, since the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular personnel from the scope of the study, the logic was that officials of international organizations should be excluded.
Administrative and financial matters 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not decline and that we will have the political will to continue to move forward, as called for by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/227 entitled “Further measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic, social and related fields”.
We also join previous speakers in thanking the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields” (A/58/359).
The national policy and strategy plan to combat malaria was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to involve local governments, civil society and the private sector in the development and implementation of road safety policies.
The Committee may also wish to consider the possibility of implementing the Secretary-General's proposals, contained in his report on the Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and of establishing an ad hoc informal working group, subsidiary body or informal technical mechanism to discuss measures for the peaceful settlement of disputes that may be implemented in the case of conflicts that have already been brought to the attention of the Council or will be brought to its attention at short notice.
When the Security Council is able to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, in ending wars and promoting peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of regional peace and security, the international community will undoubtedly be able to invest greater hopes in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
That balance, it must be said, placed the primary responsibility on the parties themselves, even if they could resort to external intervention to help them resolve their disputes.
We must forcefully reaffirm our commitment to the rule of law in relations between States and thus to the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of jurisdictional channels.
(a) To take measures to protect students from violence, injury or abuse, including sexual violence and intimidation in schools, to establish complaint mechanisms that are accessible to children, and to undertake thorough investigations of all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit, by 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and resolution 1379 (2001), which would, inter alia:
Furthermore, the Council is reviewing the system of division of responsibilities, which has served as an inter-agency coordination mechanism following the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-Chairman, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem closely linked to other global issues that are at the heart of the Organization's mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, as well as each party to an armed conflict, shall mark, remove or destroy explosive remnants of war in the affected territories under its control.
Welcoming the ongoing cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development and other organizations working in the field of competition law and policy, and in particular the commitment made at the Fourth WTO Ministerial Conference in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Awais
The deployment of MINUCI is proceeding satisfactorily, with a first group of 26 military liaison officers arriving in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new communications strategy is being developed in preparation for the World Summit on the Information Society to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The involvement of the United Nations system in East Timor has been a particularly interesting and rich experience to be learned if it is to confirm its positive results and to prevent future malfunctions.
Work commenced in May 2000 and the document was circulated in the following November; the general framework was established and approved by UNTAET.
Albania*, Algeria, Andorra*, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh*, Belarus*, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina*, Brazil, Bulgaria*, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus*, Czech Republic, Denmark*, Ecuador*, Finland*, France, Georgia*, Germany, Greece*, Guatemala, Hungary*, Iceland*, Italy*, Japan, Liechtenstein*, Luxembourg*, Malta*, Mexico, Nicaragua*, New Zealand*, Norway*,
In the preamble to this instrument, States parties declare their “determined to put an end to the suffering and loss of life caused by anti-personnel mines, which kill or maim hundreds of people every week, most innocent and defenceless civilians, especially children, obstruct economic development and reconstruction, prevent the repatriation of refugees and internally displaced persons, and have other grave consequences for years after their establishment”.
Let me thank all delegations for encouraging me in my efforts and consultations, and I would also like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and all members of the Secretariat for their effective assistance.
It was in that context that the close relationship between man-portable air defence systems and small arms was discussed.
We call on the coalition forces to achieve this essential objective and to strengthen coordination with relevant international bodies and institutions so that the country can return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of an international fund for higher education in Iraq to provide immediate and long-term assistance for the rehabilitation of higher education in Iraq.
We have taken note of the Secretary-General's call for a realignment of our institutions by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this topic will, in fact, depend on the degree of objectivity and realism of the proposed measures.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has decreased, their role in national strategies in some countries has not been drastically reduced.
I firmly believe that for all East Asian countries, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and we all believe that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interest of none of the East Asian countries.
Mr. PETÖCZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that the Group supported that idea.
First, the analysis of Security Council resolutions, unilateral declarations by nuclear-weapon States and nuclear-weapon-free zone agreements reveals that security assurances are generally qualified by the nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDERS (Netherlands): Mr. President, even though this meeting is the last that you are presiding, I believe that this is the first time I have taken the floor since your assumption of office.
Stresses the importance of developing the human resources and institutional capacities of indigenous people to address their own problems;
The Board shall review and approve the financial statements and audit reports submitted to it by the Committee on Budget and Finance, together with such observations as it deems appropriate.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial provisions.
It is also important to emphasize that the current level of aid is insufficient.
In our view, it is important at this stage that national demining strategies be put in place to ensure an effective decision-making process on short, medium and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon established the Lebanese National Demining Office and, with the assistance of the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, established the Coordination Centre for Mine Action in South Lebanon.
We can achieve this through a protocol annexed to the Convention that takes into account the security interests of countries while helping us to eliminate old mines, which, like new ones, destroy lives and property and obstruct efforts to end desertification, achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In June 2003, pledges to the Fund amounted to only $4.7 billion, while the estimated total expenditure was approximately $10.5 billion a year to effectively implement prevention, treatment, care and support programmes.
Country offices
Credit line - similar to those contained in the UNDP/UNFPA/UNICEF Financial Regulations
In addressing items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of the child), 115 (Elimination of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will establish a dialogue between its members and the special rapporteurs and representatives who will report on their activities.
Today there are some 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
While the conventions on the need to respect human rights were essential instruments, it was also necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Panel endorses this decision and fixed 2 August 1990 as the date of loss for category “C” Palestinian late claims.
Recognizing that domestic violence against women involves human rights,
Due to their separate legal structures, the role of specialized agencies in technical cooperation has not been addressed.
This simplicity has a price, that is, an arbitrary one and the pay for details.
Why are so many agencies engaged in technical cooperation?
The Government took the lead in supporting the coordination of gender issues.
(b) Its resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “An Agenda for Peace: Preventive diplomacy and related matters”, its resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1993, entitled “An Agenda for Peace”, in particular section IV entitled “Special economic difficulties arising from the implementation of preventive or enforcement measures”, and its resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997 entitled “Supplement to an Agenda for Peace”, in particular annex II entitled “Question of sanctions imposed by the United Nations”,
The building and development of democracy and the approach taken by the United Nations system on this issue must take into account the fact that there is no single recipe for achieving democracy.
In his statement, the Secretary-General affirmed the considerable importance of the culture of peace and the attention to be paid to it by this universal Organization, not just one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the commemoration of the International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World, 2001-2010, is more than an altruistic aspiration of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the objectives set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, as well as in the World Food Summit Outcome: five years later, in which the commitment to eradicate hunger is renewed,
Stressing the need for the local transformation of commodity production in developing countries, in particular in Africa and the least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and stabilize and increase their export earnings, thereby promoting sustainable economic growth and integration into the world economy,
Accordingly, I appointed Mr. Parker as a permanent judge of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, effective 4 December 2003, for the remainder of Mr. David Hunt's term of office, which is until 16 November 2005.
This programme of action remains a year of progress in the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations wishes to point out that, in the opinion of the Government of Colombia, operative paragraph 2 of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider the identification of principles that could serve as a framework for regional agreements on conventional arms control, may enable the Conference to resume part of its activities and to overcome its three-year impasse.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on Territorial Asylum of the Organization of American States, OAS Convention on Diplomatic Asylum, United Nations Declaration on Territorial Asylum.
Its effects go far beyond borders, and international cooperation is therefore absolutely essential.
It was for the Third Committee, which was responsible for the social programme, to ensure that the programme was fully understood and translated into reality.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to enter into commitments for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003 in an amount not exceeding 12 million dollars to be financed from the cumulative balance of the Special Committee for the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission;
The Special Rapporteur intends to submit a final report in 2004 to address these two issues so that the first reading can be completed during the same session.
The Equal Opportunities Commission and the Equal Opportunities Fund have been established with a view to establishing cooperation with the private sector on all matters relating to women's employment.
The use of these targeted summaries would be flexible, voluntary and based on available data.
For its consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note by the secretariat on information exchange: establishment of an electronic clearing house (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In this regard, future workshops could also consider exchanges between small groups of participants from industrialized countries, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
He also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission was supporting, including the INFOCAP network, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on national profiles.
Items on the provisional agenda of regular meetings
Quorum for subsidiary bodies of limited membership
The communication may include suggestions on the solutions that the Party considers most appropriate in the particular case;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims corrections
Norway calls on all countries to agree on a modus operandi to alleviate and protect victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and to strengthen their national efforts in parallel with international efforts.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that, while her country believed, in principle, the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression (A/CONF.189/PC.2/24), said that the Internet was a unique tool for promoting human rights, it was important to recognize that in practice the Internet had no positive implications for the current debate.
The best way to reach consensus on the guiding principles is to hold consultations with Governments.
Presentations will be made by Mr. Paul Krugman, School of Public and International Affairs (University of Princeton); Mr. Jagdish Bhagwati, Professor of Economics and Head of Chaire Arthur Lehman (Columbia University); Mr. Manuel Orozco, Project Director of Central America for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Ouedraogo, Consumer League of Burkina Faso.
Information on workshops and training courses on combating international terrorism-related crime
Furthermore, it is not clear how the macroeconomic and structural reforms required in the poverty reduction strategy process affect poverty and social conditions.
Therefore, new solutions continue to be considered with a view to rapidly increasing international liquidity when necessary, through a variety of means, including the temporary allocation of special drawing rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, His Majesty no longer chairs the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, who is on a rotating basis every year, is now the Head of Government and, indeed, the Prime Minister.
Government agencies in Bhutan have an obligation to recognize that women constitute a significant part of the population to which they are directed and must therefore design, implement and continue to administer services that are responsive to the specific needs of women and men.
This is mainly due to the expansion of primary education and the fact that schools are better able to retain their students.
Multi-sectoral task forces have been mandated to address the growing threat of HIV/AIDS at the national level.
Many men welcome the larger number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another limited study on women's participation in financial decision-making, 27 per cent of respondents stated that they were involved only in financial loan decisions, while 14 per cent took joint decisions with their husbands.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has taken initiatives to improve the capacity of public sector staff in a number of countries, providing advice, upon request, on civil service reform.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established Iraq's liability for losses arising from Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
The Panel also finds this rate applicable to claims for loss of enjoyment of funds, which have similar aspects.
See also the decisions of the Panel contained in paragraph 79 of the E2(7) report, E2(11 report, paragraph 71); and E2(1 report, paragraph 89.
E2(3) report, paragraphs 97-99.
Report of the United Kingdom on the realization of the goals and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East
Pursuant to article 8, paragraph 1, of the Extradition Act, persons who have committed terrorist acts, even if they are considered political crimes, may be extradited.
What are our goals?
The Secretary-General's report reminds us that the situation in Iraq is fraught with challenges that are real challenges and that challenge us all here and now the international community.
Building a robust civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation, on behalf of my Government, would like to reiterate its deep appreciation to the Council mission and to the Council as a whole for its willingness to find answers to complex questions facing our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other United Nations coordination mechanisms.
Support for associations and organizations working to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The 10-month programme, including five months of theoretical education in Madrid and four and a half months of practical education in organizations in developing countries, is also scheduled to be evaluated in Madrid.
These groups are young people between 16 and 30 years of age, women employed in occupations deemed to be male, more than 45 years of age, persons registered with unemployment for 6 months or more and workers who, at the time of the conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same enterprise under an indefinite or fixed-term contract prior to 31 December 2003, including for training contracts.
It is in the age group 25-29 that women's daily consumption of tobacco is the largest.
However, this improvement is less pronounced among women (37, 5 per cent of long-term unemployed women) than among men (55.36 per cent).
Members of permanent missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress achieved through the creation and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic fact remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, in the most cynical and cruel manner, which is all the corners of the world.
This meeting is the first open meeting of the Security Council in 2003, a year of great challenge, which I believe will be ready to address.
We will be resolutely involved in all efforts to ensure compliance with international agreements in this area.
These areas are often areas of lawlessness.
Activities to implement the request
More than 150,000 houses or apartments (a total area of approximately 23,570,000 square kilometres) were looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the Organization's accounts were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The Automated Model for the Analysis and Assessment of Feasibility Studies (COMFAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programme framework and the strategic directions of the Organization for South-South cooperation, as well as the thematic initiatives taken by the Organization, including trade facilitation, the use of rural energy for productive purposes and the rehabilitation and reconstruction of the post-crisis industry,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that the rapid changes in the socio-economic situation, cultural, individual and social factors, as well as the supply of illicit drugs, have exacerbated the problem of the use of psychoactive substances globally,
In view of the ambiguity in the English title of the topic, the Commission decided to continue to take as a working hypothesis that the topic concerned “activities” and to defer any formal modification of the title.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the heading “United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace Resource requirements (before recosting): $30,500 with Resource requirements (before recosting): $364,200
The Committee asked the Government to indicate whether it is considering amending the relevant provisions of the above-mentioned laws to include the principle referred to in the Convention.
These decisions were taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, including participants in the weekly meetings on economic issues and senior officials of Iraqi public institutions, and the initial budget proposals were prepared by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are indeed significant benefits for the Iraqi people.
The percentage of Afghan staff employed by UNHCR rose from almost zero in early 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme, and 36 per cent of all national protection staff.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers of Defence and Security in September should complete the formation of the Government of National Reconciliation and thus remove an important obstacle in the peace process.
Nevertheless, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution stipulates that the President of the Republic may delegate some of his powers to the members of the Government.
Beyond what divides us, we have collective responsibility to regain the unity of the international community.
We have initiated consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the current oil-for-food programme that would ensure the continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicines in Iraq.
The programme of work continues to be studied by my authorities, and we reserve the right to give our opinion on the programme as soon as this analysis has been completed.
If a Party considered that it needed assistance to stop consumption of methyl bromide to stabilize dates, it could refer to the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming its function by consensus,
(i) 680 ODP-tonnes in 2004;
All unloading operations should take place at locations intended for that purpose, which are reserved exclusively for authorized staff.
The financial mechanism has been established in accordance with Article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to provide financial and technical cooperation to Parties operating under paragraph 1 of Article 5 to enable them to comply with the control measures provided for in Articles 2A to 2E and Article 2I or any other regulatory measures contained in Articles 2F to 2H in accordance with Article 5, paragraph 1 bis of the Protocol.
Law enforcement officers had also participated in training programmes abroad.
Some States also reported telephone, telex and postal services.
(3) The party seeking to enforce an interim measure of protection shall promptly inform the court of any termination, suspension or modification of that measure.
Suggestions to improve the wording of the bracketed text were made, including that the court could suspend the enforcement procedure until the parties had had an opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties had been duly notified.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be given a more visible and larger role in support of the management of international affairs and in the implementation of the economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of appropriate information, communication and transport technologies should also be supported by technical cooperation and investment to strengthen the capacity of local service providers, or to create such capacity, may require donor support or funding from international financial institutions.
A similar consequence is provided in the United Kingdom, where the consumer is entitled to cancel the contract unless a competent court decides otherwise at the request of the service provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme reached its peak by the end of 2002.
Procedure
It can be seen that the calculations were made on the basis of an exchange rate of 0.89 euros to the United States dollar.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, if necessary, at subsequent sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward reported on the results of those consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Harvard Law School (Winter 2003): Visiting Professor Robert F. Kennedy, in association with Professor Philip Heyman, a course entitled “Bring power to justice” analysing the different functions of prosecutors in common law and civil law countries and examining the different national and international approaches used to try State actors who have committed violations of the law; also organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption: establishing the primacy of the rule of law”.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as an operating entity of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its climate change hub and the Special Climate Change Fund for the implementation of the activities referred to in the framework for meaningful and effective actions to strengthen the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention,
Welcoming the initial progress made in the implementation of the framework for meaningful and effective actions to enhance the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, contained in the annex to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial performance, 2002-2003
It also noted with appreciation the financial and other assistance provided to the Programme by the Government of Austria, the authorities of Styria and the City of Graz, Austria, the Department of Physical Geography of the University of Stockholm, Metria, the Swedish National Office of Topography and the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, it is considered that many of the people infected with this virus do not know.
The project targeted the PANEK Steering Committee, as well as high school and high school students.
Recommends that consideration be given to the holding of a joint informal debate that could enrich the work of each Committee; better use could be made of the debate of the General Assembly in plenary on the issues considered by the two Committees;
This important work has been possible, inter alia, through the Committee's subcommittees and experts.
In the event of the dissolution of marriage after the consumption of the marriage, the woman shall be entitled, in addition to her maintenance during the period of the waiting period, to an indemnity which shall not exceed one year of maintenance, in accordance with the means of the ex-husband, and which shall be paid to her on a monthly basis from the end of the grace period, unless otherwise agreed between the two parties regarding the amount and the manner in which the payment of the payment of such indemnity is made.
The following table illustrates the evolution of the education budget in the academic years 1993/94 to 1997/98:
The crèches are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which regularly conducts inspections to verify that these establishments comply with the applicable regulations.
In this regard, the State of Kuwait wishes to recall that its Constitution, in many of its provisions, makes equality one of the pillars of Kuwaiti society, first in the preamble and then in article 7, and article 29, which covers various aspects of this principle by linking it to human dignity, rights and duties.
Effective management will also improve recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
National Coordinator of the World March against Child Labour, 1998
Adviser on the Development of a Course on Social Justice, Department of Demographic Studies, University of Tribhuvan, 1999
Each State Party shall transmit to the Conference of the States Parties, as requested by the Conference of the States Parties, information on its programmes, plans and practices and on its legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
If the status quo refuses any prospect, freedom and the development of those who are hungry and who live in despair, the temptation of anarchy and extremism, as a means of change, becomes much more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to appoint Ambassador Tzanchev of Bulgaria as President of the Annual Conference of the States Parties to be held in 2003 and the representatives of China, South Africa and Switzerland as Vice-Presidents.
Declarations and reservations
Rapporteur: Ishtiq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and should strengthen and contribute to the protection of universal human rights standards, as contained in international instruments,
(c) Should a special debate be decided, its theme should be relevant to human rights and should take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
That situation should not be repeated.
(iii) OHCHR should prepare a comprehensive and regularly updated compilation of the recommendations made over the years by the various thematic mechanisms.
Contribution submitted under both resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They deal with the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (d) (i), (ii) and (iii), on the development of short, medium and long-term proposals for the elimination of racial discrimination against people of African descent, including proposals for a mechanism to monitor and promote all their human rights, taking into account the need to cooperate closely with the specialized agencies and development institutions of the United Nations system.
As for the Haraz centre in Iran, it was a technology centre for human resources development for land conservation and development on rice crops.
Lastly, she requested the State party to undertake a national health survey and to consider its findings in the next periodic report.
Therefore, the duty to protect it was also incumbent upon the entire world.
- Installation of the two sites by appropriate means (rathers or dumps);
Some observers predicted a possible increase in demand because the United States now controls Iraqi oil wells.
It is essential to give new direction to the economic cooperation of Arab countries by giving the private sector an increasing role in development and economic choices.
As a result, the Foundation was able to collect approximately €3.5 million that made it possible to start work on the site.
Currently, four resident coordinators are UNICEF staff (one half of whom are women), one of whom is women at the duty station.
If these conditions are met, the goals and targets approved at the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
In addition, the financial implications of the establishment of an additional office in Brussels have not been taken into account by JIU.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has approached the Organization's gender targets in 1990.
(a) The nine regional offices should be progressively strengthened through the redeployment of technical posts from Headquarters.
At the same time, SCO member States constantly and invariably assume that the fight against terrorism must be based on the norms and principles of international law and cannot be assimilated to any religion, certain countries or nationalities.
Activities of the Joint Inspection Unit (continued) (IDB.27/19 and Add.1 and 2; IDB.27/CRP.3)
The CHAIRPERSON drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Requests for consultative status submitted by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with annex I to General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the proposed themes for the high-level segment and the coordination segment of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The Afghan people have welcomed the decision to expand their mandate.
The draft resolutions under these agenda items reflect that commitment and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) Use, in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee established by resolution 661 (1990), prior to the expiration of the period set out in paragraph 10 below and taking into account the recommendations made by the Office of the Iraq Programme, the funds deposited in the accounts established pursuant to paragraph 8 (a) and (b) of resolution 986 (1995), as necessary and appropriate, in order to meet the agreed requirements for additional shipping costs,
10-11 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
Since the costs related to the work of the Working Group were included in the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would not affect it.
Subprogramme 6
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate substantive discussions at the Commission's session, the secretariat prepared a thematic note entitled “Policy options for action to enhance SME competitiveness” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Chairmen of the General and Credentials Committees and the Chairpersons of the committees, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right to vote provided that they are representatives of participating States;
As a general rule, meetings of the Bureau, subcommissions or working groups shall be held in private.
The Council expressed its concern at the persistence of regional factors of instability and requested the Secretary-General to make recommendations to the Council, as soon as possible, on ways to combat these subregional and cross-border problems, with a particular focus on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also deplored the lack of political contacts between the parties and called on them to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government shall submit to it all draft laws.
It was to be hoped that it would be able to submit a report on that subject to the Committee at a future session, especially since the 1991 document of the World Summit for Children and the outcome document of the special session of the General Assembly on children held in 2002 had specifically referred to the situation of children living under foreign occupation.
In line with Millennium Development Goal 2, the Government introduced free and compulsory basic education for all in 1996, which significantly improved school attendance.
To avoid such incidents, it is imperative for States parties to be present at the time of the meeting.
“The Security Council underlines the readiness of the United Nations to promote political dialogue at its request and to provide resolute support to address the humanitarian and development challenges of demarcation.
It may acquire or dispose of real or movable property in accordance with these Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting has three days from 16 to 18 July 2003 to complete its work.
According to these corroborated reports, the situation in the valley remained calm, without serious incident, throughout the reporting period.
Observations
Quadrennial reports 1997-2000 submitted through the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know what indicators are most appropriate, which will necessarily have to address different aspects of the right to health, drawing on the ongoing work of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that prolonged solitary confinement of a person detained or imprisoned may be equated with acts prohibited by article 7.
Article 10, paragraph 1, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any person deprived of his or her liberty under the laws and authority of the State, who is held in a prison, hospital - a psychiatric hospital in particular - a detention camp, a rehabilitation centre or other place.
To that end, it was necessary to determine whether a unilateral statement was a reservation or an interpretative declaration and to determine its admissibility and effects.
Thirty-eighth session (1990)*
(l) To continue their cooperation with the Committee in promoting the effective implementation of the Convention;
(h) Raise public awareness of the importance of action programmes focusing on the situation of victims of descent-based discrimination;
In some States, there are traditional and cultural practices that affect the health of women and children.
States parties should also report on measures taken to ensure rapid access to family planning services in particular, and sexual and reproductive health in general.
For example, the article emphasizes the importance of respect for parents, the need to regard rights within their general ethical, moral, spiritual, cultural or social framework and the fact that most children's rights, far from being imposed from the outside, are rooted in the values of local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, reviewing recent meetings, activities and outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, adopted by heads of State and Government at the Millennium Summit, in which they pledged to eradicate extreme poverty and, in particular, to halve, by 2015, the proportion of the world population whose income is less than one dollar a day and the proportion of people who suffer from hunger,
In 2001, the Government limited the working permits granted to foreign workers to six years to ensure that more Bermudians are recruited and trained for the best jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom continued to advocate that legislators adopt European human rights standards, particularly with regard to gender discrimination.
Pursuant to paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations to consider all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Council of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without vote, in the deliberations of those bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “Synergies and responses: strategic alliances in crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat computer-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, it invited Governments of Latin American and Caribbean countries and other interested Governments to participate in the regional meeting of heads of national drug law enforcement agencies in order to establish the meeting of Heads of National Drug Law Enforcement Agencies, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and provide the necessary financial resources,
(a) Partnerships are voluntary initiatives by Governments and various stakeholders, including major groups and institutions;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other matters.
Introducing the item, the representative of the Secretariat drew attention to the documentation prepared on the item (see annex VII) and indicated the possible action that the Committee might take on the matter.
Decides to submit the following to the Conference of the Parties for consideration and possible decision at its first meeting:
An alternate or an adviser may act as a representative on the appointment of the head of delegation.
Subject to rules 28 to 32 and amendments agreed to by the Conference of the Parties, these rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The Chairperson or Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may be given priority to explaining the conclusions of that subsidiary body.
He said that his organization had supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities related to persistent organic pollutant derivatives, including the project on identification and quantification of dioxin and furan releases undertaken in Thailand, the organization of the Expert Group Meeting on Best Available Techniques and Best Environmental Practices and workshops on good day management in Brazil, which had allowed for the exchange of best practices on the management of organic pollutants by-products.
To that end, the Monterrey document reiterates the importance of the principle of cooperation.
Only a few countries monitored the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective border controls, using reliable estimation methods.
The panellist noted that comparative studies made the problem more complex.
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org).
A preparatory mission composed of IAEA and Commission staff, including the Director General of IAEA and the Executive Chairman of the Commission, visited Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet their Iraqi counterparts led by Mr. Amer H. Al-Saadi, adviser to the Chairman, to further discuss logistical arrangements and to relocate the inspectors' office in Baghdad.
The Agenda 21 web site for sport and the environment is www.unep/org/cpi/sport_env (all types of sporting activities).
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi show that there are opportunities to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, long-term reconstruction and development.
The failure of Cancún results from what happened in Doha, where major trading countries refused to grant the promised concessions on development issues.
Switzerland attaches the highest priority to the preservation of humanitarian space in all circumstances and without derogation.
“Big internal and external closures, the increase in curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have led to further deterioration in economic indicators and increased poverty and unemployment among Palestinians.
It is worth recalling here the individual and collective responsibility of the parties to the Convention to respect its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the prior concurrence of the Advisory Committee, such sums as may be necessary to cover the advance payment of insurance premiums if the period of insurance extends beyond the biennium in which the payment is made, provided that the Secretary-General shall make provision in the budget estimates for each biennium for that purpose for the duration of the policies in order to cover the amounts owed for the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments are not sufficient to prevent violations, but must also take strict measures to address the social and human problems that encourage them, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement of populations and social inequality between the peoples of developing countries and those of the advanced countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly: Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Croatia; Financing of the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force in Haiti;
Obviously, it remains vital that all of us continue to participate in the coming years.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of control is becoming increasingly important both regionally and internationally, and effective verification is needed to ensure international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpile by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to ratifying the Treaty, have already expressed their opposition to all nuclear weapons individually and in addition to an opportunity.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on those principles.
Of this amount of $270,000, an amount of $250,000 is proposed for the ICAO tender.
Possible modalities for reimbursement
Chief of Liaison and Protocol Liaison Officer A and Liaison Officer B
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and Council resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is unclear whether the origin of the funds is lawful or illegal, only the act of the collection and its purpose.
The Bradley report indicated that any Council order adopted to meet the needs of any of the options would take at least one year.
Original: ENGLISH
“Terrorism - causes an explosion or fire, or any other act that endangers people's health, causes extensive material damage or causes other dangerous consequences for society, with the aim of undermining public order, causing panic among the population or influencing the decision-making process by public authorities or international organizations, or threatening to commit such acts”.
Women remain mainly in low-paid and low-level posts.
Draft decision II Suspension of consultative status
We therefore encourage States that have not yet done so to deposit their statements with the Secretary-General in order to uphold the universality of the Court.
Their tireless participation, coupled with their firm commitment and diplomatic skills, is a major reason for the success of the work of the Special Committee.
Now, as is the case for all treaties, the end of negotiations marks the real beginning of the commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of agenda item 94 (c).
Washington, 11 April 1949
The draft resolution, entitled “A Almaty Programme of Action: Addressing the Special Needs of Landlocked Developing Countries within a New Global Framework for Transit Transport Cooperation for Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries”, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I now have the pleasure of introducing the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
It welcomes the decision of the European Union to establish a peace support facility to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the implementation of the peace initiatives of the African Union.
The right to know the truth about past events is essential to prevent the same violations from being repeated.
My Government is firmly committed to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be much more representative to reflect demographic and geopolitical realities and to gain credibility.
Outreach services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee, 28 April 2003
We have managed to make it clear that success or failure in any area, however important, cannot mean the salut or loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to respond to the questions raised, such as the submission by all United Nations information centres of an annual plan detailing the activities it envisages around a strategically selected message.
With a view to planning and implementing further changes without budget overruns, we have had to review some of our priorities and propose to reallocate resources accordingly for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had an impact on some aspects of the negotiations and should contribute to their preparation through its analytical work, consensus building and technical cooperation.
However, they had little content in national value added.
Commodity-dependent LDCs faced a particularly difficult challenge, as commodity prices had fallen considerably in real terms.
Development assistance strategies had been redefined to support poverty reduction and many donors included trade and investment-related technical assistance.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and candidate countries (Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia, as well as Cyprus, Malta and Turkey), said that coherence was important and that, as such, participation in the sessions of the Council of Representatives of other institutions and agencies was positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) assisted the Task Force in forging and expanding partnerships.
In order to strengthen its outreach and facilitate contacts with national decision makers, the Special Unit has established a web-based database, which brings together policy and ICT focal points in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the question of the promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to allocate, within existing resources, the necessary financial and administrative resources for the effective functioning of the inter-agency secretariat for the implementation of The Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate, and requests it to continue:
Documentation
Election of a representative Government to succeed the Afghan Transitional Authority following free and fair elections in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a Senegalese women's guide is published periodically, which addresses issues such as civil registration, marriage, food obligations, inheritance, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land and credit, and the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo-Addo.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Considerations relating to the possibility of the United Nations serving as supervisory authority under the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the ECOWAS forces and the French forces, in carrying out their mandates in accordance with resolution 1464 (2003), to continue to work closely with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to report periodically to the Council on all aspects of the implementation of their respective mandates;
This letter is contained in document S/2003/500.
The Lusaka Council for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to help Africans build their capacity in peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted late to the conference services without the explanation required by the General Assembly in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in the event of a late submission of a report to the conference services.
The International Business Companies Act of 2000 provides for the elimination of bearer actions and, where such actions have already been issued, their reminder and their replacement of registered shares.
These services include the direction or execution of financial services in the Bahamas or from the Bahamas, including online financial services, the registration of directors or directors of international business companies, the provision to international trading companies of services of registered agents and offices, the provision of managerial or executive services to international commercial companies, the provision of shareholders' services limited to international commercial companies, the provision of partnership services for registered and registered companies.
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements allow for the inclusion of persons on a national exclusion list.
Their participation in the workshop was beneficial.
For example, the Section provided guidance on the rules to be followed in the case of nationally executed projects based on UNDP experience in this area.
In 17 offices, the control of presences and absences was not performed in the rules.
The feedback also raised the importance of planning regular project audits to offices.
In this regard, Governments were encouraged to request their implementing agencies to use the same reporting format to simplify and facilitate the timely reporting of activities.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
The number of staff could be further reduced in the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991 from France, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America (S/23306, S/23307, S/23308, S/23309 and S/23317)
Information that organizations should obtain and seek to verify would include the following: audited accounting performance for the previous five years; past and present legal difficulties; and identity of other key clients.
Also affirms that the Organization is firmly committed to treating all bidders, whether in procurement or outsourcing, on an equitable basis, as widely as possible;
Mr. Negroponte (United States of America): At the outset, I thank Assistant Secretary-General Türk for his timely briefing on the status of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Since 1998, Montserrat has been in a phase of “rehabilitation and reconstruction”, but it has been difficult to cope with a growing emergency while facilitating the development process.
These funds have provided funding for environmental, training and health projects, as well as legal and legislative programmes.
With regard to the currency of payment, it was necessary to inform the senders of the benefits of the official system vis-à-vis other channels in terms of security and speed of transfers.
• Work towards the fair and expeditious trial of political prisoners
With regard to the issue of government relations, the Federation had encountered many difficulties owing to the lack of clear lines of human rights and persons with the knowledge and skills needed to approve projects.
With regard to strengthening the resident coordinator system, increased participation of the United Nations specialized and technical agencies in the functioning of the resident coordinator system is seen by Member States as a positive step.
As a result of armed conflicts and civil strife in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania has remained one of the African countries that hosts the largest refugees in its territory in recent years.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary steps to ensure the translation into the Somali language of the present resolution, accompanied by an appropriate background explanatory note, and its wide dissemination in the country, through the human rights officer for Somalia based in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for groups at risk, particularly drug abusers, to reduce the risk of transmission of infectious diseases such as human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda for the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting is contained in annex I.
Discussion
The view was expressed that the Office should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States continued to receive documents in an appropriate form.
The addition of the phrase “Supporting efforts to promote new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was contested since the Second Committee had not yet reached consensus on the issue.
Some members suggested that the publication should be sold rather than distributed free of charge.
The Council's consultations with the countries members of the New Partnership and ECA had been well received.
A/58/6 (Sect.
Investigations of the cause of damage may also be long, particularly in countries where the maritime security authorities and/or the courts themselves investigate the demurrage and take time to publish their findings.
As part of the draft amendment to Act No. 1015 entitled Que Previene y reprime los actos ilícitos destinyados a lagitimación de dinero o estes (Act on the Prevention and Punishment of Unlawful Acts against Money or Assets), it is envisaged that the scope of application of the Act will be expanded, even though article 11 (n) of the current text, “any other natural person or legal person who is engaged in business”.
It was important for the Committee not to disperse its attention.
It must also reaffirm its conviction of the importance of civil society participation as a strategic partner in the work of the United Nations.
In order to improve the conditions under which women exercise their work and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 265 of the Labour Code, mothers raising three or more children under 16 years of age, or two children and more for single women, receive one day of additional week leave, paid on the average daily wage.
The link between reproductive rights and family law is clear: maternity and paternity are the direct result of citizens' enjoyment of reproductive rights.
The adoption of the new marriage and family codes and of work was the most significant step in improving legislation.
UNIDO's investment and technology promotion activities focus on promoting partnerships and organic linkages (such as technology transfers, outsourcing, joint marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign and domestic firms.
In this regard, the clean production programme has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO services aimed at increasing energy efficiency, with a view to training personnel assigned to PNPP and PNPP and for the identification, development and implementation of technical cooperation projects to be submitted for funding under the Kyoto Protocol and GEF.
However, it is prepared to provide the Commission with any additional information it may wish.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It reviews development and organizational performance, with particular emphasis on linkages between assessments, learning, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC was planning to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on that issue in the near future.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,696,600
Demands that the Liberian parties cease hostilities throughout Liberia and abide by their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the ceasefire agreement, including to cooperate in the formation of the Joint Monitoring Committee established by the ceasefire agreement;
Invites donor countries and recipient countries to consider including in their bilateral programmes and projects for the training of armed forces, security forces, prison staff, police and medical personnel issues relating to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture, without neglecting their gender dimension;
The Study Group held an initial exchange of views on the basis of the report of the 2002 Study Group (A/57/10, paras. 489-513); and the thematic summary prepared by the Secretariat of the debate held by the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
Key programme resources
• To ensure the overall management of the decision-making processes and the activities of the Office of the Prosecutor required under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the regulations of the Office of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit highly qualified persons in such a way as to have diversified and versatile staff by providing career opportunities and training opportunities, ensuring effective management of their entitlements and rights and by establishing a system that ensures that all staff are physically, psychological and emotional in a position to perform their duties.
• All special equipment and articles shall be received and inspected prior to their admission to the Court
• Development of new Intranet modules
Physical organization in The Hague and in the field
Three interpreters per language for French, English, Spanish and Russian and four interpreters per language for Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider adopting appropriate legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of this Convention and in conformity with the fundamental principles of its domestic law, in order to increase transparency in the financing of candidates for elected public office and, where appropriate, in funding political parties.
(a) Public dissemination of information on procurement procedures and procurement, including information on tenders and relevant information on contract award, with sufficient time for potential bidders to prepare and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the absence of dual criminality to refuse to provide assistance under this article.
(c) Meeting the special needs of Africa: consolidation of democracy, sustainable peace, poverty eradication and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, a very poor developing country, more than others in the same category, is presented in the following box: how the country is engaged, with the assistance of the United Nations system, in various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming recent initiatives such as “Everything but arms”, the Group of 77 looked forward to exploring with its development partners how to encourage such policies to contribute directly to the improvement of living conditions in African countries, to which the international community should provide full support if it was to achieve the Millennium Declaration target of halving poverty.
Three basic aspects of the ICT strategy:
For the time being, we must take the necessary measures to prevent the situation from worsening further and to ensure that our President is not suffering any harm.
(e) Maintaining and strengthening cooperation and political and operational support to the Tribunal by external partners, such as Governments and non-State entities;
In addition, the time required for the pleadings (e.g. they usually take two to five days, depending on the number of accused).
The practice of simultaneous trials is to try two cases for consecutive periods, such as trial A five weeks, trial B five weeks, trial A five weeks, etc. Defence counsel in trial A is leaving Arusha while trial B takes place.
The members of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) welcome the study, which they believe is a well documented and useful framework for revising, reassessing or adjusting existing policies on support costs related to extrabudgetary activities of the United Nations system organizations.
Pursuant to that resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur has submitted 10 main reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 progress reports to the General Assembly, as well as 18 addenda to the Commission or to the Assembly.
It would also like to draw the attention of the Egyptian authorities to the need to combat any advocacy of religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, which must therefore be prohibited by law.
Pursuant to Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, OHCHR organized an expert seminar on the interdependence between democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group B
At the same time, over the past 10 years, European institutions, initiatives and legislation have moved towards inclusion, considering that the protection of minority rights is an integral part of any democratic development.
As Guyana believes in this collective system for its peace and security, it wants to ensure that the new reform Council will reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is of paramount importance.
We must therefore build global institutions and establish effective partnerships in a just and open trade, and the development support of the least developed countries should be strengthened.
A regional strategy has also been developed to facilitate responses to HIV/AIDS.
Mr. Pavanjeet Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where agreed by the States concerned, the adoption of a cross-border perspective for the sustainable development of mountain ranges and the exchange of information thereon;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to strengthen inter-agency collaboration, with a view to more effectively implementing chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) To monitor closely the functioning of the global project to support the preparation of national communications, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and to continue to ensure that the implementation of this project is consistent with the guidance of the COP;
16.17 The issue of publications as part of the programme of work has been reconsidered.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As requested by the Statistical Commission at its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) Coordinate the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of the minutes of its work;
Thirdly, the activities of the Department of Public Information should be intensified.
By increasing the volume of information in Russian on the United Nations web site, the number of visitors from the Russian language was increased.
At the 4th meeting, the Chairman also invited the representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, having considered a proposal by the Chair, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, on sub-items 10 (a), (b) and (c) for adoption by the COP at its eighth session.
Notes
Sulphur and salt are among the most important chemical components, and metal deposits (freedom, zinc and lead) are very abundant.
From 1990 to 2002, Poland reformed its public service.
(h) To cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations in promoting the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen cannot lose his citizenship unless he renounces it.
Under article 41, paragraph 1, deprivation of liberty or restriction of liberty is permissible only in accordance with the principles and procedures provided for by law.
The question of the Ouazzani and Hasbani rivers continues to be a source of tension and possible escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Although these posts are frozen, they will continue to be included in the approved staffing table (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities requiring additional resources is contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments had to be made as a result of changes in the United States dollar exchange rate, the currency of which the United Nations accounts were registered, and the euro, the currency of the host country.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget as presented in table xx below;
Takes note of the Peace Fund: Peaceful settlement of territorial disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as the principal mechanism, given its wider regional scope, for the prevention and resolution of territorial and territorial and maritime border disputes, and also takes note of the Caribbean Trust Fund established by the Conference on Maritime Delimitation in the Caribbean, held in Mexico City from 6 to 8 May 2002, which is intended to facilitate the participation of other States,
Also takes note of the Pacific Islands Regional Ocean Policy approved at the thirty-third Pacific Islands Forum meeting, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest that financial resources from bilateral donors were increasing, and noted the initiative of United Nations agencies to improve coherence in their technical cooperation activities.
Some children, as well as Government troops, as well as rebels, have either abducted or persuaded to join their ranks have been sent to death on the front lines.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Recognizing the responsibility of the international community to promote human rights and to ensure respect for international law,
Mr. Pecsteen de Buytswerve therefore supported the proposal to defer consideration of the item for two years, on the understanding that the vote on the motion did not imply a position in favour of or against the two draft resolutions; it was simply to recognize the need to base the convention on a consensus.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Raising public awareness of the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to help boost economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property disclosed in note 11 to the financial statements was owned by the organization as at 31 December 2002 and was not subject to any charge.
In a memorandum dated 5 February 2003, OIOS found that the “special clause” remained invalid, since it was included in the contract at the time of recruitment, without prior use by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide the special rapporteurs and the joint mission with all necessary assistance to enable them to discharge their mandates fully;
Despite the improvement in the situation of indigenous peoples in political discourse since the 1980s, indigenous peoples accuse the Bank of a lack of commitment to the implementation and observance of these policies, which are often interpreted as mere facade.
CFATF Secretariat 35-37 Sackville St.
Almost all countries have a chemical sector, but almost 80 per cent of global production is done by 16 countries, the vast majority of which are OECD members.
Resolution
In this regard, it was reported that the Security Council, in its resolution 1373 (2001), had made it clear that claims of political motivation should not be considered as grounds for refusing requests for the extradition of alleged terrorists.
The documents of the technical meetings and seminars held at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) Comment on the future direction of the Partnership and its programme for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to transmit the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the COP for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of this post;
The increase in non-post resources (820,800 Swiss francs, or 5.6 per cent) relates mainly to the increase in grants and contributions (840,900 Swiss francs) to cover the cost of services rendered to JIU by the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Central Support Services of the United Nations Office at Geneva, which is offset by the reduction of the two posts referred to in paragraph 9 above;
These are “multi-use” services for which the definition and acceptance considerations are as important as most environmental goods.
By design, they are intended for specific purposes and are intended for environmental purposes: for example, a recycling station remains a refresher station, even though the technologies used are profoundly modified.
For intellectual property rights, article 66 (2) and article 67 of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS), developed WTO members providing incentives for technology transfer could be applied.
Several recommendations presented at the meeting addressed possible actions at the national level:
The increase in requirements and the resulting overexpenditures under this heading are attributable to the revision of the approved post adjustment rates effective 1 November 2002, the new salary scales for staff in the Professional and higher categories and for staff in the Field Service category (two categories whose status is governed by the 100 and 300 series of the Staff Rules) effective 1 January 2003 and the approval of a post adjustment allowance for staff in the category of termination.
(a) A new preambular paragraph was added after the fifth preambular paragraph:
Description of methods used to identify major sources of reference to the tables of the main sources of the CRF Information on the level of detail in Tables 7.A1-7A3 of the IPCC good practice guidance1
Annex I Parties should complete all cells corresponding to emission or absorption estimates, activity data and emission factors.
Italy is one of the countries most affected by population ageing.
Thus, the topic concerned primary obligations of the State and implied recognition of the existence and conciliation of “legitimate interests and multiple factors”.
It also has the merit of not obstructing judicial action on other grounds.
Another common law cause is the rule of the public mandate, which has greater application in the United States.
Introduction
We fully support efforts to rationalize the work of the General Assembly and are prepared to help other delegations, as well as our heavy workload of seemingly perpetual meetings.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the early 1990s, containing important measures to revitalize the General Assembly and the draft resolution we have just adopted.
The procedures differ because the needs are not always the same.
These warnings were accompanied by pressure to compel us to accept amendments or amendments that would limit or diminish the rights of indigenous peoples recognized under international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, that request membership in the World Trade Organization, bearing in mind paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/182 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who have served for a term of nine years, the amount of the annual pension shall be:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims identified as potentially overlapping with four “E4” claims relate to new or larger losses, in relation to those claimed by the “E4” claimant.
UNSEQ number: E-2449
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several government representatives stated that in order to attract direct investment, these institutions must increase their support for the development of the necessary infrastructure, particularly in the ICT sector.
The globalization of development also requires the elimination of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and increased resources, as well as their increased participation in international decision-making.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary border crossing was opened between Restlica in Kosovo and Strezimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for local residents only.
The free movement of minorities has also been hampered by the decision of the authorities of the Serbian Government not to sign an agreement on the use in Serbia of Kosovo's licence plates and their calls to deter Kosovo Serbs from passing through UNMIK to register their vehicle.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their strong support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, which we believe is an important first step towards establishing a legal norm in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to connect to global locations and to the ECLAC regional follow-up to United Nations conferences and summits, which will be launched in June 2003 at the fourth United Nations Regional Inter-Agency Technical Coordination Meeting.
Oil prices already included a “war bonus” of approximately $5 per barrel in the last months of 2002 and exceeded $31 per barrel in January 2003.
First, they will have to make initial structural adjustment by joining UEM in order to move closer to the defined reference levels for budget deficits; given their position of departure, they may apply excessive fiscal rigour in this period, which would clearly have negative consequences for economic growth.
Ahearn et al., op.
Under article 5 of the Act on Internal Self-Government, the power to pursue foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Danish Government and none of this prerogative can be transferred to the Faroe Islands Home Rule.
For example, significant financial assistance is provided for the operating costs of ethnic minority associations, intercultural activities and information materials, as well as various types of local integration projects.
The 1989 Community Social Charter provides for the right to collective action in the event of a conflict of interest, in particular the right to strike, subject to the obligation to respect national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days in each quarter.
The high proportion of smokers in the population is mainly responsible for the relatively high mortality rate and has a negative impact on life expectancy.
In close cooperation with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played an important role in advocacy and facilitated campaigns that have resulted in new instruments and standards for the protection of children, as follows:
These organizations have played a leading role in the formulation and implementation of the programme.
• ACP-EU cooperation: the ACP-EU Partnership Agreement signed at Cotonou, Benin, in 2000, took into account various elements proposed by the Special Representative at the ACP-EU Joint Assembly in March 1999.
The United Nations presence, anywhere in the world, has always been seen as a symbol and a guarantee of universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, attracted a wide audience, particularly in non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136-141, 144-146, 148 and 150
It also continues its efforts to raise awareness of women's rights in all its activities and of the human rights mechanisms it supports, including through the adoption in 2002 of a gender mainstreaming strategy.
Previously, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established commissions or fact-finding teams.
Recommendations on travel grants
In accordance with the arrangements for consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, as approved by the Council in its resolution 1996/31, organizations in consultative status should submit a report every four years on their activities, including their support for the work of the United Nations.
In line with the recommendations of ACABQ contained in its report (see A/C.5/57/SR.20), UNFIP undertook a series of activities in 2002 that are part of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects aimed at rationalizing, targeting and making them more effective.
Women's focal points had been appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Affairs was strengthening their capacity to implement the national gender policy.
Recalling its resolution 57/134 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs were a feature of the services economy, and often even large firms in developing countries were small firms worldwide.
In the area of statistics, data collection, as well as work on an assessment of the social impact and impact on development of services liberalization, should be encouraged.
Assistance was all the more important because African countries were pursuing parallel negotiations with the European Union with a view to concluding economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of the technical authentication work undertaken to date
In order to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary and appropriate steps to strengthen legislation and institutional capacity in this area.
Country-specific decisions
Exemptions
The Australian citizenship certificate is not an identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to work actively towards an early agreement on a common approach, in particular on a common formula that could be included in an international legally binding instrument;
The provisions of operative paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate to (a) subprogramme 3, Progressive development and codification of international law, of programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) section 8, Legal affairs, and section 2, General Assembly affairs and conference services, of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
Representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) attended the session.
Question 7.
Trying to distinguish between the two types of cloning is intended only to try to conceal the fact that a human life is being created to destroy it in order to produce embryonic stem cells or to pursue other experiments.
There is further discussion, and it seems that differences of views will persist, no opinion should be imposed on all others.
The development of transport infrastructure and information and communication technologies, including the elimination of “missing links”, would improve transit transport and allow landlocked countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. De Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month for presenting the annual report of the Council covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Update on the United Nations System-wide Action Plan on Drug Abuse (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its deep concern at the tragic situation of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent displacement and to provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, recalls in this regard the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement, and urges the international community, led by the relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national projects and programmes aimed at alleviating the plight of internally displaced persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must bring benefits to all.
Most recently, in February 2003, two primary seismic monitoring stations in Lac-du-Bonnet (PS08) and Sherville (PS10), were formally certified by the Provisional Technical Secretariat; the construction of a radionuclide monitoring station in Yellowknfe was completed in March 2003.
It also welcomes the establishment of a general checkpoint and transparency that has characterized recent senior appointments.
Also at the 61st meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally proposed an amendment to the draft resolution by which operative paragraph 6 (g) would read as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of increasing globalization, measures taken by one Government can often have a positive and negative impact on the right to food of another country (e.g. in the context of trade in agricultural products).
According to article 507, the members of the groups referred to in article 499 who cooperate with the judicial authorities in identifying criminals or updating their criminal intentions will be pardoned.
In the longer term, a flexible and effective legal framework for security interests could be a useful instrument for accelerating economic growth.
Special Committee decision of 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We particularly welcome your efforts to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of those Territories, the majority of them in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I invite you to consider the Committee as a friend, willing to work with you and for you, for the realization of the rights that are undoubtedly yours.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first Country Cooperation Framework approved by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, facilitate the development of a national integrated development plan, which will establish procedures for setting national development priorities for a period of ten years, focusing on health, population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
Within this Ministry, a Secretariat of State has been responsible for the advancement of women and the participation of women in development, reflecting the Government's commitment to pay special attention to women's issues: in the Congo all the State Secretariats participate in the meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia thanked the Quadrilatérale group and other countries for their initiatives in the field of market access for LDCs, which it considered necessary to create a competitive advantage and encourage investment in the sectors covered by the programme.
However, it is expected that the Organization will complete the year on an estimated positive cash balance of $44.0 million under the regular budget — a result that would be favourable if it were to match the projections.
Bigamy
Law and order
We have included food, tents, blankets, medicines and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, particularly floods, also contribute to the deterioration of habitats and the depletion of resources in the East Asian subregion.
As part of their day-to-day activities, women are the main protectors of forest species and therefore depend on future forest productivity.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation among developing countries, should not be neglected.
The Government of Slovenia has established an interdepartmental working group on the implementation of restrictive measures and monitoring of counter-terrorism activities.
By the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on Children and Armed Conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- The financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otiti (Uganda) said that her delegation had been inadvertently included among the sponsors because of a technical error.
(b) A certified copy of the memorandum and association articles of the corporation;
Subject to other priorities and available resources, the Government of the Bahamas intends to advance this process in the coming months.
Fifty-eighth session
The view was expressed that the basic criterion for striking a balance between the interests of buyers and secured creditors was the notion of “ordinary course of business”.
The Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget will have before it an in-depth study on a technical cooperation programme each year.
The problem of cotton was crucial, and the difficulties faced by African producers should be seen both morally and economically.
The Programme of Action, launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to reverse the spread of HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia, aims to achieve the goals contained in the Declaration of Commitment through a comprehensive national response supported by the technical, financial and tactical support of UNAIDS and through collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that it is the primary responsibility of parents, who are best placed to do so, to guide children, to raise them in a healthy environment, to inculcate in them the sense of duty, integrity, responsibility, citizenship, compassion and service towards others, to help strengthen families, communities and nations worldwide;
It is found in most of the Islamic countries in the Middle East, the Indian subcontinent, South-East Asia and parts of Africa.
27 October 2003, Baghdad
However, in cases where sanctions remain in force for a long period of time, as in the case of the Al-Qaida and Taliban sanctions regime, universal reporting rules alone cannot be as effective.
The Government of East Timor is currently reviewing projects aimed at effectively improving the capacity of East Timorese police in both areas, in addition to its capacity to deal with civil unrest.
In addition, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police to deal with threats from criminal and armed groups in the countryside and in the area of the tactical coordination line.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to indicate whether they wished to take part in the work of that new team and to provide the Office for Outer Space Affairs with the contact information of the interlocutor they would designate for that purpose.
The Gambian law, to some extent, criminalizes the conduct referred to in this article, but the penalties provided must be radically revised.
Indeed, in both urban and rural areas, female illiteracy is combined with extreme poverty and work, with dependency and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of partners from African countries have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to African countries.
The Unit currently has seven persons.
Members of the Committee discussed the issue at length without reaching agreement on the causes of the problem or on ways to address it.
They supported the military activities of the United States in their territory, as they did not forget their own history; they knew from experience what was meant by vulnerability and appreciated the security and protection offered to them by the United States.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Commerce of Guam, October-December 2001, www.admin.gov.gu/commerce.
Application of International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative
With regard to funding, improvements in income and expenditure in 2002-2003 and the implementation of the revised recovery policy also provide good prospects for the UNICEF financial plan and budget.
General
Summary table IV shows the proposed changes to the number of support budget posts for each of the main components of each budget line.
Summary table V compares the total number of posts in each organizational unit for the current and future biennium.
Table 7 Distribution of recurrent expenditures and new investments, 2004-2005
It summarizes the progress made by Central American countries towards peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since my last report (A/57/387 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit in Cusco, Peru. The 19 members of the Group adopted the Cusco Consensus, a strategic programme of action to overcome poverty and social exclusion and addressed the themes of democratic governance, cultural identity and external relations and the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The enormous efforts to rebuild the region are continuing with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and their reports
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 17 to 19, 24, 25 and 27 September; 3, 11, 14, 15, 23-25 and 28 October; 6, 7, 13, 19, 22 and 25 November; 3, 4, 6, 9, 16 to 20 and 30 December 2002; 6, 9, 10, 15, 16, 23, 27, 29 and 31 January; 12 and 24 to 27 February; 4 to 7, 12 to 14, 18, 20, 21, 25 and 26 March; 2, 3, 7, 8, 10, 14, 16, 22 and 24 April; 11, 9, 14, 19, 20 and 20 and 21 May and 21 May and 21 May and 21
UNMOVIC has also had contacts with a number of Governments in the field of export control, in particular in finding practical solutions to such issues as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for an appropriate balance between non-proliferation objectives and legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, this information is based on the recent update by the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on budget preparation in the United Nations system.
Of the 23 sustainable development partnerships identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are fully or primarily dedicated to renewable energy.
Nuclear non-proliferation and peaceful uses of the atom can go hand in hand, provided there is transparency and mutual trust.
In that sense, the experience of developed democracies is very valuable.
I would like to take this opportunity to bear on the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the most sincere condolences of the Bulgarian people to their families.
We will be able to speak of victory when these attacks will no longer take place, as they will end the entire nation.
The Government has identified some 30,000 persons affiliated with organizations considered to be terrorist because of the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the designation of operational entities that have been accredited and provisionally designated by the Council.
Only through their commitment and dedication has it been possible, with the assistance of the secretariat, to carry out the heavy and difficult tasks assigned to them.
APPLICORITIES, IN ACCORDANCE WITH PARAGRAPH 41 OF
Statistical study, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and April/May 2003, respectively, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted to it by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
Let me now repeat the names of the two Asian States that wish to nominate a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Achievements in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was in the interest of both developed and developing countries to establish a rational and equitable multilateral trading system.
International agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to regulate, particularly in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy were of the utmost importance to the economies of the member countries of the Group.
FDI could play a fundamental role in the economic growth and development of host countries.
States
In essence, his delegation supported all the Special Rapporteur's suggestions, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted that this sector, which is outside the control of the State and any taxation, has played a significant role in the economies of many developing countries in all regions.
Role of the commission, including the role of the commission in supporting the development of science and technology
The joint programme would enable member States to more comprehensively understand the prospects and risks of a global society and would help to implement the Secretary-General's basic proposals on science and technology at the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the Group of 8 July 2000 and the Dubai Declaration of the Group of 77 for the promotion of science and technology in the South (October 2002).
A detailed description of how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international cooperation for development will focus on implementing the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the chains, new presenters used this guide and, although the other stations did not follow their example, standardization of pronunciation remained possible.
They took note of the convening of the Fourth Meeting of States Parties to the Convention from 16 to 20 September 2002 in Geneva.
They strongly supported unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures adopted by some Governments to reduce their military expenditures, thereby contributing to the strengthening of regional and international peace and security.
Vocational training and job creation must enable cities to realize the potential of young people.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
Thank you.
Main Committees
2-3 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an introductory statement.
Although the Middle East region is a particularly sensitive area in the light of the various ongoing problems and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that it is important for the international community to give priority to achieving this objective within the framework of the United Nations in order to take a decisive step towards achieving peace in that region.
It should also be noted that there is a growing understanding that the solution to the question of the composition of the bureau will facilitate the strengthening of the interpretation of the rules governing the composition of the bureau of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.30 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
Under the sanctions regime [para. 4 (b) established by resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraphs 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002)], Member States are under an obligation to freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources of the persons or entities, including funds derived from property owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by such persons, their agents or agents, and to ensure that their nationals and persons indirectly in their territory are not available to them.
Almost all federal law enforcement agencies have contributed to this effort by providing basic and advanced training courses in all areas of financial crime.
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network - FinCEN
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Commerce has the power, under section 7 of the Companies Act, to exercise control over the objectives, sources of financing and expenses of non-profit organizations.
Members of the mission stressed that they had not come to act as a mediator or to intervene in the peace talks in Liberia, but had informed all parties of the elements they considered essential: full respect for the ceasefire; a comprehensive political settlement for the appointment of a transitional Government that would conduct free and fair elections; and respect for international humanitarian law, including full and unrestricted access to humanitarian organizations.
(d) Report of the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not generally applied and the provisions of the various conventions on liability and relations between them were difficult to understand.
The Consultative Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following issues at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission on the transfer of marine technology; (2) possible establishment of an internal procedure of IOC for the effective implementation of article 247 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea on ocean science projects and ocean research carried out by or under the auspices of IOC; and
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
As a result of that conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the centre of the international development agenda.
It hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States would follow the same pattern of review and that the General Assembly would request the Secretary-General to submit an annual progress report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
Following a civil war that had ruined the national economy, Burundi could not carry out a programme of internal and external dislocation aimed at combating poverty without the support of the international community.
This has a detrimental effect on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to provide the Secretary-General, in time for the General Assembly to hold a debate at its sixtieth session, with their views and suggestions on ways and means to strengthen and expand participation in the standardized reporting system, including changes to its content and structure;
The difficulty at the outset in deciding whether the debtor should be subject to liquidation rather than reorganization proceedings led some countries to review their insolvency law and to replace separate proceedings with “unitary” proceedings.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, to school in the light of potentially dangerous situations.
We attach high priority to our collaboration with our partners in WHO and others to encourage breastfeeding as the best way to protect children's health.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532) and the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and its continued efforts to reach bilateral agreements with member States in accordance with article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the authorities of Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Ecuador, Egypt, Guatemala, Equatorial Guinea, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria (3), Pakistan, Peru, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Tunisia (2), Turkey and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge shall inform his or her personal and fiduciary financial interests and make all reasonable efforts to be informed of the financial interests of his or her family members.
Member States reported on difficulties encountered in implementing the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthening technology support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms; strengthening human capacity; identifying new technologies and applications; and promoting international collaboration in support of research in the areas left behind;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile and by the observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of IFCS (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In his introductory statement, Mr. Kim Hak-Su welcomed the first substantive stage of the process leading to a final international conference on chemicals management in 2006.
Response measures
Let me say that working with you in the Council at the United Nations has been a rich experience.
We particularly appreciate the determination and conviction with which you are defending your country's positions under extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
SECTORI ACTIVITIES
A technical cooperation project for the Maputo Trade Point (Mozambique) is under way and is expected to be completed by the end of 2003.
DMFAS is self-financing by making debt service procedures more efficient and by identifying inconsistencies in creditor claims.
It is a smaller country with a smaller population, but 2.2 million of 3.3 million people are threatened with starvation.
I still do not understand why it is so difficult to accept this state of affairs.
Article 2.8: The Secretary-General may submit additional proposals for the programme budget whenever appropriate.
Article 4.5 A Peacekeeping Reserve Fund is established as a cash-flow facility to enable the Organization to respond promptly during the start-up phase of new peacekeeping operations or to expand existing operations, and to finance unforeseen and extraordinary peacekeeping expenditures.
Such agreements shall, inter alia, indicate the services to be provided by the United Nations for full reimbursement of the costs incurred.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Considers that it is preferable for the Organization to give or dispose of the property at nominal prices to another intergovernmental organization, to a Government, to a public agency or to another non-profit organization.
Article 6.4 The Secretary-General may, after full investigation, authorize the writing-off of losses of cash, goods and other assets, on the understanding that he shall submit to the Board of Auditors, together with the accounts, a statement of all such amounts written off.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally amended?
Abstaining:
The nature of such measures cannot, therefore, impose confidence-building measures that must be defined and agreed on the basis of volunteerism, at the rate deemed appropriate by States taking part in the process.
Otherwise, developing countries will be further marginalized.
In Kisangani, she met the families of the victims of the May 2002 massacres and victims of sexual violations, and also visited the prison and the cachots.
The cost of the replacement option of constructing prefabricated offices is estimated at $985,671.
The special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of working groups on the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as the chairpersons of human rights treaty bodies, lamented the fact that the fight against terrorism served as a pretext to threaten human rights defenders and to target vulnerable groups by removing them from their origin and socio-economic status, which was particularly the case of migrants.
Why is this?
My fifth proposal is of a general nature: it is to act on the source of these two scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting solution to those conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and transitional Governments of those States be held accountable and that justice be enforced.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which calls on regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and the States of the region in fully implementing the arms embargo as a fundamental component of the Somali national reconciliation process.
In fact, the League of Arab States had played the role that it was expected to play in responding to the deterioration of the political and security situation in the region, both Palestine, Iraq and regional security.
It has also endeavoured to ensure that inspectors, when they return to Iraq, can work and move freely — an effort recognized in Security Council resolution 1441 (2002).
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Calls upon the United Nations system to mainstream a gender perspective in all its programmes and policies, including in a coherent follow-up to United Nations conferences, in accordance with agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective, adopted by the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 1997, and welcomes the decision of the Economic and Social Council to devote both themes to the coordination of its substantive session of 2004,
It is true that many HIPC countries do not adequately implement IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
Mr. Duque's main counsel for the Commission is not to allow this issue to take a political turn.
Strengthening United Nations action in the field of human rights through the promotion of international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that through increased efforts and implementation, a reasonable compromise can be reached on the issue of Security Council reform in all its aspects.
My delegation would like to take this opportunity to reaffirm once again that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea has fully fulfilled its obligations under the 1994 Agreement between the People's Democratic Republic of Korea and the United States, until it withdraws from the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopted the concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections may be submitted within seven days of the receipt of the record or of the closure of the session, whichever is later.
Welcoming the reorganization of the bureaux of the Committee and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation looked forward to working with them on issues such as space education and mitigation of natural disasters.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of annual meetings with the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of the Office of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit on Sustainable Development to enhance the effective and coherent implementation of the three objectives of the Convention and to achieve by 2010 a significant reduction in the current rate of biodiversity loss, which will require action at all levels, including the implementation of national biodiversity conservation strategies and action plans and the allocation of new and additional financial and technical resources to developing countries,
The budget should be adjusted to take into account the costs and resources resulting from the unification of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In operative paragraph 4, the word “staff” was replaced by the word “Professional” and the phrase “encourages the Secretary-General to intensify his efforts” was replaced by the words “encourages the Secretary-General and the executive heads of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned at the remaining challenges,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination, as contained in chapter III, section C.4 of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of Central Asian countries on trafficking in small arms and light weapons, during which a debate was held on the ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999 and the reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It is important for the Congress to reconsider its initial refusal to support national repairs and to provide funding and institutional stability for payments through the adoption of the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed simply because they were Serb and to send all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must go and that there is no chance of reconciliation, or to achieve the multi-ethnic society envisaged in Security Council resolution 1244 (1999), and that we all wish to do so.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps, an organization responsible for responding to civil emergencies.
For that reason, Israel has the responsibility to put an end to these violations of Lebanese airspace and to prevent them from escalating tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as set out below.
In this august Organization, there is and will always be zero tolerance for those who advocate intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence.”
The Committee agreed that the two secretariats should continue to cooperate.
At its resumed 2001 session, the Committee had before it the special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint submitted by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The speaker stressed that his only concern was to ensure that the NGO did not abuse its status with the Council by carrying out its activities in a way that questioned the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (from 25th to 50th) were held.
However, linkages between areas, balances to be sought, time-honoured order, costs and benefits were highly complex issues.
Angola had hosted the seventh African Conference on Trade and Finance for Oil and Gas in May 2003.
If so, please describe the measures taken.
Persons whose DNA is analysed also have the right to know who collects such information, for whom it is stored and who may have access to it.
The issuance criteria set out in the European Patent Convention are: (i) novelty; (ii) inventive activity; (iii) industrial application.
2 and 17 (b) of the European Agreement on Road Trademarks of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Artists, Producers of Phonograms and Broadcasting Organizations of 26 October 1961.
(h) Obtain approval of the implementation plan;
For example, the rural male population has increased in the North-East and South-West regions (from 49.8 per cent to 50.0 per cent and 49.1 per cent to 49.3 per cent respectively), while in the following regions: Bucharest (from 49.8 per cent to 49.4 per cent), the South (from 49.4 per cent to 49.2 per cent), the North-West region (from 49.7 per cent to 49.5 per cent) and the Centre (50.1 per cent).
Women and men also have equal rights to citizenship of their children.
The different family planning methods were not well known before 1989 and couples were most often using natural methods and condoms.
This re-evaluation takes into account the increase in the prices of school supplies, food items, clothing and other strictly necessary items for children, and is aimed at preventing school drop-out, a phenomenon that has increased in recent years owing to the decline in the financial resources of families with children.
The inadequacy of development activities in the country's most volatile areas has not been without consequences.
More than 40 countries benefited from the United Nations Development Group Common Services pilot programme, with donor grants to finance or improve common services provided to 24 country teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions, particularly the Bretton Woods institutions, have focused both on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and on poverty reduction strategy papers.
A representative may not, in raising a point of order, speak on the substance of the matter under discussion.
(e) Recalled that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation designated the Commission to serve as the focal point for discussions on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and reaffirm that partnerships, as voluntary initiatives by stakeholders, contribute to the implementation of intergovernmental commitments under Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
B. MESSAGES OF D'Assurance
We look forward to your consideration of our proposal.
Thus, the proposal to impose an immediate moratorium on commercial activities in the extractive industries in Liberia is based on past experiences and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
In their view, model 3, as it differed less than the other two of the current system, was likely to be used by several organizations.
Conditions of service of staff in the Professional and higher categories
As a result, the level of the mobility and hardship allowance would remain unchanged.
(e) Study on grade equivalency between the United Nations civil service and the United States federal civil service.
The Panel further noted that each loan was under way prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and assessing progress towards sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights stressed the importance of improving the response of the international community to violence by strengthening prevention efforts at the national level and through international cooperation.
While almost 50 business leaders were present at the official launch of the Global Compact by the end of 2003, the Global Compact has become a highly developed international network of more than 1,000 companies worldwide, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, as well as academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions detected by reporting institutions are reported to them.
• Debtor (D) and Credit Forms (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines created a climate of close consultation and cooperation among Governments, international organizations and similar NGOs.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11
The working group recognizes the importance of the summary that will accompany the report.
Following these deliberations, the members of the Committee, on the basis of the arrangements relating to the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on its fortieth sessionb (1997), which were approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997 and which will serve as the basis for the election of the officers of the Committee at the opening of its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue among States, indigenous peoples and other actors on the concept of indigenous peoples in the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III
Indigenous Peoples' Association, Indigenous Peoples and Indigenous Peoples
Most Governments are aware of the increasing threat posed by the continuing illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and attach high priority to measures to mitigate that threat.
These successes have required long-term investments in economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations discussed law enforcement issues with the Special Committee.
Statement submitted by the congregation No-Dame of the Charity of the Bon Pastor, a non-governmental organization in special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 provides updated information on the financial situation of UNTASO and the Civilian Police Support Group as at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lauro Baja, Jr.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Booby-Traps and Other Devices as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, as amended on 3 May 1996) annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they be defined in such a way as to facilitate monitoring and evaluation of results and that efforts be made to establish timetables for the implementation of outputs.
However, the Advisory Committee is not convinced that there is a need to create three additional posts to provide military expertise on an ongoing basis.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continue cooperation with grass-roots indigenous organizations, recognize their marginalization and strengthen their capacity to address issues of national and international concern;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1356 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo should not apply to protective clothing, including bulletproof jackets and military helmets, temporarily exported to Somalia for their personal use exclusively by United Nations personnel, media representatives, humanitarian personnel, development assistance personnel and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the Research Centre on Islamic History, Art and Culture in Istanbul to preserve the cultural heritage and Islamic identity of Muslim communities in non-OIC Member States.
It addressed the impact of the information society on economic and socio-cultural development, and urged industrial States to develop a work programme to enable developing States to avail themselves of communication technologies to bridge the digital divide and decided to participate actively at the World Summit on the Information Society and to coordinate their positions.
Condemns all forms of repression against refugees, including armed attacks on refugee camps, and pressures on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, aimed in particular at strengthening Islamic solidarity among Member States and strengthening their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and in all vital sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to reach consensus on its programme of work, including the establishment of subsidiary negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, prevention of the arms race in outer space, prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and effective international measures to protect non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to begin substantive work on the prevention of the arms race in outer space as soon as possible.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons
RESOLUTION No.
Thanks the IDB for organizing, from 14 to 16 September 2002 in Istanbul, a workshop on “Private sector investment and the role of IDB in Member States” in collaboration with the relevant OIC institutions and also thanks the Republic of Turkey for hosting the workshop.
Notes with appreciation the draft resolutions contained in the report of the ninth meeting of the private sector.
Further calls upon Member States that have technical facilities for the conservation and restoration of manuscripts, to grant scholarships to the staff of the Institute, with a view to increasing their expertise in this area.
Recalling further United Nations resolution 49/60 on the Declaration of Principles to Combat International Terrorism;
With regard to the entire West African region, which I hope will receive sustained attention from the Council and other agencies of the United Nations system following our mission and report, subregional problems are enormous and we have listed them in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the work of the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be decisive in averting a possible conflict if appropriate action is not taken.
These negotiations may have a number of disadvantages, as they require highly skilled and experienced staff and increase the risk of abusive or corrupt practices.
In the accompanying letter, UNCITRAL requested “comments on specific provisions to facilitate the preparation of an analytical commentary to be submitted to the Commission”.
It was therefore necessary to combine economic and political efforts and implement all relevant United Nations resolutions calling for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from all occupied territories and proclaiming the right of the Palestinian people to a politically independent and economically viable State.
Following the adoption of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003), the Minister of Finance of Jordan, in its note No. 12/3/2908 of 3 April 2003, provided the customs authorities with the names of the persons and entities on the Consolidated List and requested them to prohibit the customs clearance of goods imported or exported by such persons or entities and to confiscate them if they are in the territory, and to provide the Directorate of Customs with any information concerning them.
Invites States to review and reform, where appropriate, legislation and practices so as to raise the minimum age for marriage to 18 years, with or without parental consent, both for girls and boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteur with all relevant information, including a compilation of studies and publications on the impact of terrorism and the impact of counter-terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends the following draft resolution for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session:
Furthermore, the Committee has no objection that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the Emergency Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 should be supplemented by an amount not exceeding 200,000 dollars (see A/58/214, para.
Each subsystem is adapted to the information technology environment and procedures of the organization concerned.
Participants and beneficiaries will be the first to see an improvement in the services offered to them.
Group of 77 (Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important instrument of social change, as it enables everyone to acquire new values and change his or her relationship with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights enshrines the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and proclaims that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, that everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in the Declaration, without distinction of any kind, and that the individual has duties towards the community in which only the free and full development of his or her personality is possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to affirm that local staff must fulfil their national service obligations and several Eritreans working for UNMEE have been arrested.
The Committee will encourage those providing assistance to focus, through expanded capacity-building programmes, on counter-terrorism capacities; to give more priority to training and to ensure that programmes are implemented in a timely and results-based manner.
12.44 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Division on Investment, Enterprise and Technology.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they amounted to $21,478,915, including advances made by several Member States on their contributions for the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or place where their lives are at risk and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers from leaving a country where their lives are in danger;
There is a growing tendency to give priority to peace at the expense of justice, which can be understood in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises in a peace process, but which in fact results in undermining the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear no objection, I shall take it that the Assembly adopts this suggestion.
The General Assembly must elect 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded this stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
However, it regretted that there were still countries that had not adopted it in some regions where ballistic missile proliferation remained an urgent problem.
In view of the proposed opening of new disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration centres and the increase in the workload of the Section, a net increase of 38 posts is proposed.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, his delegation supported a broad scope of application.
As it had done in previous instalments, the Panel reviewed the claims in part two of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after assessing the evidence and other evidence, balancing the interests of the claimants who had to flee a war zone and those of Iraq, who are liable only for the direct losses and losses resulting from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Nevertheless, to address this problem, our State looks forward to future assistance from the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The Palestinian Authority's media, educational institutions and religious and political figures teach hatred, glorify and offer a moral, human and divine bond to massacres.
If we are on schedule, everyone will have the opportunity to address the Council.
To put an end to Israel's occupation of our territory, stop sending settlers and stop violating our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess progress made on the clean development mechanism and, where necessary, take appropriate action, recommends that the Conference of the Parties consider incorporating the preamble and paragraph below in its decision on the guidance to the Executive Board.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections were suspended, but the dictatorial government in Pinochet attempted to improve the delivery of local services, which led to a number of reforms, particularly in the area of revenue-sharing.
In accordance with Sub-Commission resolution 2002/21, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had identified indigenous peoples and globalization as the main themes of its work in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004: “Convening disputes on indigenous issues”; in 2005: “Protection of indigenous traditional knowledge at the national and international levels”; and in 2006: “Indigenous children and youth”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting a grant should be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and the continuing development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
General Assembly resolution 57/65 on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason for which it was not mentioned in the programme document was discussed.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2
In real terms, expenditure on children increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having examined the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to New Caledonia,
Therefore, there is no exception when it comes to the right of peoples to struggle for self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): The participation of civil society in general and non-governmental organizations in particular is regulated by the Convention process.
d Announcement of pledges to the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities for November 2000 and November 2002 for 2003.
As at 16 January 2003, the total number of new voluntary contributions made available for the twenty-second session of the Board was only $551,548 (see table 1 above).
(d) If the purpose of the action is to terminate or terminate the employment of an employee and, in the opinion of the Head of State, the head of Government or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the employer State, such action may interfere with the security interests of the State;
This session will be held at the Fiera Milano Congress Centre in Milan.
Whether this process is properly recognized and designated (company in transition or knowledge society) or not, any development, any regulations that strengthen knowledge systems, liberate human potential, enhance its value and channel it towards social, economic and political life, brings a society closer to this new phase of development.
Mary Ann has informed me of his intention to leave UNHCR for personal and professional reasons, and I have acceded to his request, not without regret.
The Committee suggests that all age groups be included in the Friends of the Chair indicator.
Stressing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts made in that regard by the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work done by the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Allocation of non-permanent seats for regions
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete the subparagraph.
The representative of any regional arrangement or agency should notify the President of the Security Council in writing that he wishes to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how it would be possible to provide better guidance for the implementation of such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee requests the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies it has adopted to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of the legislative provisions on equality between men and women, including in the field of women's representation at the various levels of government and the civil service.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety and security of all personnel under the auspices of the United Nations participating in the Force;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (General Assembly resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 53/242)1
Fundamental economic laws are under consideration, including investment and business registration laws and a bankruptcy bill.
It is encouraging to note that there has been no recent repetition of events at the end of 2002 and at the beginning of this year.
The fourth salient point is that the Government of East Timor has been able to generate $44.1 million in revenue, of which $26.7 million was in income from the Timor Sea during the current year, showing that the State is increasingly able to mobilize its own resources.
The carrier should not deal with the liability of the performing carrier.
Additional statements and contributions regarding the preparation of the draft instrument
(d) Encourage, in general, activities to strengthen the independence of the judiciary and the legal profession.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and is increasing over the years.
One of them was allegedly executed at the University's main entrance, apparently with the aim of creating a climate of terror after a demonstration organized shortly by students.
The international community should address this growing trend towards the use of excessive force;
We would also like to repeat that, with regard to the controversy over the issue of the agent inner XV and the charcoal, which was unilaterally destroyed by Iraq, it made concrete proposals during the recent technical discussions with Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February, aimed at resolving the issues considered by the former Special Commission as vague or pending.
Efforts have been made in the past in the form of proposed texts in the hope of breaking the political impasse.
We intend to increase the number of customs and procurement experts for monitoring imports in Iraq.
Let us move towards peace because we will be able to establish it if we sincerely seek to achieve it, with unwavering determination and political will.
I again wish to express France's full confidence and support in their mission.
But Spain is aware that peace and security are guaranteed by respect for and implementation of the resolutions of the Security Council and will come at a time when, in the absence of a change in political attitude, the Council will be compelled to assume its responsibilities in the name of international peace and security because of the lack of cooperation on the part of the regime of Saddam Hussein.
In this regard, the action of the international community and of the Security Council with regard to the Baghdad regime remains the main factor in ensuring Iraq's cooperation with the inspectors, and it is also the main condition for a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) Be consistent with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
Financial entities;
As we have indicated, Egypt has signed or ratified all conventions except the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, demonstrating its positive attitude towards the fight against terrorism.
Moreover, as it is impossible to build confidence in the day after, we must remain patient in order to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7 Number of letters on entitlements
Senior Legal Officer
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia are still attracting a large number of people, and a third is expected to open in the near future.
In some cases, for example, in the water sector, the number of transnational enterprises capable of operating worldwide is very limited.
Within the framework of these principles, the Government of Croatia has undertaken a wide range of social and economic reforms aimed at promoting employment growth and social welfare, such as the effective implementation of its National Strategy for the Eradication of Poverty and the Fight against Social Exclusion and the creation of social partnerships that will accord priority to human resources and ensure education and science a central role in the quest for social progress.
The 218th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be held on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism has been installed at the rostrum to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 2003)1
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 2003)
To ensure the full enjoyment of the rights of persons with disabilities, the international community should widely support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account historical, cultural and development differences among countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be based on all international norms and standards on disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also those derived from resolutions of United Nations bodies and organizations.
The African Union affirmed that African peoples must strive to eliminate social barriers and promote affirmative action for the disabled.
To ensure that the secretariat's divisions had sufficient resources, the 13 per cent charge against project budgets for administrative costs should be allocated to the project implementation division.
The disruption in the provision of medicines, disposable materials and spare parts for equipment — especially for emergency services, therapy and surgical units and other services for adults and children — has made the conditions under which medical personnel provide their care extremely difficult.
Is this policy meaningful?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/11 in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and in accordance with the provisions of its Constitution concerning respect for international law.
[Original: English] [17 June 2004]
Employment has progressed slowly and unemployment has remained at a reasonably low level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[Original: Spanish] [21 May 2004]
Limited access to energy sources and high fuel costs and consequent shortages have had a serious impact on urban transport, increased production costs and adversely affected effective social and urban activities.
Introduction
Monitor who is the applicant for transfers that has a bank account and wishes to transfer a sum exceeding US$ 10,000 or the equivalent in another currency.
Article 35(1) of the Rules provides that:
For example, it could, as proposed by the Secretary-General, establish a multi-stakeholder group on debt restructuring mechanisms, whose discussions and conclusions could be brought to the attention of intergovernmental decision-making bodies.
