There is, therefore, no matter of concern when laws to combat terrorism give law enforcement agencies and intelligence services the exceptional powers of surveillance and investigation without referring them to justice.
Ms. Borzi Cornacchia (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur saw her future programme of work and whether she planned to include missions.
First, there is a need to increase the representative character of the Government, particularly in security institutions, and to intensify efforts to promote national unity and reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including warlords and the Taliban — benefit from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend that is contrary to the most fundamental principles of international humanitarian law, and which raises critical questions that are urgently needed.
The Committee requests the State party to disseminate its concluding observations widely at all levels of society, including among State officials and the judiciary, and to inform the Committee in its next periodic report of all steps taken to implement those observations.
If additional funds were made available for programmes in Africa, the programme budget resources for the region would increase, as suggested by the high assumption.
Adoption of the report on credentials
6 See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, under the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, one P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the Web site Section to strengthen the language capacity of the website.
Organization chart
A new gender analysis guide will be released in 2003.
Statistics (see responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) seem to show that the impact has been to reduce women's access to unemployment benefits.
In this regard, emphasis should be placed on the special needs of the least developed countries, since their participation in global trade remains marginal and, to date, none of them has become a member of the World Trade Organization.
Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq troubled our Governments.
We, like Iraq, have a priority commitment.
As a result of that situation, my country believes that the draft resolution is an effective means of strengthening pressure on Iraq to comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
This attempts to obscure the situation.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, acting on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Development and transfer of technologies” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The proposed legislative reforms, inter alia, require technical assistance, including the acquisition of equipment necessary to enhance security at ports of entry and to train staff, especially in the area of the detection of fraudulent travel documents.
Noting the efforts of the Governments of some Territories to meet the highest financial monitoring standards,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
In considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/114 containing the guidelines for the application by the Sub-Commission of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other relevant decisions and practices.
The assessment of the level of girls' education in the Horn of Africa and Eastern Africa has identified the causes of the problem, which has already been identified elsewhere: the magnitude of household tasks and the financial sacrifice of girls' education to the family are the main social factors preventing them from receiving equal education with boys; and the lack of textbooks is added.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly begins when we respond to the Secretary-General's call to reflect on the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, there are still a number of actions to be taken to ensure that future generations judge us positively.
During this period of economic hardship, the Government spent more than $5 million last year on services designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
OPINION No.
The original judgement was rendered in favour of the plaintiffs, but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently reversed the judgement.
The Government asserts that these persons were arrested for conspiracy with enemy forces to overthrow the legal Government.
Mr. Yawowi Agboyibo, a lawyer, former parliamentarian, Chairman of the Action Committee for Renewal (CAR), a political party, was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to six months and imprisoned at the Lomé civil prison, despite his appeal.
The Working Group, having rendered this opinion, requests the Government to take the necessary steps to remedy the situation, in accordance with the standards and principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
First and foremost, the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves must be met by identifying appropriate formulas and timetables to complete their respective decolonization processes.
The resolution of this pending issue will only serve to strengthen confidence.
These historical initiatives help to better understand the needs and aspirations of peoples under colonial domination by giving them the necessary visibility in a highly competitive globalized economy.
Only the United Nations has a legitimate mandate under its Charter and has the legal and political authority and international legitimacy to meet the greatest challenges to international peace and security.
Therefore, the United Nations must not only continue its tasks in Iraq but also extend them and provide more robust support to the Iraqi people.
UNAIDS is currently funding a position of HIV/AIDS adviser at the headquarters of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, which coordinates the overall strategy and initiatives to facilitate work in the field.
In accordance with article 5, paragraph 3, of its substantive statute, the organization, on the proposal of its general coordinator and in consultation with the Executive Board, proceeded to de facto exclude Ms. Bonavita, regardless of her status in the organization, for having violated the rules of procedure of the Council, disrupted the work of the Commission on Human Rights and failed to respect the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement, under Article 3, exercises its activities through the following bodies:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the National Human Rights Commission Act of Mongolia.
While some members of the Working Group were of the view that this provision should not necessarily be included in insolvency law and could be left to ordinary law, it was observed that it was closely linked to recommendation 70, and should, for reasons of clarity and legal certainty, be included in insolvency law.
After discussion, some support was expressed for the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also a party to numerous international treaties on corruption, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of Money-Laundering Crimes Related to Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Related Crimes, and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of providing the United Nations system with a management school was a sense of the need to improve the coherence and effectiveness of the international civil service.
(c) Whether or not it is desirable, given the nature of the activity, to grant subcontractors exclusive rights;
In both cases, market leader positions cannot be considered automatically acquired.
Yet the United Nations business portfolio includes high-value-added products that are not equivalent in the world.
Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/Financial Rules/Rev.2/Amend.2), 12 February 1980.
In 2002, the executive board reviewed the structure and composition of the secretariat, which had not been adequately staffed.
While not part of the Group's sessional documentation, these three documents may not be all ready for the session, they will be available on the UNCTAD website, such as all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessional periods 45 20
The three options are not mutually exclusive.
However, when they come, the Republic of Haiti is insisting on taking action.
This system has proven its effectiveness in its most visible part, the electronic presentation of exhibits in the court.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also challenges the principle of default referral of the Rome Statute as to which organ — the Court or the Council — is entitled to first examine individual criminal cases involving officials or personnel present or past from a State not a party to the Rome Statute as to acts or omissions occurring during an established or authorized United Nations operation.
It is also the reasoning that the Secretary-General followed before the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
In particular, the International Criminal Court, of which 90 States have so far become parties, has become a reality, given the election this year of its 18 judges and Prosecutor and the forthcoming appointment of its Registrar.
Although the Eldoret Declaration was signed by all factions participating in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, the majority of these factions have continued to fight and import or receive weapons.
The first recipient of arms and ammunition from the Government of Ethiopia who was identified was Ali Mahdi.
According to British Customs officials in Nairobi and London, heroin is smuggled into Somalia by vessels from South Asia to be transported to Africa and the West.
Singapore
The political turbulence that characterized its first year in power has completely damaged the country in a material manner.
The legislation in force in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and establish an effective protection system so that United Nations and associated personnel can carry out their missions in safety.
Although it had begun its work only under two years earlier, it had already achieved tangible results.
Friends of the fish consider fisheries subsidies to be detrimental to the environment and cause depletion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
In particular, it served as a framework for developing a common language for United Nations staff on the prevention of armed conflict through interaction and exchange of experiences.
The consulting actuary was also responsible for proposing alternative methods for financing future after-service health insurance liabilities.
Management services contracts between UNDP and various donors were all implemented by UNOPS.
Table 7
Table 8 summarizes the reserve accounts for field offices and accommodation.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of the 16 charges for a husband's culture were women.
The church is probably the most influential institution in Samoa's society.
In practice, the police have made it possible for a woman police officer to be present when a victim of domestic violence or sexual abuse is involved.
The Overseas Financial Centre is headed by a Legal Officer and its staff consists of another Legal Officer.
Teenage pregnancies continue to be a special feature in rural areas, and concerted efforts are usually made to marry the girl as soon as possible for fear that the situation will continue, leading to punishment of the family involved by the village council, usually the girl child.
Non-governmental organizations
Every effort must be made to revive this process without delay, while at all cost preserving the standard established 30 years ago and still current in the field of biological weapons.
This legislation is of great importance to Armenia, as it creates an adequate legislative basis for the future strengthening of the export control system in the country, one of the key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance are a particularly important issue for our time and an imperative in building a world that ensures the development of nations in universal harmony.
In that regard, we welcome Belgrade's invitation to the Mission to join in the search for a solution to practical issues related to the opening of two new border crossing points in the Kosovo border area on Serbia and Montenegro and Macedonia.
Therefore, the United Kingdom fully supports the “standards before status” policy.
I join the members of the Council in thanking Mr. Annabi for his briefing and for the information he provided to us.
India will, if necessary, provide further information on its comments and will also participate in discussions to resolve the issues raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 269th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) as Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla (Cuba) and Mr. Ravan A. G. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) as Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta) as Rapporteur.
Among other things, it was to continue to modernize the technical components of the system in order to ensure its continued presence on the Internet, including through the UNISPAL “Question of Palestine” interface on the United Nations home page under “Peace and security”, and to expand its collection by adding new and old documents.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15−2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
But before giving them the floor, I would like to make some opening remarks at the time of Japan's presidency of the Conference.
The Committee for Development Policy intended to review the issue at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General will address this issue in his forthcoming report to the General Assembly.
Ms. Gabr asked more about France's vision for the future with regard to special measures.
The report covers the period since the introduction of the first report of ISAF III, and also presents the final assessment of ISAF III prior to the transition to ISAF IV.
Comment.
(iii) The Secretary-General's decision on this recommendation is not subject to appeal.
(6) The notion that a unilateral act is based in principle on a single State appears prima facie to be a matter of course.
Mr. Raytchev (Bulgaria): Like previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the United States and British delegations for their comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
Therefore, combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought through sustainable development policies represent a major global challenge.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to understand.
The programme has so far focused on the authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 It is expected that the objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat units located at the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support to the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and cooperate fully in the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive drug control strategy based on close cooperation between the stakeholders and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between the Guatemalan authorities and the Mexican authorities were defined in the Border Security Plan between Mexico and Guatemala.
Countries in the region were studying all the implications of such a creation.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), noting that Armenia claimed to have implemented all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, asked what was the Council's main demand for the immediate and unconditional withdrawal of the Armenian armed forces occupying the territory of Azeri.
Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I called on the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and unimpeded implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the United Nations Information and Communications Technology Task Force, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The determined commitment of the Kosovo self-governing authorities is crucial to breaking the power of this crime and it is through concrete results that we will judge their ability to exercise the functions that have been transferred to them.
If the situation is changing towards a return to peace, UNRWA will have to meet the demands of a transition from conflict to recovery and development, and to that end will call for a special fund similar to that it had launched for its Peace Implementation Programme following the signing of the Oslo Accords.
(ii) A decrease of $300,000 in requirements for maintenance of premises, owing to the non-recosting of the 2002-2003 budget;
1.79 Promote health policy and service delivery standards for host authorities to optimize the use of resources and avoid duplication and priority conflicts.
Prevention and control of diseases
1.141 Increased rate of use of computers and computerization of office work.
Table 15 Operational and technical services: resource requirements by expenditure category
Improvement of the status of women in rural areas
- Retention of the word “technical” after the word “support” in the first line and insert the word “and” after the word “technical”, to read “technical and effective”.
(d) Ensure that institutional stakeholders take due account of public service values, in particular in relation to honesty of behaviour, sound management of resources, transparency in decision-making, evaluation, accountability and commitment to providing services to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed by paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002);
Any indigenous initiative should be based on two principles.
We now seek to put Côte d'Ivoire at work and resume our activities, as in the past, in concert with all neighbouring countries of the subregion.
This would result in a sense of accountability that could significantly improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The exporting Authority is invited, before validating a certificate, to require the exporter to submit a statement stating that exported rough diamonds are not conflict diamonds.
Other developments include:
(c) To examine the extent to which the recommendation of the United Nations Board of Auditors that the Registrar seek to reduce costs by designating councils that reside in the vicinity of the seat of the Tribunal can be followed, in view of the international character of the Tribunal, and make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the problem of late disclosure of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the weapons collection programme had experienced delays and the process of weapons destruction had been stalled.
It was also stated that the distinction between contractual and real aspects was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the decision of the Committee at its first session, a pre-sessional working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the views of the child
(f) To allocate more resources, both financial and human, to specialized education, including vocational training and assistance to families of children with disabilities;
(a) Develop a set of measures to update the implementation of the provisions of the Convention on children and parents (including initiatives to reach out to persons who are illiterate or have not benefited from school education), civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including the al-biyya;
(d) Continuing difficulties in raising parents' awareness of their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective mechanisms for periodic review of the treatment of the child and any other circumstances relating to his or her placement.
Therefore, the question was what approach was being taken to strengthen and improve the elements of the enjoyment of human rights and its control relating to persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia addressed a letter to the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, denouncing the decision as “illegal, unjust and irresponsible”, and rejecting the demarcation process.
Progress made in the implementation of the treaties of GAZ, 1990-2000
Figure 10.
However, United Nations reform as such should not be our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics prepared by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344) that technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the most commonly requested form of assistance.
I hope that you will now endorse the updated aide-memoire as a tool to reflect the evolution of protection priorities and that it will be useful to the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the protection needs and rights of civilians are reflected in the relevant Security Council resolutions and mandates.
In that regard, I would like to mention the very important resolution 1502 (2003) submitted by Mexico and adopted by the Council during the Syrian presidency of the Council in August on the protection of United Nations, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict areas.
Civilian populations must not be taken hostage by warring factions to try to deny them access to humanitarian assistance.
The Board's recommendations are verified by the Fund secretariat as to their compliance with the relevant United Nations rules and then submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken at the fourth session of the World Trade Organization Ministerial Conference to consider, through the Council on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, the relationship between the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Stressing the importance of effective action by the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission on issues of impunity and accountability and the promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council has repeatedly stressed the importance it attaches to the success of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Giraldo (Colombia), Mr. Vassilakis (Greece), Mr. Gopinathan (India), Mr. Zarif (Islamic Republic of Iran), Mr. Haraguchi (Japan), Mr. Kazykhanov (Kazakhstan), Mr. McIvor (New Zealand), Mr. Kolby (Norway), Mr.
At the outset, I would like to highlight three points concerning the drug situation in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for its generous and continuing role in leading the fight against narcotics.
States cannot act in isolation against this problem.
(d) Effective risk management and internal control systems; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to expedite extradition proceedings and to simplify evidentiary requirements relating thereto in respect of offences to which this article applies.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, place of business or place where the other persons concerned are located;
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that this article is not intended to require the prosecution of minor offences.
The requested State Party should consider waiving a final judgement in cases where the judgement cannot be obtained as a result of the fact that the offender cannot be prosecuted for death, escape or absence or in other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit adopted a policy developed with the support of the Programme Funding Office, which addressed the systematic review of country office oversight mechanisms on fund-raising, management of other resources contributions and reporting to donors on the use of funds.
Each centre organizes three to five training courses per year, in collaboration with national authorities, various agencies and programmes of the United Nations system (including UN-Habitat, UNDP, UNEP, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank Institute and the Global Compact Office), international associations of elected representatives (e.g. the All-Inter-Parliamentary Union, the World Association of Cities and Local Authorities, the Latin American Federation of Cities and Cities Associations, and Cities Associations).
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination has been maintained as a basic principle for negotiations.
(f) The status of the programmes for the destruction of anti-personnel mines referred to in articles 4 and 5, including details on methods for the destruction, the location of all places of destruction and the standards for safety and environmental protection.”
http://disarmament.un.org/MineBan.nsf.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “External debt crisis and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
From September 2000 to April 2003, at least 12,737 Palestinians saw their homes demolished by Israeli military forces, which invaded the towns with the support of tanks, armoured vehicles and helicopters and destroyed houses with explosives while their inhabitants were still in the city.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore absolutely essential in this struggle.
On this last point, I will not go down in detail.
Madam Chairperson, I thank you for convening this meeting, and I also thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), for his comprehensive report and for his concrete proposals to improve the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) and the continued focus on the threat posed by Al-Qaida.
Lastly, she said that she would ensure that the Secretariat would take into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain regarding the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of the proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have provided examples of other official statistics producers, who are developing and publishing statistics in their own area of work.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remained firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and the agreements reached at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences and called for the speedy and full implementation of the 13 practical steps agreed at the 2000 Review Conference.
ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians about the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after the cessation of active hostilities, when civilian casualties are often high.
Chairperson's summary
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do the same?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring the universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the consideration of human rights issues, as affirmed in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993,
The unfortunate incident of Depayin on 30 May 2003 influenced many conclusions of the Special Rapporteur's progress report (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the protracted drought and the effects of long-term conflict.
Nepal therefore urges the High Commissioner to examine this issue further.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
When the debate is limited and a member or representative exceeds the allotted time, the President shall call it to order immediately.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Article 87
Article 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
Reports, formal decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention shall be distributed by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and interested States parties and, as decided by the Committee, to members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested recipients.
States parties shall submit to the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on the measures they have taken to give effect to their commitments under this Convention, within one year of the entry into force of the Convention for the State party concerned.
In carrying out their mandates, rapporteurs may, with the consent of the Committee, carry out the necessary visits to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of his or her functions, the Chairman remains under the authority of the Committee.
Rule 71
Systematic violence in the Mambasa-Komanda area was carried out in three different periods:
Around 12 October, FAC soldiers forcibly entered the witness' house in Mambasa.
All those interviewed confirmed that there were many cases of rape of girls, some of which were barely 10 years old.
It is on the basis of the Team's report that a new trial was initiated against 27 suspects in the forces of the Republic of Slovenia.
Global road safety crisis
After the established designation, this entity is subject to a set of sanctions prescribed by the Terrorism Suppression Act.
A working group of experts, including representatives of various Pacific countries and organizations and assisted by two editors (New Zealand and Australia), is currently drafting model provisions.
Accelerated review of reinstatement of eligibility to mechanisms
Their role should be clarified and their authority and responsibilities better defined.
Of the $42.8 million for the year ended 30 June 2002, only $28.4 million, or 66 per cent, had been disbursed at the end of the biennium.
OIOS recommended that the Office urgently establish appropriate mechanisms to cope with the increased number of applications received through the Galaxy system; promote mobility by ensuring better conditions of service at the various duty stations and streamlining administrative procedures; ensure that the e-PAS is linked to a tangible rewards system and staff input to the implementation of institutional goals; and systematically ensure that staff are trained in managerial functions.
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors conduct an evaluation of the capacity and professional skills of OIOS to provide internal audit services for the administrative and investment activities of the Fund, in accordance with generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pension funds, and report on the evaluation at its next audit for the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Investigation of misuse of an office computer
Financial institutions are required to regularly report suspicious commercial transactions and to monitor any irregularities.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has considered the report carefully, with the assistance of its experts, and has written to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments.
This offence is committed by any person who intentionally organizes or facilitates the entry into the national territory of an individual of whom he or she knows, or has good reason to assume, that he is a clandestine immigration or intends to seek asylum.
The number of women in positions of official representatives at the national and local levels, as well as the level of women's participation, are covered in previous tables.
- The establishment of formal committees in institutions to assess and report on the situation of academic women.
13.3 The Government is committed to providing as wide a contributory pension as possible to as many categories as possible and is aware that persons who cease work to assume family responsibilities may be disadvantaged in terms of social security.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (the Domestic Violence Act), which, inter alia, deals with interdiction and protection judgements and gives Garda broad powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The forthcoming revision of the Charter will highlight in particular the possibility of formally refusing to use information services.
Stressing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, Newcolonialism, aggression, occupation and foreign domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is indispensable for the full enjoyment by men and women of their rights,
Article 12
States parties shall accord to men and women the same rights with respect to legislation relating to the right to freedom of movement and to choose their residence and domicile.
Workshops
It could also request Working Group I to cooperate closely with Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on aspects of procurement legislation relevant to electronic commerce.
- Request for information under section 44 (1) of the Banking Act in connection with the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against institutions in the United States (Rundschreien_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Committee decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have not affected GDP growth in the region, the uncertainty that they created has resulted in most of the region's scholarships, where the overall trend in 2002 has been declining with some minor occasional occasions.
Such plans include improved forecasting, early warning systems and continuous communication between disaster-prone areas or communities and authorities.
UNESCO, ICSU and several affiliated agencies will promote biodiversity conservation activities in which remote sensing and GIS will be a major focus.
Thematic discussions on the items were held and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights on the prohibition of forced evictions,
Welcomes the continued use of the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement by the Representative of the Secretary-General in his dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and other relevant actors, and requests him to continue his efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on preparing for its deployment inside the country.
The remuneration of the other two judges is provided in the proposed budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Trial Section 1
Elections will be sorted, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Chief Ominayak and Lake Lubicon v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX A, para.
Bangladesh is largely governed by civil and criminal procedural codes established during the British regime.
It has published and disseminated in all countries fascicles explaining the procedure to be followed and the need for birth registration and marriages in order to raise public awareness and ensure active cooperation.
Response to Recommendation 460: In its development plans, the Government has taken a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the changing nature of requests for assistance, as well as the growing need for certain types of medium-term specialized assistance aimed at strengthening and strengthening the capacity of the Government of the requesting country, in particular the capacity of national electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age for marriage was the same for men and women and whether it was at least 18 years of age.
UNDP intends to provide more support to the national reconciliation process, social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of his report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257), and stressed that globalization did not take due account of the human dimension, the interdependence of economies did not take into account the right to employment.
His country continued to strive to improve cooperation with the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/....
At the closing date of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of the 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration under article 14, paragraph 1, of the Convention.
Concluding observations of the Committee on
However, the periodic report highlights the measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts where Greek and Macedonian minorities are traditionally concentrated.
They claim that Denmark has violated article 2, paragraph 1 (d), and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant claims, in support of this claim, that according to a decision of the Eastern High Court of 5 February 1999, an incident of racial discrimination does not in itself constitute a violation of the honour and reputation of a person within the meaning of article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“Mr.
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno, Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and to Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted in the context of the proposed programme budget in the future.
A both general and succinct description of the activity will be provided in section B.3.1, including information on the effects of GHGs and the type and importance of the technology used (e.g. installed capacity, production).
Environmental, economic and social impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica had become a sponsor of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above) would considerably address this problem.
Developing countries should be provided with means of implementation, in the form of new and additional financial resources, of technology transfer on concessional terms and capacity-building.
The third World Water Forum, held in Japan, developed an action plan to identify a number of projects worldwide and to establish a network of web sites to accelerate water-related activities.
(See annex to the present document for a breakdown of expenditures for these activities.
24.61 The provision of $2,995,200 (increase of $465,700) provides for: (a) the continuation of 10 posts (4 Professional; 6 General Service (Other level)); (b) the delayed impact of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) in the biennium 2002-2003; and (c) non-post requirements for the Office of the High Commissioner.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system and its unique capacity and practical experience in coordinating assistance in conflict and post-conflict situations, inter alia, in the protection and respect of human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $458,000
Division
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, the final recommendations without a vote.
Rule 103 provides that elections shall be held by secret ballot, unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of an election to a post that is the subject of only one candidate.
(ii) One representative from an Asian State;
(c) Strengthening of international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study, mitigate and minimize the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to it at its fifty-eighth session a report on the status and implementation of the Agreement for the Implementation of the Provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982 relating to the Conservation and Management of Straddling Fish Stocks and Highly Migratory Fish Stocks, and related instruments and its impact on its entry into force.
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under the items entitled “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the item every two years from its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects3
World Solidarity Fund
Promoting youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the further progress made in the United Nations system's work on behalf of children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake a comprehensive assessment of the scope and effectiveness of the measures taken by the United Nations system, including recommendations to strengthen, mainstream, integrate and continue such activities, and to submit its findings to the Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, which it considered.
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility for the results and relevance of the General Assembly and other organs of the United Nations rests with Member States alone, and no reform can remedy that situation, as long as those in a position to decide seem to be determined to obstruct the work we are all supposed to work.
The Millennium Declaration, as well as the Monterrey conferences on financing for development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development, have given rise to great hope in the international community, particularly in developing countries, to finally see a stable, just and united socio-economic order.
That goal can be achieved only through a multilateral and comprehensive approach and through the development of transparent strategies that would enable us to free the world of nuclear weapons.
- Sports competitions in various types of national sports, support for schools, sections and sports circles for children and young people and the acquisition of sports materials.
The outreach programme for Latin America and the Caribbean, which responds to the needs of particularly threatened poor communities, continued to focus on developing innovative information and education tools and forging partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy secretariat, who acts as Secretary.
Obstacles to market access, including tariff rises and inflation, limit developing country exports.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova for a period of three years, beginning on 1 January 2001.
Please provide information on the legal basis, with a brief description of the laws, regulations and/or procedures, which in your country control the transfer of such funds or assets to identified individuals and entities, including:
It is also necessary for the Council to strengthen the political framework of the peace process — in a word, to rekindle the momentum of this peace process, which has, of course, made progress, but needs to be put back on track.
We believe that what is important for someone is also urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of an Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, in which Brazil participates.
We will recall the Security Council meeting of 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region in the maintenance of peace and security, which culminated in the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy Executive Director United Nations Children's Fund
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “the Council has placed the burden on Iraq to fulfil its obligations and disarm, and not on the inspectors to find what Iraq has tried to conceal for so long.
It is normal for there to be a multitude of information related to the organization and administration of these sites and to have no connection with the mandate of the inspection teams or with weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
Another constraint is the unequal situation with regard to counterparts who could be provided, given the lack of skills that Timorese society inherited.
The majority of East Timorese continue to carry out subsistence farming with extremely rudimentary means of production.
As our bilateral relations flourish at all levels, we urge the international community, as well as the United Nations, to support this process.
First, many observations have been made on the judicial system.
The President of the Court of Appeal should therefore be sworn in later this week.
(b) The project database is divided into two sections: United Nations projects and projects carried out by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations and Governments; it contains project descriptions and funding needs;
(e) 1.17 “performing party” means a person other than the carrier that performs material [or undertakes to perform] [or fails to perform any or all of the carrier's obligations under a contract of carriage for the purpose of the carriage, the handling, custody or storage of the goods, to the extent that it acts, directly or indirectly, at the request of the carrier or under the supervision or supervision of the carrier.
The order of definitions was modified in accordance with that suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of adding a paragraph 1 bis to Variant C, which would read “1 bis.
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is being implemented by more than one third of Member States, including some high-income countries, in order to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of contaminated needles.
Most of the police information systems that have registries in accordance with the Schengen Agreement Implementation Convention function as a national database accessible by the Internet and are either fully operational or in the testing phase.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces at the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a grant agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist infected and affected people.
Like most countries in the region, Zimbabwe relies primarily on donor support for its HIV/AIDS programmes, but this support has declined since 1999.
Therefore, the President of the Republic has promulgated a law that defines the responsibility of the Chilean State for the prevention of AIDS and establishes the goal of promoting prevention and non-discrimination against persons living with the disease.
Venezuela had benefited in recent years from the development of cooperation with UNIDO in areas such as mercury pollution, agro-industries and the timber industry, investment promotion, exports and technology promotion.
The practical implementation of the projects under this comprehensive framework requires a determined effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that these financial implications, amounting to €447,836, be included in the programme budget for 2004 under Major Programme 4, Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to guarantee to any person brought before a court or court within their jurisdiction the right to be present in his or her trial and to defend himself or herself or to have the assistance of a lawyer of his or her own choosing;
In 2001, a Ministry for Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, was established.
Given the contribution of women in the economic and social sectors, policies should be adopted as soon as possible to address the social, economic and cultural problems they face.
The International Organization for Migration (IOM) has made the fight against trafficking one of its priorities and is collaborating with various United Nations bodies and agencies in this regard.
Pakistan welcomes the progress already made in this regard and calls for the implementation of the procedures for basic radiation protection standards of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in this regard.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) expressed disappointment at the outcome of the recent World Trade Organization (WTO) ministerial conference in Cancun, and expressed concern at the lack of agreement on tariff cuts and agricultural subsidies, which would have generated US$ 500 billion in income for rich and poor countries and contributed to the poverty of some 144 million people by 2015.
If nothing is done to address them, the injustice of economic globalization will turn the problems of the third world back to the first, and poverty, terrorism and disease will also be globalized.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya had proposed to overcome the problems that impeded its development, both in urban and rural areas and in the desert, but its task was complicated by the presence of mines in its territory.
The plight of the Aral Sea is one example of the problems.
Mr. Beeser (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly for the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action was a landmark step towards the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hopes that international protection of the rights of migrant workers, especially women migrant workers, who are the most vulnerable to discrimination will be ensured.
In order to provide a fair and rational way to know what can reasonably be presumed with respect to a description of the goods provided by the shipper, the instrument should be modified as proposed in paragraphs 153 and 154 of the commentary.
They often rely on the assistance of the relevant services of other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence expenses for activities outside the Organization
(Cancelled)
Rule 207.18
(iv) Where the educational institution is too remote for daily visits to the area where the staff member is in office and, in the opinion of the Secretary-General, there are no schools in that area which would be suitable for the child, the amount of the grant is calculated at the same rates as those specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
His delegation could not support the proposed consolidation of the accounts of peacekeeping operations, which was incompatible with the current Financial Regulations and Rules and could reduce the control that the General Assembly could exercise on each mission.
She requested the Secretariat to indicate what it had done to recruit local General Service posts for the Force in accordance with the relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO has participated in a total of 66 mangrove projects in 35 countries.
Group 1
(d) It is important to review the implementation of past projects (results, possible follow-up, etc.) and to disseminate lessons learned from past experiences.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraphs 26 and 27 above, an amount of 20,051,150, consisting of:
During the reporting period, a new Government was installed in Afghanistan, with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these obstacles is the case for all and much more active engagement is expected from the international community.
This expansion of the programme of work makes it difficult to coordinate with the parallel initiatives of various organizations in areas such as electronic commerce, dispute settlement, insolvency, transport law, security rights and privately financed infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supports the continuation of work on the two draft anti-terrorist conventions, which should be completed expeditiously.
The list indicates:
Monitoring the implementation of the resolution must be carried out in a climate of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which was due in August 1996, which was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) Adopt measures to improve the physical conditions of detention in prisons and to prevent both violence between prisoners and the use of violence against detainees by prison staff.
2.4 At the same time, the Ljubo Radovic police officer was travelling to the Bozova Glavic area to tell Roma people that they had to leave immediately.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to provide reparation and compensation to the victims of an act within the meaning of that provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that at no time during the proceedings the complainant has provided details of his alleged torture.
He claims that his voluntary return to Sri Lanka would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has ascertained, as it is required to do under article 22, paragraph 5 (a), of the Convention, that the same matter has not been and is not being examined under another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
2.2 Upon his arrest, the Spanish authorities first requested his extradition, but this request was subsequently withdrawn because of an error on the person.
(b) The contested statement must be an essential part of the prosecution against the author of the communication;
5.4 As to the evidence to support the allegations that Mr. Azurmendi made his statements under torture, the complainant refers to a CPT report concerning the specific period during which the contentious statements took place and that:
The complainant's grandfather is the mother's nephew of Abdullah Öcalan.
1.3 By note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its observations on the admissibility and merits of the complaint, and also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures, in accordance with rule 108, paragraph 7, of its rules of procedure.
By granting Spain's extradition, the Federal Office of Justice had de facto accepted evidence obtained by torture.
b There is no further clarification of these problems.
a Number of responding countries: 65.
In the meantime, it would be risky to become too familiar in this area, as there is a risk of contradictions and inconsistencies with the various private international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
The framework for the maintenance of peace and the settlement of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, would unfortunately justify this change of attitude.
Observer status for the East African Community in the General Assembly (A/58/232 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division works closely with UNDP in the areas of indicator compilation and analysis, compliance with agreed definitions and standards and data needs.
Initial research has already yielded strong results and has produced specific research and development proposals.
i.
Stresses the essential role that political leaders and political parties can and should play in strengthening democracy by combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete steps to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2003/L.11/Add.4
Relevance means the extent to which an activity is consistent with national objectives or is part of these objectives.
They will therefore be the most likely to earn if the goals are achieved, but they will be the most penalized if their local interests are not taken into account.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Board Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with ongoing political and legislative processes and new institutional arrangements in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint venture made by the South Pacific Mining Corporation (SSP), which is controlled by the Kanaks, and the Canadian company Falconbridge to construct a smelter in the North Province to treat nickel from the Koniambo mountains.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand fell by 34 per cent and the number from Japan by 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea, inter alia, stated that, should there be good will on the part of all parties concerned, progress should be made in considering the issues of New Caledonia and Western Sahara.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The process would take approximately four weeks, from the date of a decision to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by aerial bombardment in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Measures taken
In particular, the Working Group provided a detailed analytical commentary on the draft, which UNCITRAL published as a working paper of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/SDTE/TLB/4).
The estimated requirements for civilian personnel for the period 2003/04, covering 256 international staff, 282 national staff and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amount to $28,314,900, representing a decrease of $4,938,300 (14.9 per cent) compared to the apportionment for the period 2002-2003.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing under the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance of the participation of the major diamond-producing, trading or working countries in the Kimberley Process self-regulation system,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
Thus, in the final analysis, the new proposals, although they appear to be attractive, appear not only in practice in view of the level of coordination required, the broad range of actors that would necessarily be involved and the long period of reporting, but may lead not to simplifying processes but to complication by adding a new level of work, adding to the task of recipient countries and other actors.
It cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the organs by providing its comments and observations at the request of various United Nations agencies, organizing conferences and seminars, publishing books and brochures on selected issues being discussed by the United Nations system and engaging in lobbying.
Table 1 compares the requirements for the biennium 2004-2005 (at 2004-2005 rates), revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 57/293 of 20 December 2002 and actual expenditures and income for the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report be produced, on an experimental basis, in time for submission to the General Assembly at the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
One D-2, Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.).
Travel requirements for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,170,300 (before recosting), an increase of $74,800 over the appropriation for 2002-2003.
Section 26 Palestine refugees
In future, the distribution of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and between the regular budget and extrabudgetary resources should be explained either in programme documents or in supplementary guidance.
The procurement of firearms and explosives in the informal market must be denounced to the prosecutor's office, the violation of the Federal Act on Firearms and Explosives, and shall be punishable by imprisonment and fine, as well as by the confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Conspiration
The Committee also notes with appreciation the detailed written replies submitted by the State party to its list of issues (E/C.12/Q/ICE/2).
(l) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic in small arms and collecting them (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and the measures to strengthen international cooperation to counter the world drug problem, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 12.
During both sessions, additional information was requested on UNCITRAL seminars.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author claims that his son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, because on the day of his arrest and on other occasions prior to his trial he suffered serious ill-treatment and the inhuman conditions in which he was detained.
3.1 The author claims that the persistence of Czech authorities, including the Czech Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that Act No. 143/1947 is a special discriminatory law and that it is as null and void, constitutes a persistent arbitrary, discriminatory and unconstitutional violation of the author's right to full enjoyment of his heritage and property, including his right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author further claims that there has been a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, as a violation of article 14, paragraphs 1 and 3, which has the effect of depriving an accused of due process, also constitutes a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 With regard to the issue of exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the State party's arguments that, as a first step, the author's dispute was not within the jurisdiction of the courts, and at the second time, that under the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, an appeal could now be filed with the courts.
The State party argues that the author's allegations are contradictory.
The Committee's reasoning in that decision stemmed from an interpretation of the Covenant that article 6, paragraph 1, was read in conjunction with article 6, paragraph 2, which did not prohibit the imposition of capital punishment for the most serious crimes.
On the same day, the author's counsel also submitted an application for judicial review, which was rejected by the President of the Criminal Chamber of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Consequently, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies, and this part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author claims that his rights were violated as he was arrested and charged without any evidence of his involvement in a criminal activity and that he was brutalized by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his statement of appeal, the author requested a review of the evaluation of the evidence he considered to be flawed.
With regard to the applicability of the statute of limitations, in relation to both his application to the Constitutional Court and the criminal proceedings, the author states that in both cases it was impossible under the anti-constitutional military regime in place at the time to prosecute the torturers of political dissenters within the prescribed time limits.
Since the State party has not registered a false complaint, and has not provided any other relevant information on how executions of capital punishment are taking place, due weight must be given to the author's allegation.
4.16 Secondly, the State party argues that the author did not show how the Government's action constituted interference with his family life.
6.2 As to the length of the period before the trial, the Committee points out that the dates for determining, in the case under review, the length of the delay occurred are the dates of the author's arrest and trial and not the dates given by the author, namely the date of the alleged crime, the date of the murder, and the date of the commencement of the trial.
It is not required to use only the documents before the original hearing of the case and may take into account the evidence that was not known when the original decision was rendered.
The Committee also considers that the State party has incorrectly asserted that he would not have been entitled to a pension under article 13 of the Veterans' Benefits Act, and argues that none of the two bodies charged with examining his claim has raised doubts about his ability to meet the criteria set out in the various paragraphs of article 13.
5.2 As to the Committee's temporal jurisdiction, the author considers that he and his family are victims of a continuing violation of article 7, as they are still unaware of the whereabouts of the person concerned.
Witnesses:
He argues that the Peruvian judges could have ruled that the text was unconstitutional if they had been given a complaint alleging that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, this period does not commence from the notice of the judgment, but from the last notice.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance for the voluntary return of detainees to those regions.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed consideration of the application indefinitely.
The authors invoke the decision of HEOC to the extent that it includes an assessment of the facts of the case, which reinforces their argument that the Commissioner has taken a wrong decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to cancel the decisions of the Qualification Commissions and to return them to the police.
The authors brought to justice in the cases of Tamnes, Aurunden 1997 and Korsjell, and the authors' requests for expropriation in the last two cases are pending, but they did not apply for expropriation in the first of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner were transferred by the District Court of Western Fjords, which, with reference to the Supreme Court's judgement in the Valdimar case, found article 7, paragraph 2, of the Fisheries Act to be contrary to articles 65 (right to equality) and 75 (liberty of employment) of the Constitution.
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, noted that such prohibitions “are entirely compatible with the right to freedom of expression under article 19, the exercise of which entails special responsibilities and duties”.
He immediately informed the judge that he intended to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that, mutatis mutandis, the same principle must apply in the present case.
3.3 The author claims to have exhausted domestic remedies and states that the case was not submitted to another international procedure of investigation or settlement.
In addition, the Council of State stresses that a dual remedy may be applied to the Permanent and Judicial College of First Instance, and then to the Council of State on Appeal, and that these bodies may order investigative measures.
For example, by order of the Minister of the Interior of 16 March 2001, the author's 13 months of military service were recognized in the author's case of seniority during his promotion at the sixth step of the main prefecture attachés.
In addition, the amount that the State was sentenced to pay for procedural costs was paid.
Canada, chapter XII, annual report A/48/40/ Vol. II.
6 See Case Caballero Delgado and Santana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (Annual report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/Ser.L/V III.33 Doc.4); id.
The State party refers to similar observations made by the State party in Pauger v. Austria (communication No. 4150), Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
France), decision of 3 April 1989.
Meetings
While some staff members have been actively opposed to new appointments, the Government's willingness is gradually needed.
Security is therefore crucial, both in terms of the safety of electoral personnel and the ability to participate freely in the elections.
However, the Judicial Reform Commission has made progress in the areas of infrastructure rehabilitation and training.
The situation of women continues to be poor.
Recalls Economic and Social Council decision 2001/36 of 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, indigenous peoples' organizations, the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues and all existing mechanisms, procedures and programmes within the United Nations system, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, to submit to the Council as soon as possible, and in any event in 2003, the relevant background information for the session,
The proposed analysis makes it possible to determine who can legitimately take place at the negotiating table and what items are to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of an interregional workshop to support the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in Small Island Developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
To that end, two basic conditions must be met, namely, the existence of a vacant post to which no Azerbaijani citizen has the necessary professional training or skills, and the inability of the employment services to find a candidate from local job seekers who meets the requirements of the employer.
Rest and lunch breaks are not counted as working hours.
In 1997, amendments and additions were made to the Social Welfare of Disabled Persons Act 1992, which became the Prevention of Disability and Rehabilitation and Social Welfare of Disabled Persons Act.
The same article also provides that children who cannot be integrated into formal pre-school institutions because of their physical or mental disabilities are accommodated in specialized pre-school institutions.
The results of the eight finalists were communicated to WIPO to involve them in the international competition of licensed students and in 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) National budget;
(d) Agriculture;
That is to say, the challenge of good governance lies at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play an essential role in the proliferation of weapons.
This could lead to a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
The brochure contains guidelines and information on the various options available once the compulsory school has been completed.
The implementation of a feminist study programme at the University of Iceland is one of the priorities of the Centre for the coming years.
The committee published a programme for equal rights policy for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall determine the salaries and allowances of the officials of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, in accordance with the standards of the United Nations common system.
b “In Ghana, Hope Arrives via Satellite”, International Herald Tribune, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with IMF
(c) To continue to include in the agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes among States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee reiterates its recommendation that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that adopted children cannot know the identity of their natural parents, even by their majority and even if they are found to be in their best interests.
(a) The enactment of new legislation and the adoption of several national strategies and programmes, including: decision No. 347/2002 on programmes of national interest in child protection, street children and children in institutions; Law No. 678/2001 on trafficking in persons; Law No. 197/2000 on domestic violence and on children; National health programme for HIV/AIDS;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, the ILO Minimum Age Convention (No. 138) and the ILO Convention (No. 182) concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour, which the State party has ratified:
(a) Undertake public information campaigns at all levels and in all regions, with a view to eliminating negative attitudes towards Roma throughout society, in particular among authorities such as the police and professionals providing health, education and social services;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their reports on a regular and timely basis.
(b) Develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as monitoring and data collection on racist acts;
(d) Ensure that the Family Council has sufficient resources to carry out its mandate.
At the national level, there is growing recognition of the need to consider development goals and policies from a human rights perspective” (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical measures, to ensure progressively, by all means, and in particular through the adoption of legislative measures, the full realization of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms the constitutional right of private sector workers and public enterprises to form, without prior authorization, the organizations they deem appropriate.
This period is considered to be working for the purpose of paying the wage, regardless of the agreed pay system.
Information on the current standard of living of the population
Households are considered to be indigorous and, even if they spend their full income on meeting their food needs, cannot adequately satisfy them.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of housing units built reached 1,076 843, an annual average of 107 684.
As a percentage of the population and housing stock, these figures accounted for less than 4 per cent of the country's population and only 3 per cent of the housing stock.
State housing programmes
With regard to health sector-specific activities, some researchers estimate that more than half of the decline in child mortality is associated with the expansion and coverage of health services.
However, there are still very binding judicial provisions and procedures for the media and journalists.
FIM: Mining Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Act No. 19070 of 1996.
However, it is important that the facts relating to violent crimes against women be made public in a dignified manner and in accordance with the privacy of the victim.
The conclusions of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be a matter of urgency.
Japan hopes that all States will do their utmost to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and build on the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete steps at the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms and light weapons during the period between us and the Second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If none of the three options obtained the majority vote, the least votes would be eliminated and a new referendum would be held so that voters could make a choice between the remaining two options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, determines which is entitled to vote.
• Women with higher educational levels want fewer children.
Kunst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure for the International Meeting to Review the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
xi.
In their final communiqué, the participants at the Tenth Islamic Summit Conference, held last month in Malaysia, called upon the Security Council to endorse the road map for the achievement of peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for its timely implementation.
It is important to state here the three main pillars of this goal, as they show our resolve to keep this issue on a long-term basis.
However, according to the Israeli representative's statements, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption on the Palestinian side.
Armenia continues to implement, for nearly 10 years now, its policy of blockading the Autonomous Republic of Nakhchivan, thereby inflicting enormous suffering on the civilian population of that part of the country.
It is also imperative that the Government and civil society work hand in hand to encourage the growth and development of our children.
Last year, United Nations Member States adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have free access to health care and education, which is compulsory.
At the same time, it has managed to reduce expenditures through energy-saving measures.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention for the Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003;
“The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission to Guinea-Bissau, to be led by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, which will constitute the first part of a comprehensive mission to West Africa, and looks forward to its conclusions and recommendations.
The United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) (Insolvency Law)* Twenty-eighth Session, 24-28 February 2003 - Legislative Guide on Insolvency Law Note (Part I and II of Part I of the Guide) is intended to refer to insolvency law as part of the Guide to Practice (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2); Part two of the Guide is issued in documents A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.3.
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
However, the informal translation of article 3 of the Act, which describes national measures for the implementation of international sanctions, can be provided.
Annex
Therefore, no person with such a measure shall be granted entry visas to the consulates of Lebanon or public safety.
Afghanistan, the Czech Republic, Albania, Andorra, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Colombia, Ecuador, El Salvador, Estonia, Fiji, Georgia, Guatemala, Honduras, Iceland, the Marshall Islands, India, Kazakhstan, Madagascar, Lithuania, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and the United Republic of Tanzania subsequently joined the sponsors.
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To examine the question of the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider reviewing and, where appropriate, reviewing their immigration policies with a view to eliminating all unfair practices against migrants and their families, and to provide specialized training to officials responsible for policy development, law enforcement, immigration and other services, including with the assistance of non-governmental organizations and civil society, stressing the importance of creating an effective environment for engaging in such efforts to promote the promotion and protection of the rights of migrants, as well as to promote the promotion of non-being and protection of society;
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible, interdependent and interrelated and that full enjoyment of those rights and freedoms is indispensable for persons with disabilities without discrimination,
Thus, not only the occupying Power has decided to physically occupy the areas that were under full Palestinian control under the agreements, but it seems that it has now decided to take control of civil affairs in those areas.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 by which the Governing Council of UN-Habitat approved the establishment of the Special Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian People and the Technical Cooperation Trust Fund with a budget of $5 million for an initial period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a comprehensive system of preferences, which was agreed at the second session of the Conference in 1968, will successfully reflect an innovative approach to the issue of developing countries' market access.
International disciplines and commitments — essential for the establishment of a rule-based international economic regime — are beginning to spread to areas that, in the past, fall within the sole purview of national Governments.
Special and differential treatment can be useful in addressing economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing and developed countries.
What is the role of government?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
There will be a meeting of the Joint Coordinating Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The Convention was adopted at the plenary meeting of the General Assembly on 31 October 2003 at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken special measures, although not limited to kidnapping cases, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims appearing before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane as Deputy Special Representative in Asmara.
After completing its work, which lasted 50 minutes, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at http://www.itu.int/wsis/documents.
At present, we still do not have the answers we need to address critical questions about Iraq's past production of chemical and biological weapons, about its remaining capabilities and about its current programmes.
Population density and distribution have influenced emissions from transport and housing.
Some provide for a net increase in emissions from this sector despite the measures implemented, adopted and envisaged.
(c) Asile and refuge several delegations stressed the need to link the obligation not to grant asylum or refuge to persons suspected of having participated in enforced disappearance, with the need not to return such persons to a State where they might be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious human rights violations.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures, however, might be necessary, since in their deliberations specialized intergovernmental bodies generally focus on substantive issues and do not consider the role of the Secretariat, i.e. the activities of the programme of work.
(f) Improved format and timing of evaluation reports;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
That date is therefore particularly opportune to speak to non-permanent members of the Security Council, who together with permanent members uphold the principles of the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
Therefore, a discussion will now begin to revise the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on strengthening legal and administrative measures and on mobilizing international cooperation and coordination to that end, my delegation, without wishing to distract attention from that effort, would like to emphasize other aspects that could be considered, and which are also mentioned in the report, particularly in the case of South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to know and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and associated individuals and entities could unify disparate ethnic and national groups by using their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on follow-up to the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations3 and the funds and programmes of the United Nations for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations;2
31.35 The main task of the High-level Committee on Management is to guide the work of the United Nations system on administrative and management issues of relevance to the system, and to promote inter-agency cooperation and coordination on these issues on behalf of CEB.
My question is: What can be expected with regard to new contributions? Because, as previous speakers have said, this process will be long, and will require significant funding, including particular coordination and cooperation with the lead country.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braun, who made presentations that have given rise to so many relevant questions on Afghanistan, although some of those questions have been answered more or less.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report monthly to managers on discrepancies and intends to explore options to improve the updating of regional inventories.
(b) There is a need for sufficient staffing at Headquarters and in missions to cope with the volume of air operations, given the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces (UNPF)d
United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNOMSIL)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to promote the use of identification systems, including the application of the Object-ID standard, and to encourage the establishment of links between such systems and existing databases, including those of the International Criminal Police Organization — Interpol, to enable the electronic transmission of information with a view to reducing trafficking in cultural property, and encourages the United Nations, where appropriate;
The political process must therefore be broad, and open enough to allow all Afghans who wish to participate in good faith in political life to do so and not be left out, which would increasingly encourage them to join the ranks of those who are actively undermining the peace process.
I would now like to offer a more precise description of the situation by providing the Council with the latest information on specific developments in Afghanistan since last December's briefing.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep conviction that security is one and indivisible.
That could be achieved if it was accepted to free old reflex and abandon nuclear doctrine.
Given the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution will enjoy the broadest possible support from States parties and States not parties to the Convention.
In accordance with that view, at a ministerial meeting of the Quartet, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, presented the initiative to adopt a special Security Council resolution that supports the road map.
The President: Does any other delegation wish to take the floor at this stage?
Furthermore, no consensus has yet been reached on issues such as the elimination of unilateral measures (e.g. export bans imposed by producer countries and boycotts in consumer countries), as they are incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, a number of large timber companies are applying environmental management systems designed to ensure that wood is used from environmentally safe sources and to society.
It is involved in concession management, development of forest plantations and downstream processing of forest products.
(i) Urge countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve systems for the timely collection and dissemination of information on the production, consumption, trade and prices of wood and non-wood forest products in order to promote market transparency.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former right, composed primarily of treaties imposed, should be repealed in their entirety and replaced by more just and equitable legislation, more protective of the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years of age, men are more likely than women to work because custom requires girls to stay at home later than boys begin work early.
The rights and obligations of marriage are the same for concubin; witnesses can show that a couple has lived under the same roof for at least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501)]
In its resolution 42/11, the Assembly requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to use the expertise and experience gained in the implementation of its global technical assistance programmes, as well as information gathered in various relevant questionnaires.
Item 8: Other trade and development issues:
UNCTAD collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa in the preparations for the Cancún Conference by participating in the High-level African Trade Negotiators Preparatory Meeting for the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference and the African Union Trade Ministers Meeting in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Cancún Conference.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries in participating in the Doha work programme in the field of trade and environment continue in close cooperation and coordination with the secretariats of WTO, UNEP and the United Nations regional commissions, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as with civil society.
He also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the Kennedy School of Government of the Harvard University in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on 23 and 24 September 2002, where he presented the work of the Commission on ICT development indices.
We also recognize that globalization, and indeed the increase in international trade, provides hope for growth for our peoples.
Last year, in addressing the General Assembly, I referred to the start of the Sri Lanka peace process and promised to report on progress.
In addition, women participate in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women, which is part of a coordinated and integrated system of development activities that include mother-to-child care, thus consolidating equality between men and women in a society that believes in family unity, high gender equality and respect family rights.
Developing countries are facing development challenges today, which can only be addressed through concerted international efforts and support to ensure the necessary political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
Let me address two specific criminal justice issues:
The United Nations must therefore continue to contribute to the process of restoring peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has endeavoured to apply the principles it proclaims to the greatest degree of consistency.
Significant changes in the global balance of global forces and goals have occurred since the United Nations was established 58 years ago.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe in Thessaloniki, the European Union will continue to support the Secretary-General's efforts to achieve a comprehensive, just, viable and practical solution to the Cyprus problem, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each Committee shall elect its Chairperson from among its members.
Persons arrested or detained must be informed of the reasons for their arrest or detention and of their right to legal assistance.
Its most recent publication was the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21st meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered section 28, Public information, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and other relevant human rights instruments,
Also deplores that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that officials, current personnel or former officials or personnel of a contributing State who are not a party to the Rome Statute shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of that State for any allegation of acts or omissions arising from or related to the multinational force or the United Nations stabilization force in Liberia;
Also requests the working group to study the information presented and to share its comments and recommendations with transnational corporations, other business enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other sources of information;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, sponsored by Mr. Chen Shiqiu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Mbonu, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Dominicans for Justice and Peace
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could join a certain level to ensure an exchange of information on user needs and to achieve a broader objective of integrating GNSS and its supplements into the basic infrastructure of developing countries.
Governments do not measure the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and disease control.
Expected outcome
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is developing a synthesis document, to which the members of the Partnership contribute, to assessing the relationship between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, subparagraph (f), states: “any person arrested or detained shall be formally charged and brought before the competent court within 48 hours” and “no pretrial detention shall be held”.
(f) Support to the Peace and Security Council for humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Protocol on the Establishment of the African Union Peace and Security Council;
The Special Rapporteur believes this is an area that could benefit greatly from education and awareness-raising programmes.
Sources indicated that in a few areas, the principle of accountability was relatively well applied, but that this was primarily due to the dignitaries concerned.
Decides to include the following items in the agenda of the third session of the Committee for the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intended to review that initiative, as well as the question of debt sustainability, at its autumn meeting.
This meeting will provide policymakers with an opportunity to address development cooperation issues.
Mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Office of Legal Affairs made several statements in explanation of the Council's rules of procedure.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
Thus, we are in a phase of launching our political tools, particularly those related to flexibility criteria.
Staff in recruitment will require training beyond the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report provides us with an overview of the work of the Council over the past year in its area of responsibility, namely, the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) To help optimize the relevance of the results of the work of the General Assembly and the Council and to ensure that arrangements are in place to monitor their effective implementation, including by linking the outcomes of the high-level segment of the Council with the deliberations of the General Assembly;
10.16 Expected accomplishments would include: (a) the enrichment of the knowledge base, know-how and management tools of government and relevant institutions, with a view to better equipping them to implement environmental policy; and (b) the development of innovative technical cooperation agreements for the installation and use of appropriate and environmentally sound technologies; and (c) the development by Governments of institutional arrangements to better respond to global environmental emergencies.
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary prevention of drug use among young people; diversification of treatment and rehabilitation services for drug abusers; policy and strategy development; training and capacity-building; and identification and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 Conservation and sustainable management of Central African forest ecosystems
Strategy
(d) Promoting the use of information and communication technologies and space technologies, including by facilitating local adaptation or the transfer of best practices.
Indicators of achievement would include: (a) the number of members and associate members who have received assistance from ESCAP and new initiatives to improve their ICT policies, as well as the institutional framework; (b) the number of national ICT training centres being upgraded and the number of technical cooperation activities among developing countries implemented with the assistance of ESCAP; and (c) the establishment of a regional cooperation mechanism on space applications.
Strategy
The achievement of the targets will be determined by more rapid assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; more timely and coordinated response to disaster-affected countries; higher participation in training courses in disaster management; closer cooperation on the ground and at the regional level; and greater donor response to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation to reduce the impact of the El Niño phenomenon
Programme 26 Least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and victory (Soul, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Olamendi (Mexico) said that, in three years of power, the Government of Mr. Vicente Fox had laid the foundation for a full exercise of human rights.
In that regard, his delegation endorsed the recommendation of the Acting High Commissioner that efforts should be made to create a culture of tolerance and respect for others and not violence.
New laws were needed, but the most important challenge was not the adoption of laws, but their practical implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their reduced mobility can prevent them from leaving even when water is contaminated, the land is mined and the sources of supply are cut off.
Such services should be developed and social contracts formulated politically viable.
The statement also aims at strengthening cooperation for better enforcement of the laws, the provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and the special recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (FATF).
Ms. Knowles (Australia) said that about a year ago, 88 Australians had died and 202 had been injured as a result of the Bali terrorist attack.
However, in exceptional cases where organizations can be established, the relevant decisions must be binding, and the establishment of the new institution derives from the functions of the organization that established it.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (on Second Committee matters)
BRF worked on specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in the Fiji financial system.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its response capacity over the year.
The statement is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve or restore the encumbered assets, such as equipment repairers, have a security right in the encumbered assets, which generally prevails security rights in the same secured assets of other receivables.
Non-lethal equipment
The terms of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP, and the corresponding project design document relating to the Interim Authority, should be expanded as necessary (capacity and resources);
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work being done by the United Nations and the specialized agencies in support of the economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsor of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
Among men, the decline is even higher, as the proportion rose from 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, within the manufacturing sector itself, there was a new distribution of production, which desallows the production of footwear and clothing for electronics, engineering and production related to health.
Family therapy is offered to families in which the problem is related to drug abuse or play.
An important initiative has been the elimination of illegal ship discounts in Armi, with the operation being carried out jointly with the Land Department.
The land shall be returned to the owners or their heirs as if acquired by the State had never taken place, provided that the owners attach the land to the cadastral within three months of restitution.
In fact, the situation was considered unjust vis-à-vis Maltese donors and the 1995 amendments to the Housing Rent Ordinance 1944, the Housing Price Ordinance, 1959 and the Housing Price Ordinance, 1931 regulating the renewal of rental of urban property, render the lease agreement entered into on 1 June 1995 or after that date not applicable.
The programme includes a number of integrated programmes, including: pre-construction services (e.g., frequent fuse counselling services, prenatal counselling, difficult childbirth services, special care for infants, periodic examinations for infants, free vaccinations, school medicine, child abuse centre and child development assessment service.
Municipal councils are reforming and moving district clinics, while NGOs are primarily concerned with the provision of special services to disadvantaged groups in the community, such as disabled persons and drug users.
The Catholic Church provides its own schools and facilities, but is also responsible for maintaining and financing its facilities.
Candidates for university studies must have successfully undergone the examination of the baccalaureate, which merely provides university access and must also meet the special conditions for admission to certain studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD encompasses virtually all aspects of society's socio-economic and political structures, including development planning, sound economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, security, agriculture, health or education, among other fundamental elements of any indicator of progress.
However, the problem we are facing in this regard is that the General Assembly's mandate to address the issue of Security Council reform — that is, the Open-ended Working Group on Council reform — has not been able to make significant progress since it was established under General Assembly resolution 48/26 in 1993.
1.6 The CTC would appreciate receiving information on the conclusions reached by the Commission established by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Waqfs referred to on pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report in order to bring the criminal law in line with international terrorist offences.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and potential use of United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability” carried out by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Disability of the University of Galway, Ireland, at the request of OHCHR, analyses the provisions of the six human rights instruments from the perspective of disability and reviews the functioning of the United Nations system.
Measures relating to States 9 - 22 6
In this regard, OHCHR supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the proposed supplement thereto.
With respect to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or their modification, a simple interpretative declaration, unlike a ordinary reservation, may be formulated at any time.
The question was also raised whether it should be confined to unilateral acts in the strict or broad sense to certain types of conduct of States that could produce legal effects.
But the 26 million Iraqis deserve it.
It is urgent that he heed the message of the inspectors mandated by the Security Council and provide the answers to them.
Inspections cannot continue indefinitely without prompt, active and effective cooperation in Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question
I think that President Bush's announcement last Friday that the Quartet will present the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible Prime Minister with sufficient authority is confirmed, is an important step on which we must build.
Accordingly, the Secretary-General's proposals to reduce the additional requirements are limited to those indicated above and can be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the Commission's guidelines, the Special Rapporteur has consistently paid particular attention to the issue of gender-based distinctions.
Applications for approval are registered in a registry (CAA).
The process of ratification of the Convention is being completed.
In expected accomplishment (a), replace “social problems” with “social development issues”.
Malawi would like all States to ensure the defence and promotion of the Court's functions and credibility and to strengthen its jurisdiction and independence. That requires vigilance and clear commitment from all States; it also requires careful selection of the Court's officials, especially judges whose personal integrity and independence must be above any suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/59/137 (Part II) — The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands notes that the courts of the Netherlands do not consider that most economic and social rights are directly applicable in the domestic legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
It was developed jointly by the United Nations and national organizations dealing with issues of relevance to sustainable ocean development and progress, under the primary responsibility of FAO and under the leadership of a steering committee and a technical committee, which coordinated the work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
To meet the assessment needs of the Convention, the Global Assessment should include an assessment of biodiversity in ecosystems, species and genotypes.
Special Unit for Global Policy Review (policy report)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: Environment and Sustainable Development)
She thanked the Managing Director for the information provided on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in the management of the Organization's human resources.
Expert meeting on the definition of environmental goods and services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, however, the poor performance of private companies and social discontent are cause for concern.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of the draft resolution (A/C.3/58.L.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
But policy reforms and capacity-building in developing countries should also be introduced.
OHCHR also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations Country Team, as well as with ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The Technology Transfer and Foreign Investment Act 1992 had liberalized FDI inflows and ensured the repatriation of profits and capital.
We note that, on such issues as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and military actions against Palestinian civilians, Prime Minister Sharon's Government is acting to support the peace process.
The Palestinians want to put an end to the occupation, with the certainty that they will have a truly viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, as set out in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without distinction of any kind, including gender,
Most of the grants were used to provide intensive training to teachers, administrators and evaluators at the provincial level.
The group referred to the various forms of education under article 6 and noted that there are several formal and non-formal activities for children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Awareness (Chairperson: Ms. Višnja Gugasović, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauer, Switzerland)
For example, article 139 of the Criminal Code states that: “the conspiracy to commit any of the offences referred to in this section carries the same penalties as those imposed on the effective commission of the act”.
Under article 148 as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001, persons who knowingly manufactures, holds or transports any type of explosive or inflammable material or any toxic, incendiary, infectious, infectious, bacteria, chemical, radiological or similar substances, as well as any component of such materials, may be liable to commit terrorist acts or allow others to use them for that purpose.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening the role of the United Nations in enhancing the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and the promotion of democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
The “E3” Panel found that Van Oord was entitled to compensation for some of its tangible property losses but recommended that no compensation be awarded for its other claims.
It is further noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its capacity to support the Counter-Terrorism Committee where appropriate, the Department for Disarmament Affairs should draw public attention to the risk of the use of weapons of mass destruction in the context of terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership, and notes that much more remains to be done to achieve its objectives and priorities;
(h) Television services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
These included agreements and institutions to improve the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment and Coastal Environment of the South-East Pacific and its Plan of Action; the Convention for the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment of the Wider Caribbean Region and its Protocol on Specially Protected Areas and Wildlife; the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Baltic Sea Region;
Another suggestion was that the main agencies involved in the consideration of topics entrusted to groups should prepare joint reports to be submitted to the groups at the beginning of the meetings, as the follow-up to those meetings was devoted to the scope and nature of inter-agency coordination in the areas of treaties, in order to complement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea, which was to be prepared for distribution before the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In operative paragraph 19, in line 2, the word “education” should be replaced by the word “information”, and in line 5, the words “shall decide to provide all available assistance” should be replaced by the words “Welcomes the invitation to the Chairman of the Special Committee to attend the Constitutional Convention to be held in Tokelau in September 2003”.
On the occasion of a presentation on the effects of structural adjustment on human development, delivered at a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki identified three main features of structural adjustment and stabilization programmes: they are limited in nature; they are proud of capitalism and weaken State power.
Any attempt to link the ban on any future production and the issue of existing stockpiles would unnecessarily prolong negotiations and undermine nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament.
(a) In the election of the additional members, the General Assembly will respect the following distribution of seats:
According to the World Bank, housing costs increased by 12 per cent in the first 15 months of the second intifada.42, 43
PECDAR is an implementing agency that reports directly to the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority were given, camp refugees replaced and modified their homes and added others.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea on the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union was equally firmly committed to promoting gender equality and women's empowerment, and believed that the perspective of gender equality should be integrated into development strategies and policies at all levels, including United Nations action.
There are currently two women district chiefs out of a total of 141.
As for the World Health Organization, it employed four women and six men.
Despite the compulsory nature of primary school as enshrined in the 1991 Constitution, problems are acute at this level of education.
The success rate was 71 per cent and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the higher technical education sector, attendance by main discipline was as follows in 1997-98:
Women dominate the trade sector, where the ratio of women to men is 2-1, textiles and clothing, and the food industry other than rice fingers.
According to the study, only 37 per cent of women had already used a condom.
(ADB, 1996; Schenk-Sendbergen, etc. 1995).
The village head is assisted by a deputy, but of a total of 12,491 deputies, only 101 are women.
Our work on small arms has many aspects, but the human aspect must remain our guide.
We also wish to ensure the success of the 2004 Review Conference to be held in Nairobi, Kenya, which will contribute to achieving that goal.
At the same time, it is important to control weapons and impose restrictions in order to strike an adequate balance between legitimate security needs and the unnecessary loss of innocent lives, which is the result of irresponsible policies regarding the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
She would also like to know whether there were any figures showing the number of men and women working in the private and public sectors.
Ms. González asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Reproductive and Sexual Rights referred to in paragraph 420 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Service on Reproductive and Sexual Rights referred to in paragraph 421 were separate or silent institutions and whether they dealt with rights in themselves or only health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to consider, in the context of the negotiation process, the contributions of the United Nations system and relevant international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties will hold regular meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure adopted by the Conference of the Parties.
He hoped, however, that each organization represented at the meeting would, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources, as appropriate, establish a mechanism for the exchange of information.
Other matters
“Welcomes the decision of the Government of Benin to host a regional preparatory conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of adopting effective measures, including, where appropriate, new financial mechanisms, in support of the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, poverty alleviation and strengthening their democratic systems, while reaffirming that each country has the primary responsibility for its own economic and social development and that national policies play a leading role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Belize, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Ecuador, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Portugal, Portugal, Spain, Portugal, Portugal, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Sweden, Portugal, the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United States of the United States of Great Britain and the United States of America.
The report of the Secretary-General on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, tables 1 to 4).
A woman was appointed to the temporary position of Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (effective 1 January 2003) and another woman was recently appointed Humanitarian Envoy of the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with effect from 10 January 2003).
Severe acute respiratory syndrome has shown that regional and international cooperation is essential to address the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives aimed at enhancing the effectiveness and visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the riots that took place in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country seemed to have gradually returned to normal.
There is a need to ensure, through training courses and sufficient support, that the standards being developed give rise to best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need for such a measure;
[(c) [In order to avoid any doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall, inter alia, have jurisdiction to decide on all matters arising from or relating to provisions [of subparagraph (b)] above];]
Mr. Nesser (Sweden) associated himself with the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/264);
Expressing grave concern about the continuation of Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, relevant United Nations resolutions and agreements between the parties, including the ongoing construction and expansion of the settlements in Djabal Abu Ghounaym and Ras al-Amud in and around occupied East Jerusalem,
International cooperation in environmental protection should focus on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening of relevant institutions for sustainable development at the national, regional and local levels, as this would help developing countries better address climate change issues.
Achieving environmental sustainability requires universal support for global environmental conventions.
Encourages Member States in the region to continue their efforts by adopting the necessary laws or regulations to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
Furthermore, in order to implement a system such as ODS, due regard must be given to the organization of the Secretariat, as set out in Secretary-General's bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5 of 12 September 1997, which states (section 1) that “the Secretariat, which is one of the principal organs of the United Nations, has its headquarters in New York.
Level 5 is granted to representatives and allows access to documents that are reserved for participants, such as conference room papers (CRP), in addition to documents accessible at level 4.
In examining the websites of organizations or agencies whose official documents are posted on ODS, it was found that some of them did not state that the documents in question could be accessed through the system.
The initial system has responded to needs for almost 10 years, which is much in view of the speed of technological innovation.
These identifiers are sometimes manually required, and the task is painstaking and time-consuming (from three to six months) and represents more work when staff resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, on 5, 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some are even suspected of helping others to acquire weapons of mass destruction, while some would seek to acquire weapons of mass destruction or fail to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge posed by terrorism as a new and real threat to the international arena, brings a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
Representatives of 117 States, as well as observers for services in the United Nations Secretariat, United Nations bodies and research institutes, specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations attended.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I welcome the work of the Security Council Ad Hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa, the Economic and Social Council Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three priority areas for ECLAC in the biennium 2004-2005, namely, gender and poverty reduction policies in the region; national policies to strengthen linkages between economic and social development and ongoing globalization; and integration of environmental perspectives into public policies in the region.
The first group to meet with the Director of the plant, to which he asked questions about the plant's materials, problems in production, and the effects of problems on production.
Expressing its appreciation to those countries that continue to host Afghan refugee populations, and at the same time calling once again upon all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations with regard to the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons and to allow access to international agencies that can offer assistance and protection to those persons,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Special agreements on annual or longer-term contributions to the budget by the Government of the country in which the Centre is based (hereinafter referred to as the host Government), by any other member of UNIDO or by any intergovernmental organization having relations with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between the Governments or organizations concerned and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They pointed out that the Evaluation Office might disperse its efforts and might lose its effectiveness.
Type: Satellite
The following year, Nauru was placed even lower, and Group members placed it on the list of “countermeasures”, not because of the inadequacy of our laws, but because the rules of the game had changed and we did not have the capacity to supervise the offshore banks registered in Nauru.
In addition to combating weapons of mass destruction, it is absolutely urgent to address the problem of small arms and light weapons, which play a role in conflict and insecurity in many of our countries.
Unfortunately, it would seem that, for a very small number of Member States, the issue is not a problem of formulation or terminology, but it involves other factors that, very frankly, we are hard to fully understand.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account the differences between States in the scope of criminal legislation, which includes, inter alia, prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornography.
Corrigendum
Some girls' schools are also set up and are used as a lunch to encourage their students not to leave school.
There are no data on the level of illiteracy among rural women.
To be held in private on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Notes the importance of the ongoing bilateral Middle East peace negotiations and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security in promoting mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiate a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks to human beings posed by irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of the mandate contained in resolution 57/61, to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO welcomes the idea of working with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national plans of action and to shape the implementation programme.
To date, given the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the most recent meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes have been reached, and many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on how to implement all previous commitments and define new commitments for the full achievement of the objectives of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
His delegation welcomed the outcome of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development, which had significantly clarified the Commission's future working methods and programmes.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that have participated in these difficult consultations in the past few months, whose will and dedication have allowed the adoption of the resolution today.
The overall management of judicial reform and review remains the responsibility of the National Transitional Government of Liberia, with assistance provided by international expert organizations under the leadership of the United Nations through the knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[[In the case of afforestation or reforestation project activities under the CDM for which CERs are issued,] a designated operational entity shall periodically verify and certify that appropriate insurance is in progress during the reporting period;]
Amphetamine continues to be manufactured mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should be given priority to ensuring that all their services work together and pool their resources and knowledge to combat drug trafficking.
This management and use approach is also essential for the quality of extensive grazing lands and soil conservation.
Annex II
The State of Victoria (Australia) assists the Fiji Police in the use of radar guns and provides us with educational materials on road safety.
If those who resort to traffickers deliberately do so, they are exposed to ill-treatment during their time, including extortion by corrupt immigration officials or other law enforcement officials.
It is hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in peace and security will renew the concept of cooperation of all countries for peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of General Assembly resolution 377 (V) of 1950.
The crew of the “Shenzou”, a name that is to say “separate vessels” in Chinese, stole in outer space and is a healthy income except on the Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the recent killing, violence and other human rights violations and atrocities in Bunia, as well as attacks against the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and internally displaced persons who have fled to the Mission's premises, and reaffirms that such acts will not go unpunished and that their perpetrators will be held accountable.
Appendix A
Under the operative paragraphs of the second draft resolution, entitled “Model legislative provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on privately financed infrastructure projects”, the General Assembly would be grateful if the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law had completed the preparation and adoption of the model legislative provisions, would request the Secretary-General to issue them and recommend that all States should give due consideration to the model legislative provisions and the Legislative Guide.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/515)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, Rwanda, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court handed down a six-year and six-month prison sentence for the head of tax fraud and a violation of the obligation to hold accounts.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Subject matter of reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, Chair of the SBI, and Mr. Halledor Thorgeirsson, Chair of the SBSTA, presented the objectives of each workshop and indicated the expected results.
The workshop, which was intended for officials from Asian countries responsible for reporting under article 18 of the Convention, focused on States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
As the economic situation had subsequently improved, the Government had adopted a two-pronged approach to gender equality, both to integrate a gender perspective into its strategies and to develop gender-sensitive policies and programmes, enabling it to address gender discrimination more systematically.
The Committee also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns on the Convention be conducted for parliamentarians, including judicial authorities and legal professionals.
In the light of all those elements, I would like once again to request the Council to examine carefully the international measures that will ensure the necessary security for the progress of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I wish to reiterate that the Government of Kenya is committed to the full implementation of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other relevant international instruments.
The Secretary-General estimates that the Institute's expenditures for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including salaries for the nine existing posts (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service), would amount to $970,300.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has proven to be effective in terms of time, effort and resources.
(b) Such guidelines will be included in the programme presentations instructions for 2004 and will include, as recommended in the audit on staff training, direct costs for the design, development and implementation of training activities funded from the administrative budget, and training projects managed by the Staff Development Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution as a whole (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document consists of three parts.
Compilation and synthesis of views on actions taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priorities needs and actions taken by Annex II Parties to implement decisions 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE can, within its verification mandate, ensure that the parties fulfil their security responsibilities vis-à-vis the employees of the Boundary Commission's outsourced companies working in the field and intervene in extreme situations to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs set out in this document are purely indicative.
However, only eight countries, against the 19 target, reached their completion points by mid-2003.
On 22 October 2003, between midnight and 0015 hours, an enemy Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea off Beirut, 20 kilometres from the coast, heading towards Juniyah and up to the west of Shakka, 11 kilometres from the coast.
On the same day, at 2149 hours, an Israeli military boat fired a flare shell in the waters.
The Secretariat should strictly observe the six-week rule for the publication of documents, as well as all relevant resolutions and regulations of the General Assembly, in particular the texts stipulating that the Organization should refrain from publishing documents on paper or on its website until they are available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation had never been more favourable to women than in 2003.
In the near future, Scotland will explore the possibility of extending the scope of these prohibitions.
The annual budget for day-care services for 2003-2004 will be more than three times that for 2000-2001 and these supplementary funds are mostly earmarked for the most disadvantaged areas.
As part of the 2002-2003 priorities, the target of 72 per cent participation by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was set.
Goals had been set for reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies among teenage mothers, and measures were being taken to improve communication, promote education and provide women with user-friendly services.
Under the health ecossa plan adopted in December 2000, Our National Health: a plan for action a plan for change, the NHS must ensure that health personnel are able to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities in a professional and cultural manner.
The Directors of all NHS organizations in Scotland have also personally committed themselves to implementing the programme by signing the Leadership Challenge of the Commission for Racial Equality.
Concerted efforts have been made to improve services in rural areas, such as schools, police, day-care facilities and services.
The Court is developing a partnership project with advisory bodies, which could involve the electronic links of the proposed business centres, courtrooms and the complainant.
A strategy is being developed, with two main objectives: to reach more women and children and to raise awareness about their safety and protection choices; and to reduce social tolerance for such crimes so that they are no longer excused, tolerated or ignored.
In this context, we believe that, as stated at the last session of the Committee, 661, an emergency plan is needed to accelerate this process of renegotiation of the financial amendments of those contracts.
We hope that all the issues highlighted by the head of the Office of the Iraq Programme, in his report to the Council on 29 September, as yet to be resolved or agreed upon, can be fully resolved in order to ensure that this transfer can be carried out in the best possible and timely manner.
It is certainly useful to anticipate the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as Mr. Philip Alston had already tried to do so as an independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the unfortunate facts and serious challenges that must be overcome and overcome if we are to achieve lasting peace and development, as stipulated in the Millennium Declaration.
Table 2
In a democracy, the majority are responsible for choosing the rules to which it wishes to adhere and, in recent years, Canadians have, by their majority, shown that they wanted less violence, both in real life and in the media.
Research shows that, with respect to crime issues, it is necessary, if not for financial reasons, to re-establish and focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided that the term of office of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November following the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted by consensus resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening of the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of the present report).
The Court's budget proposal is dictated by its primary purpose, namely, to conduct fair public trials within a reasonable time.
A second technician maintains the database of the Office of the Prosecutor and provides all necessary technical support for the daily use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, which is consistent with the functional approach used for other major programmes, aims to ensure the greatest possible efficiency through the establishment of a set of common services at the disposal of both the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions involve the establishment of three separate subgroups within the Victims Participation and Compensation Unit in 2004, namely, the Participation Sub-cluster, the Compensation subgroup and the Victims Support Fund subgroup.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and Documentation Section
Indicators of achievement
• Travel (including for security officers for the Prosecutor, the President, judges and deputies travelling to high-risk areas): €952,691
It would also serve as an adviser on internal legal issues related to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Deputy Executive Director explained that the contribution was only one aspect of the calculation: if the other two criteria - cash and thematic funding - were met, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
He also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the rule of law and would like more details on that issue.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
It was, however, not the modification of an existing reservation, but the formulation of a fully new reservation.
The Office has prepared a comprehensive document on legal and judicial reform, which provides an update on progress made over the past 10 years, in preparation for the mid-term meeting of the Donor Advisory Group, to be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also emphasize the need for more intensive use of peaceful dispute settlement measures, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
When considering peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be advised on how to offer the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society activists; the new measures have been the object of a relatively strong consensus within the Government coalition and it is hoped that the regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28-31 January and 29 and 30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are vital to the sustainability of the human species and the environment; our traditional knowledge systems must be respected, encouraged and protected; our collective intellectual property rights must be recognized and guaranteed; without the free and informed consent of TK holders, TK should not become public, and cultural and intellectual property is protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further clarification and proposals on the structure during the intersessional period.
It may be aggravated from 5 to 10 years and the fine of between 50,000 and 1,000 FCFA if it is established that the perpetrator usually engaged in this activity.
- 1 Under-Secretary-General;
The Civil Code regulating family relations proclaims in Articles 78 and 80 that the human person is subject to the right from birth until his or her death, and that he has the enjoyment and exercise of all private rights unless otherwise provided.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been established to ensure the effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of land entry, permission to enter can be obtained at the borders of immigration and border delegations.
Annex
There are no such differences between men and women in other diplomatic ranks.
The recognition of values and the potential of non-governmental organizations to provide assistance to Government institutions is reflected in the Croatian Government's cooperation programme with the non-governmental non-market sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Belize) said that the exclusion of Taiwan from the United Nations violated the principles of universality and self-determination enshrined in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
Concern was also expressed that the inclusion of the “or undertakes to perform” might make the definition too broad.
However, concern was expressed that alternative B did not specifically refer to the carrier's liability and paragraph 1 indicated that the carrier was “disadvantaged from its liability” without first defining that liability.
The Working Group as a whole approved the substance of the paragraph.
* Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, India, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Pakistan, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Swaziland, Thailand, Togo, Uganda, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play an equally vital role in other situations of tension, such as, in particular, the question of Palestine.
It is the Iraqi regime that it has always to avoid war.
I would like to emphasize the very useful contributions of a large number of speakers before me, who enriched our debate on this very important issue.
My delegation listened carefully to the statements made by United Nations Member States during this debate.
A starting point could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that he believes should guide our decisions on the future of Iraq.
The Security Council bears and will continue to bear the primary responsibility for global peace and international security.
My Government is fully committed — and will continue to do so — to the fight against international terrorism.
We must be mindful of the fact that there are always people living under foreign occupation and who under international law are entitled to resist such occupation.
We are also taking further steps to develop cooperation in this area with other Central Asian States.
The report states:
Special allocations for the “resident coordinator support line” of programming arrangements will continue to be used to support coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3, the Administrator's budget proposals provide for separate funding for the funds administered by UNDP, which are submitted separately for approval by the Executive Board.
It will provide its partners with lessons learned and confirmed practices to ensure that their policies and programmes address the concerns of poor women, those affected and infected with HIV/AIDS, those in conflict and post-conflict situations and those who are otherwise excluded from participation in decisions that affect their lives and choices.
Therefore, this proposal is still not intended to reduce the rate of recovery to reflect interest income, which is currently at about 2 per cent.
The maximum support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 was $7.3 million.
In order to compare with changes in the volume of activities approved for the current budget period, the increase or decrease is expressed using the same coefficients used to approve appropriations.
Urban Secretariat
Burkina Faso indicated that it had begun the ratification process.
I have the honour to refer to my letter of 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report from Indonesia submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of items of which the Security Council is seized is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
Reforestation and afforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization resulted in a decline in government revenues due to reduced tariffs and taxes, and thus reduced public spending, especially in the social sector.
Clarification was sought with respect to the Joint Commission on Human Rights/WTO group proposed by the independent expert; some delegations, emphasizing the need for human rights issues, including the right to development, to be considered in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, stated that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, the above delegations called for enhanced South-South cooperation, exchanges and regional integration.
One speaker expressed the view that the working group itself was already a follow-up mechanism and that there was still a need to examine national studies and experiences and monitor the implementation of the outcomes of United Nations conferences.
In that context, the working group considered that States should, inter alia, endeavour to eliminate protectionist barriers to developing countries' exports and eliminate in certain economic sectors subsidies that adversely affected their exports.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate this work, including by submitting recommendations, as appropriate.
The group asked the Director of the project on water treatment methodology, annual consumption of chlorine, water quantities, employees and entities providing chlorine.
It also emphasizes the importance of effective, accountable and predictable collaboration in this area.
Case studies
Again, the use of the veto, on 14 October, prevented the adoption of a resolution considered by all to be balanced — a resolution that only called upon Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territories by force and to consider the separation wall illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its one-year leadership development programmes, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, encouraged the strengthening of national leadership in a number of countries — Cambodia, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal, South Africa and Swaziland — as well as in the Caribbean region.
List of tables 10
Analysis and valuation 287 84
Iraq's written response to this claim may be summarized as follows:
These instruments include the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons Tests in the Atmosphere, Outer Space and Underwater (Partial Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons Tests Treaty), the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, and the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, and the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and entered into force on 23 June 1961, established the first demilitarized continental zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had been unable to join the consensus on the draft resolution.
Iraq subsequently acknowledged that it had not paid attention to these changes.
I think if we are honest, we must admit that “the end of innocence” has come, no one needs to leave.
The last part presents the conclusions.
Overall implications: Development and poverty can only be achieved if productivity gaps within and among countries are reduced through the mobilization of skills, know-how, technologies and information in developing countries, resulting in equitable and sustainable development.
For this reason, institutional capacity-building, skills development and entrepreneurship promotion are also critical to the success and impact of UNIDO technical cooperation programmes; in this context, a new approach is proposed for UNIDO technical cooperation activities, which should make better use of the experience and know-how of professionals whose services are provided under the eight modules.
The German-German Treaty on the Establishment of a Monetary, Economic and Social Union entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German-German Agreement on Preparations and Organization throughout Germany on the first election to the Bundestag on 3 September 2001.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights are binding at the national level, as a result of the ratification of these instruments, but also because under article 25 of the Basic Law they have a higher authority than ordinary laws and directly create rights and obligations for inhabitants of the federal territory, insofar as they may be interpreted as general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties have devoted a separate chapter to the issue of public participation (Australia, the Czech Republic, New Zealand, Sweden), but many have addressed this issue from another perspective, regarding the participation of NGOs and policy makers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) or as a general principle (Italy).
Others consider participation to be public participation in the development of climate change plans, programmes and policies (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict, it is essential to maintain a minimum of environmental cooperation to safeguard natural resources and to prevent the health of people and the environment from deteriorating in a sustainable manner.
When considering the construction of new wastewater treatment facilities, it would be appropriate to provide for the reuse of wastewater.
The quality of wastewater released into the additives, watercourses and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be consistent with the most recent international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo II Agreement, the settlement in Ramat Hovav in Israel should be used.
Second performance report on the programme budget
Mr. Barriga (Liechtenstein) said that the past year had been a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in crime prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including by improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as by introducing multilingualism and teaching of indigenous languages and cultures to promote better understanding among cultures.
Upon receipt of additional information and clarification, the Committee considered the question at a number of formal and informal meetings, and several proposals on ways to address this issue were submitted by France, the Russian Federation and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland respectively.
First, all individuals have a duty to help the public Power, according to their means, fully fulfil its fundamental role.
Article 12
(g) It is important to request special rapporteurs and representatives to carry out the functions assigned to them and not to deal with matters outside their jurisdiction.
The Committee is of the view that the special information programme on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has contributed greatly to informing the media and public opinion about the situation.
The Arabs have sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, which, as the Secretary-General's report indicates, will remain a fundamental component of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the costs of this first review conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by the States parties and States not parties to the Convention participating in it, in accordance with the United Nations scale, calculated in an appropriate manner.
(a) Expressed concern at the high proportion of General Service staff in the regional commissions in comparison with the Professional and higher categories, and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, as appropriate, on any initiatives taken;
(c) The ratio of General Service staff not serving as secretariat/Professional and higher-level staff for all offices, and therefore the need for support capacity, is based on the local situation and the state of infrastructure development and commercial services in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children died.
It is perhaps the first time since the missile crisis in Cuba that the peoples of the world are taking the two possible options around a crisis of this seriousness; that is, a diplomatic settlement, therefore peaceful, or a war, with its aftermath, the grave consequences for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
It is in the interests of the Iraqi people.
For example, in two months of work on the ground, it should be noted that, through the cooperation of the Iraqi authorities, the inspectors had easy access to more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private residences.
Indigenous peoples and communities are not deprived of their means of subsistence or are not expelled from the lands they occupy, in violation of Convention No. 169.
They do not take disciplinary or other measures against workers or others who have filed a complaint or claim that the company does not comply with the Norms;
Thirdly, he stressed the need to be prepared to change his positions and to explore every possibility of finding a fair compromise.
Introduction
Greece Mr.
and
In accordance with the Instructions for the Registry (art.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Afghanistan, Algeria, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Chile, China, Central African Republic, Chad, Comoros, Congo, Costa Rica, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Djibouti, Egypt, Gabon, Haiti, Kenya, South Africa, Sudan, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Uganda, United Arab Republic, United Arab Republic, United Arab Republic, United Arab Republic, United Arab Republic, Viet Nam.
Whether Syria calls upon us — or anyone in this room — to listen to the voice of wisdom is a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
His delegation would like to know why the establishment of a Senior Management Service was essential to the progress of the major organizational reforms aimed at strengthening the international civil service (A/57/30 para.
The European Union agreed with the recommendation of the Commission in its report (A/57/30) concerning the maximum admissible educational expenses and education grant in countries and currency areas listed in paragraphs 141 (a) and (b), as well as with the recommendation on lump-sum reimbursement and additional reimbursement of boarding costs (para. 14 (c)).
All parties attended weekly meetings and responded promptly to incidents.
The total number of bank deposits has increased steadily, with an increase of 6 per cent over the past six months.
This hour in history requires reflection, introduction and action.
Mexico believes that genuine reform must be based on five very specific guidelines.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration - from developing and least developed countries in all regions - has gradually been extended to services.
Aims and purposes
Where this amount is too high, however, it may be a deterrent and counter to the objective of convenient, economic and expeditious access to insolvency proceedings.
Excluding the estate the encumbered assets may have the effect of increasing in general the availability of credit, since secured creditors would have the assurance that their real rights would not be affected by the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The assets of the debtor during this period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The appropriateness of measures to protect the value of the encumbered asset may have to be weighed against their potential complexity and costs, and the need for the court to be able to make difficult commercial decisions about such protection.
Automatic termination clauses
In order to improve the transparency of the insolvency regime, it is desirable that the limitations imposed on the powers of the insolvency representative in respect of the types of contract discussed in this section be clearly stated in the law.
However, even if this approach is adopted, the insolvency representative may need to commence proceedings to recover the assets or their equivalent value from the counterparty where the counterparty does not return the assets.
As noted above, however, a total desalination can disrupt the enterprise and undermine its continued operation at a critical stage of its survival.
The following list is not intended to be exhaustive and, in some cases, functions will overlap or will not be relevant because of the provisions of the insolvency law.
As a general rule, the committee will act on behalf of creditors: its functions will therefore be directly related to the general functions entrusted to creditors, as mentioned above.
When a creditor committee is constituted (and is recruited by professionals), this obligation can be fulfilled by requiring its members (and professionals) to sign confidentiality agreements.
Some of them provide general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan should sufficiently clarify and clarify to all parties the financial position of the debtor and the changes to certain rights proposed therein, or set minimum requirements, for example, that the plan should provide for payment of certain preferential claims.
In practice, this period may range from 10 to 45 days (see chap.
Recommendations on notice of commencement provide for the protection of the debtor by requiring notice of the application for commencement and giving the debtor the opportunity to rebut this presumption
For example, the ILO Convention on the Protection of Workers' Claims in the Insolvency of their Employers, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the decline in this area.
With regard to the latter, the programme is responsible for providing support to the Economic and Social Council and interaction between the Council and the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination.
On 6 December, the Chair circulated a presidential statement welcoming the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, introduced, in a private meeting with the participation of troop-contributing countries in the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force over the past six months (S/2002/1328).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained the required majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the appointment of Mr. Collen Vixen Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Narcisse Ahounou (Côte d'Ivoire) of Ivoire for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in order.
The Together Foundation is proud to provide effective electronic communication services to enable the G77 to meet its growing information and communication needs.
It is a permanent forum in which higher education institutions and their leaders can discuss important issues and issues in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002), seminar organized in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (approximately 100 participants);
Private sector fund-raising strategies
The social fabric is dissipated and makes women and girls vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, adult ex-combatants were the only ones to be addressed.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations disseminates a general training manual on gender and peacekeeping to peacekeeping missions and Member States.
More needs to be done in post-conflict situations and in the era of reconstruction.
The international community should take appropriate measures to provide them with relief and compensation.
Web sites President of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
For 12 years, Saddam Hussein has defied Security Council resolutions.
We are now in a fast-growing phase, supported by a strong research and development programme, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the relevant resolutions adopted by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the latest of which is resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
It is estimated that a one-week reduction in the duration of annual sessions will result in savings of $228,300 at full cost for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include ensuring the exercise of the right to water without discrimination of any kind and require systematic, practical and targeted measures to ensure its effective realization.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties and the Regional Office may, if necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information.
Add a new subparagraph (f):
(a) The aerosol is part of Division 2.1 if the substance contains more than 85 per cent of the substance, flammable components and the chemical heat of combustion is equal to or greater than 30 kJ/g;
“For UN 3175, the age test is not required when the liquid is entirely absorbed into a solid itself contained in a sealed bag.
P903 Add the following paragraph after the words “Empowering the test level of packing group II.
4.1.9.2.1 Replace "Industrial Column 1 (type IP-1)", "Indicators of type 2 (type IP-2)" and "Industrial Colleges of type 3 (type IP-3)" with "P-1-type IP-1", "P-2-type industrial associations" and "P-3s, respectively.
Paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.7.6 become 6.1.4.6 to 6.1.4.6 and 6.1.4.8 and 6.1.4.8.1 become 6.1.4.7 and 6.1.4.7.1, respectively.
6.2.2.6.3.3 Quality management
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kuenyehia pointed out that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women victims of trafficking were immediately deported from Switzerland and, as a result, were no longer in the country, they could not testify against perpetrators.
By committing, with the support of the international community, to ensuring peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to build NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without wishing to support the related problems of patrimonism, we can point out that it has been successfully used to ensure development and stability in other countries and regions.
While there has been an increase over the past two years, the amount remains far below the level of the 1990s.
The strong commitment of the international community, from rhetoric to action, and the continued and responsible leadership of Africa, working in a sustained manner for the sustainable development of the continent, will contribute to ensuring the full success of NEPAD.
It is the first international legally binding treaty on trade in biotechnology products.
• Less releases of organic pollutants and nutrients by ad hoc sources;
(Thousands of United States dollars.
As indicated in the Secretary-General's latest report, in his review of cooperation activities undertaken in 1999 by the White Helmets Commission, good note was taken of the implementation of the White Helmets formula and the experience gained in that regard.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the Chairman (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, became A/AC.268/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a United Nations civilian staff member who died in the performance of his or her duties in the service of peace, except those who have died of natural causes or an accident, after the effective date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, trafficking by sea, law enforcement cooperation and training);
Rule 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that the officers of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs shall remain in office until their successors are elected and shall be eligible for re-election.
(c) The COP/AC should conduct research on cooperative models in order to demonstrate in what conditions it works best and can be used in innovative ways and to create ways to share best practices and experiences.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had drafted at the end of others expressed a preference for the proposal made by Member States of the Organization of the Islamic Conferenceb (OIC). All delegations took note of the important concessions already made in this regard.
There is the risk of duplication and overlap.
The family, which is the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for the flourishing and well-being of all its members, must be protected and receive the necessary assistance to enable it to assume all its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; assassinations, rafles, destruction and detention are the lot of those children who do not have access to education or medical care.
Their current situation under Israeli occupation is far from a “world fit for children”.
We hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its broad range of activities will help to achieve the objectives of this draft resolution.
(a) To pay particular attention to the protection of refugee children, especially single minors, and internally displaced children at risk of being abducted or forced to participate in armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
Child protection issues, especially sexual abuse and exploitation, were the main obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West Africa and Central Africa reported that a number of countries in the region are in the process of drafting legislation to provide stricter penalties for convicted traffickers.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (non-governmental organizations) has already been established.
UNICEF is developing two strategies to address HIV/AIDS.
Resources for such activities have already been included in the programme budget for the current biennium and under section 24, Human rights, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
The provision would cover the costs of 12 military advisers/ Liaison Officers ($488,200); 8 civilian police advisers ($325,400); 1,159 international staff; 143 national staff; and 737 local staff), representing a net increase of 12 posts resulting from a net decrease of 27 international and 21 national staff posts ($481,300);
Review of the programme of work: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I should like to draw the attention of the members of the Council to the following documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letters dated 2 June and 24 July 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General; and S/2003/685 and S/2003/698, letters dated 2 July and 9 July 2003, respectively, from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations.
“I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Group of States of the Islamic Conference at the United Nations, to request the Security Council to extend an invitation under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Ahmad Hajihosseini, Deputy Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Council.
But the effect is the same: annexation.
Fear is still very bad and an artificial solution to the problems facing Israel.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs of Norway will reiterate this unequivocal condemnation in his meeting with President Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories, as well as the excessive use of force against innocent Palestinians, drive them also to despair.
However, the Commission also took note of the different views expressed in the Working Group regarding the form and scope of the instrument, its basic principles and some of its main features.
The Working Group agreed to recommend to the Secretariat to follow up on suggestions to broaden the scope of the study by also addressing possible obstacles to electronic commerce that might arise from other instruments, including other organizations, and to explore with those organizations the modalities for carrying out the necessary studies, taking into account the constraints that the Secretariat might impose on its current workload.
Enterprises engaged in legitimate business should not be afraid to disclose their identities or places of business.
(i) To further reduce non-strategic nuclear weapons in a transparent, verifiable and irreversible manner, on the basis of unilateral initiatives and as part of the nuclear arms reduction and disarmament process;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and ban any action that would undermine its firm commitment to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The deputies of the State Duma state that when they consider the documents to be submitted for ratification concerning Latvia's participation in the Agreement on Partnership and Cooperation between the Russian Federation and the European Communities and their member States, others will determine whether they should be ratified if Latvia complies with its human rights obligations.
She would also like to know whether the Government was encouraging the formation of women's organizations.
Science and technology as a foundation for sustainable forest management
Secondly, it must be used to use the knowledge gained from case studies to develop indicators for the different stress factors that are both specific and scientifically sound.
Date and place
The Chairman: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 have expressed the wish that the text be adopted by the Committee without a vote.
This simplified interface allows access not only to the database but also to other information available on the website.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Policy coordination
Recognizing the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and in the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
Pilot projects had been approved for two of the Territories and their implementation would be carefully reviewed to determine whether they could be implemented elsewhere.
The Supreme Council of the Magistracy shall elect, in addition to the candidates listed in article 3, paragraph 5, two candidates whose names are also communicated to it by the Secretary-General, one who shall serve as an international investigating judge and one who shall be the alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
KUFEC's claim for the period of development of Sidi El Kilani 56 - 95 22
KAFCO assessed the Jet A-1 fuel at its replacement cost in May 1991, based on the average price of the purchased quantities.
The production profile used after that date is based on the annual production rate it estimated in 1994, although actual production figures are now available.
Ms. Pham Thi Nga (Viet Nam), speaking in explanation of her delegation's position, said that the draft resolution lacked objectivity and did not reflect the progress made in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is strangely silent on the request of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the international community for the establishment of an international criminal tribunal for the Democratic Republic of the Congo with a view to ending violence and impunity.
Last November, Esther Galia, a mother of seven children, was shot dead during a terrorist attack in the same area.
They are essential to a comprehensive settlement.
As long as the international community has endorsed the road map agreed by the Israeli and Palestinian sides, its implementation requires genuine political will to achieve the final goal, namely, the two-State solution envisaged by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive signs that recently indicated a revival of the political process, Israeli settlement policies and the continued construction of the separation wall run counter to all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
At the same time, while at the same time throwing the anxiety on terrorists on all sides, we must admit that one of the sources of this tragedy lies in the despair of some peoples, who are victims of the frustrations and intolerable injustices that are late in being addressed.
On the other hand, Iran does not have a nuclear weapons programme and does not intend to do so.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral use of military force, through the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage countries, individually, to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, the States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI, committed themselves to the Treaty.
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion strategy of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of these indictees may have died and others may never be arrested.
Furthermore, following a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution now defines the family as an entity based on equality of spouses.
The plan provides for village development committees, which must include at least one woman among their members and which are responsible for implementing the project at the village level.
We are ready to continue to work closely with the Tribunal to ensure that these trials take place.
With regard to the question posed by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and rapid transfer would allow cases to be completed in a timely manner, as the President said, the judicial process is not easily predictable.
Subregional level
Therefore, solutions to prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes require the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, foremost among which are nuclear weapons.
In the area of export competition, it was proposed to reduce export subsidies and credits, but without specific targets and timetables.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment by the Community of Business Women's Network, which aims to empower women, including by facilitating their access to credit and commercial and technical training;
Such a project is under way in the mountains of Central Asia.
Identification
Contents
Some participants stressed the need to explore the possibility of establishing an international stabilization fund that would play the role of an insurance mechanism to help address losses arising from the implementation of response measures.
Recognizing the importance of collaboration among the sponsors of the Global Climate Observing System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty be abolished from the criminal sanctions legislation of both Republics and that it be explicitly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish an open-ended working group to explore ways to improve the predictability of funding.
In particular, mention was made of the proposed provision on the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions would cause considerable material and financial damage to third States.
It would be desirable to temporarily suspend sanctions in the event of extraordinary circumstances or force majeure (natural disasters, threats of starvation, widespread unrest resulting in the disruption of the administration of the country), in order to prevent a humanitarian disaster.
Therefore, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered on a case-by-case basis.
The sponsor delegation, in turn, proposed the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergency situations and force majeure in order to prevent a humanitarian disaster, and should be decided on a case-by-case basis.” With regard to that suggestion, the view was expressed that it did not adequately reflect the idea that such a provision might not be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already provided for in the sanctions regime.
It was further noted that the last principle (section 5 above) raised an important issue of the codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the International Law Commission to consider it and for the Sixth Committee to discuss it.
Transparency will remain the hallmark of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
As a result, despite the slight change recommended by the Group of Governmental Experts this year, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States have remained unchanged, and they believe that the scope of the Register should be broadened, especially since past years have shown that the Register, which is limited to seven categories of conventional weapons, will not attract universal participation.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help to strengthen our rule of law achievements.
For my delegation, this is a historic occasion, since this is the first time that the Republic of San Marino is addressing the Security Council.
Decides further that the Bureau of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee shall be composed of five representatives of Member States elected on the basis of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors raised several points regarding the liquidation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1n), para.
Please indicate how your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and conclusion
Source: Hague Conference, Convention No. 2 (available at www.hcch.net/f/conventions/text02.html).
Obstacles to women's full participation in political life are rather rooted in traditional societal attitudes; there is indeed some resistance on the part of men to women's role in decision-making.
The trial of another Kosovo Serb, accused of being the instigator of the April riots in Mitrovica, commenced on 22 November.
Research activities using staples and balloons, as well as ESA space missions, are designed and carried out in Esrange by research teams in the fields of plasma physics, astronomy, atmospheric chemistry and materials science.
UNCTAD's work in the area of trade and development was not intended to duplicate the work of other organizations, but to examine the relationship between trade and development in an objective and integrated manner from a development perspective in order to facilitate and strengthen ongoing processes and negotiations in other forums.
The pilot phase had already made it possible to build the capacity of Somali disarmament, demobilization and reintegration institutions.
Target group: All reviewers.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the Executive Board at its seventh session on measures taken to implement this decision.
“Villers”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are unable to protect is your responsibility.
The Commission on Human Rights must play an essential role in the process of improving the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other relevant entities, both public and private, as well as multilateral agencies, to continue to contribute, on a voluntary basis or in accordance with their mandates, to activities related to the development and implementation of programmes of action to combat desertification in all affected regions;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that addressing the issue at a meeting of the expanded bureau seemed to be a strange solution, since the views of the extended bureau, meeting informally, would not necessarily reflect those of the Commission as a whole.
(iv) All known and projected expenditures relating to the representative duly authorized by the Secretary-General to serve on the International Advisory and Monitoring Board for the period of six months defined above, after which such costs will be borne by the United Nations;
Its action against terrorism using weapons of mass destruction will also be in line with the three-stage programme of the Counter-Terrorism Committee of the United Nations, thus establishing the necessary legal framework for the fight against terrorism, followed by the strengthening of the executive machinery for the implementation of legislation and the development of international counter-terrorism cooperation.
Its production base remains narrow and diverse.
Despite the glaring periods of hope for achieving a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been the scene of armed confrontations in other phases and periods that have had a profound impact and repercussions on the peace efforts that Egypt has made with objectivity and clarity, seizing every opportunity to achieve a just and comprehensive peace for the countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also calls upon States to take all appropriate measures to protect the cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
Furthermore, the lack of effective flag State control exposes the maritime sector to the conduct of offenders engaged in arms smuggling and trafficking in drugs and diamonds, etc.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
In time of war, by the territorial courts of the armed forces and military courts to the armed forces”.
Participants included 115 of 59 countries, including representatives of government agencies, international organizations, consumer organizations, trade and industry.
The TEMPORARY PRESIDENT said that he had been honoured to chair the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Board, which coincided with a period of greater stability after four years of reform.
Despite financial constraints, Ghana has undertaken to meet its financial obligations to the Organization.
Place of regular sessions
If the President ceases to be a representative of a member of the Governing Council or is unable to perform his or her functions, or if the member State of which he or she is a member of the Governing Council ceases to be a member, the Bureau shall designate one of the Vice-Presidents as acting President until a new President has been elected by the Governing Council.
The role of poverty and its impact on the entire population was highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
Appreciation was expressed for the abolition of 57 outputs and the rationalization of publications.
The Committee recommended the dissolution of the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus, since it had long been unable to agree on how to implement its programme of work and was unable to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that UNHCR's proposed programme budget was presented as a grant to streamline the link between UNHCR and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35 (Common for Development) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The strategy of subprogramme 2 should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and related conclusions be submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women for consideration and action, as appropriate.
The documents before the Working Group are listed in annex I.
A minority representative recommended autonomy for the Ogoni people in a specific area of Nigerian territory, explaining that this would promote socio-economic development and the full participation of the Ogonis in resource control.
The term “new minorities” was not accepted by all, and its use required more in-depth discussion and consideration.
Training courses should be encouraged to learn from human rights mechanisms and the development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
There seems to be a new consensus on the issue of the role of the public sector in the field of energy for sustainable development (for example, setting public policy goals, setting priorities and directing markets), while bearing in mind that market forces alone will not suffice to address the energy poverty of developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
At present, the approach could be described as a “process”: certain provisions of the Convention have been transformed into specific legislation.
(c) The two C-160, Turkish military aircraft coming from the FIR of Ankara, entered the FIR of Nicosia, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the occupied area of Cape Apostolos Andreas before exiting in the direction of the east, from where they returned in the opposite direction.
There is a need to see the long-term and political will.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and most recently Liberia, show the full success of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes under emergency conditions, of increasingly complex peace operations involving multiple partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Moreno Ocampo, came to our Geneva office to discuss possible areas of collaboration with us.
Those words are the best tribute to the work of MONUC.
Mr. Puzalt (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): At the outset, I would like to thank your delegation for having included such an important issue as human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the Council's agenda.
An ecosystem approach involves expanding the functions and processes involved in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
Intergovernmental Panel on Forests process
(iii) Possible actions to reduce risks, especially political risks, faced by investors engaged in sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
Nor did the United States do so when it provided money to Iranian nationals after United States missiles shot down an Iranian commercial aircraft over Iran.
Train students in knowledge management, especially those relating to accounting
(b) Systems analysis and design techniques (This item, which deals with page computer issues, is addressed in module 3.6.
The Israeli Government is headed by a notorious terrorist, Ariel Sharon, who, according to two officers who participated in the Kafr Qassem massacre in 1956, ordered that Palestinian children be burned alive before their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General to ensure, in the preparation of the conference services budget, that the provision for general temporary assistance is sufficient to meet the full demand for services based on current experience;
Paragraph 2 would be very close to the current paragraph 2 of model provision 32, and would therefore read: “Any expropriation of land that may be required for the execution of the project is carried out in accordance with ”; it would be followed by the language currently in square brackets in paragraph 2 of model provision 32, with any reference to regulatory easements.
Perhaps a second word could be added to the French version.
Model provision 33, as amended, is approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY] Annex II
(f) That, as proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of their liberty must be released in a manner that ensures that they have been effectively released and that they have been released under conditions that guarantee their physical integrity and the opportunity to claim their rights;
The study revealed that the way in which the Secretariat's administrative services operate does not allow for the full use of the opportunities offered by technology or the adoption of the most modern practices like other organizations.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to the request contained in General Assembly resolution 57/110 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General for Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, in order to lead Myanmar to a transition to a civil regime, and to ensure that both have full and free access to Myanmar and that all persons cooperating with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are not subjected to any form of intimidation, harassment or repression;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/... of ... April 2003, endorses the Commission's decision to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a further year, as contained in Commission resolution 1992/58 of 3 March 1992, and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.”
• Serious consideration should be given to dismantling large mining companies owned by the State, such as Gécamines and MIBA (MAM).
Expresses its appreciation to those Governments that have made additional contributions to the establishment and strengthening of national human rights institutions;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;1
The unspent balance was due mainly to the decision not to buy new generators of large power, since available generators could be repaired through reserve spare parts and were sufficient to provide electricity.
Recalling that relevant United Nations human rights instruments and global plans of action call for the widest possible protection and assistance to the family, and that the family has different forms, which differ according to cultural, political and social systems,
The Voorburg Group addressed the issues of identification of suppliers and the quality of any existing register.
Reaffirms its leadership in the budgetary process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, which, inter alia, advises the Programme for the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and the management of the resources of the Programme on the basis of the priorities established by Member States;
Capacity developed through: support to organizational entities and planning entities (public and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support for the formulation and implementation of legislation; inter-ministerial coordination; research and training capacity on development issues, etc.
Specific discussions on those items were held and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its six-hour mission and returned to the Qasr Ninawa hotel in Mosul.
The National Monitoring Directorate informed him of the scheduled meeting and encouraged him to participate in the meeting.
The importance of broadband services as an engine for economic and social development should be recognized;
]
(b) That any person who directs or works in any capacity for a private sector entity to seek or accept, directly or indirectly, an undue advantage, for himself or herself or for another person or entity, in order to perform or refrain from doing any act and thereby fail to perform his duties [in relation to an economic, financial or commercial operation, which causes damage to the private sector].
[(j) Identifying, freezing and tracing funds of illicit origin derived from acts of corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
According to those delegations, it would also be important to ensure that the convention's system took into account existing regional mechanisms and sought to avoid unnecessary duplication.
Text taken from the proposal submitted by Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (7 out of 32) presented a projection “without measures taken”.
p For this year, a projection is provided for agriculture but not for energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases, depending on their degree of difficulty, by allocating more resources to highly complex cases;
Agenda item 84
Furthermore, thematic meetings of treaty bodies should be encouraged, which contribute to improving and making human rights protection more transparent in a specific area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate it to the Third Committee.
In the face of the resolve of non-nuclear-weapon States, the nuclear-weapon States must show that they are making tangible progress towards nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that planted forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and adversely affect the rights and livelihoods of local populations (a practice that is strongly discouraged at the Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General of 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations contained therein, endorses the Secretary-General's proposal that an electoral unit be established within UNAMA, and calls upon Member States to support United Nations electoral activities in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to refer to my letter of 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report from Spain submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It promotes TCDC in policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador has five women ambassadors, compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Montalvo (Ecuador) said that the most important legislative change had been the revision of the Family Code, which had passed to Congress on first reading and was awaiting a second reading.
Resolution 1456 (2003)
Executive Order No. 336, on the re-establishment of the National Action Commission against Air Piracy and Terrorism as the National Civil Aviation Security Council.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The fruitful exchange of views followed made it possible for delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
AFUR African Utilities Regulators
M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.
However, it may be necessary in any case to consider various factors, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of an agreement governing its relations with the State concerned.
OHCHR looks forward to the generosity of donors, especially donor Governments, to meeting these needs.
The main task remains to correct the effects of past violence and to remedy current violations while developing national capacities to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Statistical capacity-building;
The initial results of the work of the Community make it possible to refer to a rich potential for cooperation between the Community and the Universal International Organization, based on the principles of partnership, participation and complementarity of efforts.
29B.24 Programme planning and budget preparation fall under the Programme Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in that regard.
Based on these contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the Institute's trust fund as at 31 December 2003 would be $735,600.
Request for hearing
Variant A
The definition of “electronic signature” corresponds to the definition of “electronic signature” in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valenta at 212 963 9684 or 963-9196).
With the exception of sales publications and public information material, hyperlinked official documents listed hereunder may be accessed through the Official Document System of the United Nations in the electronic version of the present Journal.
Ltd. (Sudan); LXO = Luxor Air (Egypt); NL = LoneStar Airways (affirmed by the Government of Liberia); Relief = Relief transport services Ltd (United Kingdom).
Smuggling accounts for more than 50 per cent of trade.
Illegal looting and levies by the security forces, extortion and other bribes undermine any prospect of economic stabilization and can only discourage capital flows by foreign private investors.
The United Nations should assume a more active role in the negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearance of gendarmes would, according to the testimonies collected, be tantamount to desertion.
The prevalence of HIV/AIDS is increasing and children constitute 7 per cent of the infected population.
However, there is a need for country offices to make better use of lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction - goals and objectives
Press conferences
The status of ratification of conventions and the information received on the implementation of action programmes included key indicators of progress in combating slavery and slavery-like practices.
The observer for UNICEF outlined the work of UNICEF in the area of child protection.
Calls upon United Nations bodies and agencies to develop and implement codes of conduct prohibiting all forms of sexual exploitation by United Nations personnel, service providers and humanitarian workers, and invites non-governmental organizations to do likewise in their areas of competence;
Invites States and relevant non-governmental organizations to undertake research to improve understanding of the diversion of ritual practices with a view to intimidating women and girls who are victims of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African Ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the 1990 session on the improvement and effectiveness of its operations (CD/1036), the Conference invited the following non-member States to participate in its work: Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Georgia, Ghana, Greece, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malta, Monaco, Nepal, Oman, Portugal, Philippines, Portugal, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Singapore.
I hope that the Ministers will request accelerated action on all these vital security issues.
There is growing concern about the possible links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.5, A/58/375, A/57/786, A/58/600 and A/58/610)); 120 and 121 (Programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005: administrative costs of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (A/58/214, A/58/214/Corr.1 and A/58/7/Add.1);
Encourages countries to submit, on an optional basis, national reports to the review session of the Commission in particular, highlighting concrete progress in implementation, including achievements, challenges and opportunities;
(d) Strive to achieve better and more balanced representation of major groups in all regions in the Commission;
The issue of trade-distorting agricultural subsidies was raised and considered a serious obstacle to achieving sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005, the additional activities to be undertaken include an assessment, assessment and analysis of progress towards the objectives; an inventory of problems and obstacles encountered and opportunities; the use of lessons learned, including by coordinating information received from various sources and capacity-building activities during sessions of the Commission; the establishment and management of a transparent information and communication system; and a summary of partnerships for the review process.
This assistance has provided training materials, training of trainers and senior officials, and technical and financial support for training sessions by Cambodian trainers.
The total net claim - excluding the amount of USD 251,432.40 for interest and the amount of USD 172,784.51 for claim preparation costs - claimed for 380 claims in part one of the sixteenth instalment, to which the Panel has decided, amounts to USD 479,190,427.82.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and implemented within the framework of international cooperation, will aim to ensure that regional initiatives by different agencies or groups of agencies produce synergy.
The Fifth Committee, having considered the statement of programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General3 and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,4 decides to inform the General Assembly that, should it adopt draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.1/Rev.1, an appropriation of $1,375,600, as indicated below, would be required for the biennium 2004-2005 under section 2, Disarmament affairs and section 1,004, General Assembly affairs.
As part of its reception programme, the Government immediately provides housing, food aid and language services for all returnees, men and women, and is trying to find work, thus making available a number of services to this vulnerable group.
As part of international cooperation, the Government is undertaking a comprehensive overhaul of its statistical and census centre, with the aim of improving the data collected and updated and allowing for gender disaggregation.
There is an increasing volume of literature on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and there are growing practical examples of this contribution.
See for example Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, and CESCR General Comment No. 14, paragraph 3.
Is there a need to reduce duplication in the work of the Committee and of international organizations?
- Local governments, which are responsible for addressing the issue of vulnerable children under the Local Government Act, annex II, must develop their potential more pragmatically;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of trends in net resource transfers to and from developing countries.
It is important to continue the dialogue that was initiated in Johannesburg on the issue of debt conversion to environmental investment and sustainable development.
There have been cases in the past where meetings of States parties have been considerably delayed or cancelled due to the lack of quorum.
On the occasion of Human Rights Day, the New York Office of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organizes several activities to celebrate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the Vienna World Conference on Human Rights and the award of human rights awards.
The view was expressed that efforts should be made to avoid that problem when considering the provisions of chapter 8 in the light of existing instruments on electronic commerce.
He reiterated that P&I Clubs supported the application of the instrument to door-to-door transport and noted that, while difficulties could arise both with a limited network system and with a uniform system, it should be noted that the transport industry had, to a large extent, adopted a multimodal transport network system, including in the UNCTAD/ITC Rules and in the COMBICON transport letter.
In response to a question concerning the reasons why the draft instrument should apply a default rule in the event of “non-localized damage”, it was reiterated that the essence of this was to ensure that the liability regime for such damage was predictable and secure.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
There will be a briefing by the Secretary-General on the Youth Employment Network, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Secretariat of the Youth Employment Network, the World Bank and ILO, today, 30 September 2003, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
In comparison with the posts approved as at 30 June 2003, the staffing establishment of 223 international staff (1 ASG, 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-4, 74 P-3, 13 P-2/1, 29 Field Service and 74 General Service (Other level)), 537 national staff, including 25 Professional staff, and 207 United Nations Volunteers.
The latter would be assisted by a Secretary (General Service (Other level)) and a driver (national staff).
Ms. Shin asked about the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission for Women's Issues, the Federal Office for Gender Equality and the Swiss Conference of Gender Delegates, and expressed concern about the relative lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Office.
3, let.
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint work programme with IAEA to develop a standard by implementing the IAEA safety standard development process, with the appropriate participation of experts from the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with IAEA and Committee reporting procedures and mechanisms.
Option 3
To our great regret, the United Nations Secretariat has taken no steps to redeploy United Nations observers to the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait, so that they can carry out their tasks under Security Council resolutions.
Primary health care is also tragically inadequate in many countries.
Recently in Cancún our trade negotiations have been reversed.
Among them, the National Women's Forum is a forum for dialogue and continuous, pluralist and representative dialogue, enabling women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and direction of national policies for the full development of women in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat had provided guidance for the legalization of such groups, training of their members in social organization and capacity-building, self-esteem and human rights in departments of Chiquimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
Women's Health Week.
Such collaboration could begin with the holding of an international symposium to study the various aspects of commercial fraud and where the various stakeholders could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the following non-governmental organization which requested consultative status with UNIDO: World Federation of Free Zones (FEMOZA).
In that letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities would give serious consideration to the adoption of such measures and would shed light on the incident of the microphone.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the action teams that could be taken into account in preparing the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to circulate to the chairpersons of the action teams a model for their contribution to the report of the Committee.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They further noted that the African Union was the outcome of the common vision of a united and strong Africa that would enable the African continent to meet the multifaceted challenges facing its continent and its peoples in the light of the social, economic and political transformations taking place in the world.
They stressed that such institutions should resist the efforts of some countries that use such conditionalities to defend their interests alone.
They called upon donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian assistance to proportion to the needs of the affected populations, without being influenced by the level of interest of the media, or by the geographical position of the place where humanitarian assistance is declared as an emergency.
Surveys carried out so far in Tunisia show that no Tunisian banking agency or trading operator has any funds, financial assets or resources belonging to individuals or entities listed above.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordinating body should be designated within the United Nations system to provide support in this area, and the United Nations regional commissions should include specific activities,
Convinced that responsibility for road safety rests with local, municipal and national authorities,
Thematic discussion (theme to be decided on the basis of consultations conducted by the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The proposed amendment to the Money-Laundering Act, which makes terrorist acts punishable by the Criminal Code a crime against the Money-Laundering Act, will allow the Office to freeze without delay the funds or financial assets of persons or organizations charged with terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is reviewed periodically on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations to the Government of Guinea-Bissau
Dalate County County's non-governmental organization County will host the seminar.
It should ultimately contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations for sustainable land management and eventually lead to qualitative and quantitative improvement of arable land and increased agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and plans of action and in their educational and cultural policies the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, indigenous customs and ceremonies, as well as their history, vision of the cosmos, their philosophy and values.
The cold war mentality and the role of nuclear weapons in the doctrines of nuclear-weapon States, the current stalemate in the Conference on Disarmament, the lack of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and especially the increased risk of the use of nuclear weapons, have created a precarious situation that makes non-nuclear-weapon States absolutely in need of negative security assurances.
Participating in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Women Judges, held in Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Therefore, they must be secured by a number of provisions:
- Violations of intellectual property rights;
We cannot allow us to leave the Conference inactivity or to leave it behind because of the obstacles to be overcome or because our sense of powerlessness gives us hope to fall.
In developing the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team engaged in a dialogue with local leaders and military units throughout the country.
These staff members have effectively ensured the integration of children's rights and protection into the work of peacekeeping missions.
However, if an agent is re-employed by an organization applying the United Nations common system less than twelve months after separation, any sum to which he or she may be entitled at the end of his or her re-employment under termination indemnity, repatriation grant or accrued annual leave shall be adjusted so that the number of months, weeks or days of salary paid in respect of such payments shall not exceed that of months, weeks or days of service.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council in particular, must act together in this critical period in order to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq.
Therefore, only claims for instalments completed on 2 May 1990 or after that date fall within the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only amounts relating to the compensable period may be compensated.
The “E2” Panel has defined the scope of military operations and the concept of a threat of military action for the different locations and dates of the losses reported in the claims before it, with a view to delineating the compensable area and period (“the compensable area”).
Canada accepted the presidency for a period of one year, beginning on 1 January 2004, after the end of South Africa's mandate on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will take stock of best practices from recent planning activities and lessons learned to determine whether they could apply to future operations.
If a new operation was to be implemented in 2003, the Secretariat would be in a position to deploy more rapidly than in the past, through the strengthening of the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of new arrangements for civilian support staff on standby (as described in sub-items 3 and 4 below).
The maximum deployment period for members of the rapid deployment team will be 90 days, after which they will return to their places of origin.
An interactive training CD-ROM entitled “Stressing Management” was recently completed and provided to missions on an experimental basis in December 2002.
Mission training was strengthened by the establishment of training cells at UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET, as well as the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware that a single code of conduct should apply to all personnel assigned to peacekeeping missions, whether military, civilian or civilian police, even if disciplinary proceedings vary according to the categories of personnel.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and the Pacific (excluding Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, the former Yugoslavia.
National and international commitments and cooperation are required to address them.
Lessons learned from ongoing pilot projects show that it is vital to identify productive activities for which there is a potential demand, with low start-up costs and skills that persons with disabilities can acquire.
This creates a tension between vulnerability on the one hand and independence on the other, when a previously independent person is facing the new need to receive care and depend on others.
After considering the informative and interesting case studies, one participant stressed the need to strike a balance between self-regulation and public regulation in order to promote genuine transparency.
The search for a structure in which developed and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered necessary by several participants and it was noted that ISAR could play this role.
New York University Stern School of Business
University of St. Petersburg
United Nations Decade of Education for Sustainable Development
In accordance with article 15, the deficiencies identified were reported to the claimants to enable them to remedy them.
In the case of a claim, the Panel ascertained that the goods had been delivered in Iraq by the claimant, but was unable to determine precisely whether they had been delivered shortly before or after the date of the trade embargo imposed by Security Council resolution 661 (1990) of 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries paid between August 1990 and April 1991 to employees who were reduced to work due to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur was sensitive to the support provided by a number of United Nations agencies in the preparation of the study.
Similarly, only 4 to 7 per cent of these enterprises are headed by women.
- Leaders and business, institutions and organizations, and all other persons involved in terrorist activities, in particular by financing terrorists or terrorist groups or organizations, by providing or collecting funds to be used, directly or indirectly, for the commission of terrorist acts or related offences or by conducting transactions involving funds or other financial assets;
- It signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified it on 12 September 2002, stating that it exercises jurisdiction over the offences referred to in article 2 of the Convention in cases provided for in article 7, paragraph 2, of the Convention;
This law, which is not retroactive, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Internal Revenue Code in force as at 31 December 2000.
The CF and its members play a central role, individually and collectively, in assisting the GM in carrying out its mission, as defined in Article 21, paragraph 4, of the Convention, but the sense of ownership among the stakeholders consulted, including the members of the CF, is that the GM has not yet fully discharged its role, having so far adopted a wait-and-see approach.
Finding a niche for the GM
curfews continue, but are not as strict as in 2002.
The Bishkek meeting, held on 9 and 10 July 1998, brought together experts from the nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention are guaranteed in a constitution or other laws and, if so, to what extent; or, if not, whether such provisions can be made in courts, tribunals and administrative authorities and whether they can give effect to them;
(a) Seven members selected by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Control from among the candidates proposed by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, with due regard to the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded from voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution must be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the African Group, and on behalf of the other sponsors, to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti”, which provides an overview of the continuing special economic assistance needs of that country.
As for the proportion of vacancies, it was true that it should not improve significantly given the gradual reduction of activities.
Another source of abuse is the billing of defence counsel services.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its 2002 session;
This figure, significantly lower than in 2001, is partly due to increased security concerns arising from the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001, which led some major resettlement countries to temporarily restrict admissions to their territory.
In 1998, many evidence was provided to FBI on this case.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures resulting from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;6
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical inquiry — the Government that considered that an investigation was necessary to obtain a clear picture of the situation before taking the necessary steps — assessed the level of awareness of the issue in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group by providing information or clarification.
For example, Brazilian law enforcement officers had been trained at the Regional Drug Intelligence Training School in the Andean Community in Lima.
(9) The proposed regulation also imposes restrictions on services related to the equipment listed and brokering activities.
To that end, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries of equipment and products that could be used for torture or for the imposition of capital punishment or other cruel, degrading or inhuman treatment.
With regard to the specific cases referred to in the report, it was reported that imposing the port of brothels for long periods, either in the case of transfer from prison or as a punishment, constitutes a violation of the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (rules 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The texts of the laws cited in this excerpt are available on the website at http://www.admin.ch/ch/f/rs/rs.html (23 October 2002).
According to this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of evidence provided by a member of the Garda Síochána who has at least the rank of Commissioner, that a person holds or controls funds which are or may be used to commit a terrorist offence or to facilitate the commission of such a crime, it shall order a request on request, unless the defendant or any other person has determined to his satisfaction that the funds are not used to do so.
The “terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Decision, that is, the structured association of more than two persons, established in time and acting in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
European economic space, Swiss nationals and dependants
Following a request made by the Government of the United Kingdom in October 2002 to provide the Overseas Territories of the Caribbean with detailed information on all their holders of savings accounts before 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the Caribbean States members of the Organization of American States decided to consolidate the training of social workers specialized in drug abuse.
Small island developing States in the Caribbean have been armed to cope with both phenomena and climate variability.
• Identify multinational biological resources and define land and marine areas that need protection;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory from being used to plan, organize, carry out or participate in terrorist crimes, must prevent terrorist elements, individually or in groups, from infiltrating and establishing themselves in its territory and must not harbour them, harbour them or finance them or allow them to use their national territory to visit other States.
Some regions north and south of the African malaria belt, as well as some mountainous regions in many countries, are threatened by a malaria epidemic.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors for their valuable support to the Library.
(b) To develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt crusts, including applicable standards for the protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Recognizing that, at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world is experiencing historical and far-reaching changes in which the forces of aggressive nationalism and religious and ethnic extremism continue to pose new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of the functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the Administrative Tribunal of the International Labour Organization should continue, as current disparities make it easier for some international staff to apply to an administrative tribunal.
For its part, the administration should respond to requests for review by judicial bodies, which are often lacking.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Goicochea (Cuba) said that it was to avoid breaking the consensus that her delegation had accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouheddou (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years later, adopted in Rome on 13 June 2002,
The summary was prepared after consultation with the other members of the Council.
Aid and guiding principles
She continued to welcome the development of democracy in the Republic of China on Taiwan and hoped that the Chinese people, both sides of the Taiwan Strait, would settle their differences peacefully.
The Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the inclusion of item 167 in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
d November 2002 exchange rate.
That supported the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at raising awareness among decision makers and the general public of the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development by building on the achievements of space research; promoting the increased use of space-related systems and services by the United Nations system and the private sector; and improving the management of the world's natural resources.
Viet Nam is committed to building a strong nation and a prosperous, equitable and democratic society, placing human beings at the heart of its economic and social policies.
After plundering the wealth of developing countries, the former colonial Powers are now responsible for the deaths of 10 children every 7 seconds.
Unfortunately, the occupation authorities have prohibited the Turkish Cypriots from benefiting from these advantages while limiting the freedom of expression of the supporters of a reunified Cyprus, which has been granted occupation troops.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are enshrined in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Round table on microcredit
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power in most forest workers severely hampers the impact of the most low-income workers.
These activities are expected to accelerate the discovery of new drugs and vaccines.
For several years now, the Conference on Disarmament has not been carrying out any substantive work.
From the perspective of refugee protection, which is part of a whole, to be important, the first challenge is to address the concerns of States in order to take account of refugee protection.
National asylum legislation and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement these obligations in a just and effective manner are the following steps.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with appreciation the work done, under the guidance of voluntary Member States, by the 12 teams established by the Committee at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and urged Member States to fully support the action teams in the conduct of their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, it should be noted that the Organization of American States has proposed that the follow-up meeting at the 6 March meeting be held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
The more we are doing, the more we see that we still have to do.
Is this not, by definition, terrorism?
(a) The replacement of one or more responsible officials;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and elaborated in the main instruments (International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Convention on the Rights of the Child and Convention against Torture).
A vote was taken by show of hands.
First, emphasis is placed on the quality and availability of health services.
There are 28,523 women (29.3 per cent) out of 143 teachers.
Some reproductive health targets included in the Ninth Plan and the Second Long-term Health Plan are presented below (table 8).
Therefore, the population is informed and educated up to family level on women's health in order to encourage the use of health services through information, education and communication programmes (IEC), with the assistance of the media, women's volunteer health workers and health personnel.
All formal credit institutions require tangible guarantees for lending.
SAARC summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Human beings throughout their history have never had to face such a challenge.
Liechtenstein welcomes this development and participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking in persons and smuggling of migrants.
In Cambodia, the joint efforts of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including people living with HIV/AIDS, attracted attention and were recognized by the international community as a result of their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, production, acquisition, transfer, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, in order to justify their opposition to the elaboration of a remote sensing convention, argue that resolution 41/65 is still a useful tool, since it outlines two principles that they consider to be priority:
Rape was used with impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terrorize the enemy population.
Ten years ago, violence against women was a totally ignored issue.
States should implement General Assembly resolution 57/179 on measures to eliminate crimes against women committed in the name of honour and on intensifying efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes through legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur calls for the establishment of an ombudsman or other monitoring and discipline mechanism in all peace support operations.
This chapter provides an overview of the obligations of transnational corporations under international human rights law with respect to respect for the right to food.
These are clear violations of the right to food, as well as deliberate destruction of schools and health stations in many regions, which is a clear violation of the rights to education and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 2003)1
While the situation in the Georgian economy had improved somewhat in recent years, it remained extremely worrying, with a heavy external debt and a real unemployment rate exceeding 12 per cent (official figure).
Accordingly, they were confident that Georgia's non-payment of the amount required under Article 19 and, even less, its failure to comply with its commitments under the three previous payment plans was due to conditions beyond its control.
The Global Programme against Money-Laundering participated in an assessment of offshore financial activities in the British Virgin Islands conducted under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 12 to 22 November 2002.
Actions planned for 2003 and beyond include: improving national health and family life skills; strategic planning of the adolescent and youth component of the national HIV/AIDS strategy; and supporting this component and promoting a rights-based approach to orphans;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission had adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and had taken note with appreciation of the report of the Working Group on its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This outcome is the product of your abilities and effectiveness — qualities you have shown throughout your diplomatic career, both in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and here in the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has made efforts over the years to increase the focus on TCDC within its programme of work by using both its regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Brunei Police Force, in close cooperation and coordination with other national law enforcement agencies, is working with States in the region where the exchange of information and other operations can take place under similar conditions.
Since the negotiations on this international instrument were concluded at the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, my delegation has the honour to request that item 108 of the agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “Crime prevention and criminal justice”, be considered in plenary session, and that this should be done only for the adoption of the draft United Nations Convention against Corruption in due course for the Conference.
to the Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Renewing the United Nations: a programme of reform”;
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125]8.
Progressive development of the principles and norms of international law relating to the new international economic order [P.150].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group had resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002, and had again addressed general issues concerning its scope of application (see A/CN.9/527, paras.
Paragraph 2
Norway generally supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
The clarity with which they are part and parcel of the efforts of African countries and the support provided by the international community and the United Nations system provides an easy understanding of the seriousness of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is essential and urgent.
That would also be in keeping with the interests of the majority of Member States, which lacked sufficient staffing resources to examine all the activities of the United Nations in detail.
The first consolidated biennial report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16) informed the Commission on Narcotic Drugs of the decline in global opium production, from about 20,000 tons a year at the beginning of the twentieth century to less than one third of that volume in 2000.
Africa provided 24 replies (21.4 per cent), the Americas 20 (17.9 per cent), Asia 32 (28.6 per cent), Europe 34 (30 per cent) and Oceania 2 (1.8 per cent).
Financing alternative development and eradication of illicit drug crops and mobilizing resources for that purpose
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
This is really a situation where everyone is losing; in his report, the Secretary-General explains why, in his view, this opportunity has been missed, and I will not attempt to do so.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
There are 14 public primary schools and four public secondary schools.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative of section 35 (Common for Development) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries rely primarily on PRSPs.
The border is thus already determined, further strengthened by Security Council resolution 1507 (2003), which calls on both parties to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The Kosovo Serb positions in the municipal structures of Lipljan (Pristina region) remained vacant, with no qualified candidates being nominated.
Kosovo Serb representatives from five municipalities, namely, Kosovo Polje, Lipljan and Obilic (in the Pristina region), Novo Brdo (Gnjilane region) and Zvecan (Mitrovica region), complained about difficulties in accessing judicial institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) national economic stability and decision-making; (b) commitment and commitment by Governments to address environmental management issues and promote prevention and mitigation of environmental damage through the advice and assistance of UNEP; and (c) voluntary contributions.
(iii) Technical equipment: a database and an electronic forum on best practices in the social and environmental liability of Internet-accessible companies (1); information advisory services (information clearing houses) on persistent organic pollutants, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); online database on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable development (1); information clearing house and website of the Global Network on Energy for Sustainable Development (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive programme of socio-economic and political development in the continent, and it is for that to be addressed from a comprehensive perspective.
Interdependence of democracy and human rights 143
Recognizing the important role of women in the reconciliation process and in the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and exercised without discrimination of any kind;
Recommends the following draft decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Stressing the importance of fully implementing the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS, “Global Crisis and Global Response”, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001, at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note of:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, in order to improve its efficiency and effectiveness and to facilitate her access to the information she needs to carry out her functions, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their possible mechanisms for the promotion of women's human rights;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, United Nations organs, programmes and specialized agencies, as well as international and non-governmental organizations, to indicate the steps they have taken to promote and implement, as appropriate, the guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights, as well as the present resolution, and to submit an interim report to the General Assembly, in consultation with relevant stakeholders, for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Calls upon States to pay particular attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account that girls and boys can be exposed to different types of risks;
Notes with satisfaction that the General Assembly has affirmed that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous people is one of the main objectives of the Decade, and calls for the speedy completion of the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee on derogations from the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights during a state of emergency,
Staff of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the rule of law, including by working with international donors to train law enforcement officials, who are committed to protecting and defending human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take steps to improve access to justice, as well as to implement prison reform measures to bring it into conformity with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43, paragraph 2, of the Convention, which brings the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child from 10 to 18, expressing the hope that this amendment will enable the Committee to carry out effectively the new tasks related to the follow-up to the two Optional Protocols to the Convention, and also hoping that the Committee will finish its work late,
(g) To afford one another the greatest possible measure of assistance in any investigation, criminal proceedings or extradition proceedings relating to the offences referred to in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including for obtaining evidence at their disposal necessary for the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
Also at the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally introduced the proposed amendments (E/CN.4/2003/L.77) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.2, by inserting, before paragraph 1, two new paragraphs reading:
Discrimination in the criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the proposed amendment (E/CN.4/2003/L.103) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.66, sponsored by Cuba.
Eritrea and Malaysia subsequently joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised operative paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, paras.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women are more than men, the age gap, and that the status of older women worldwide needs to be a priority,
It was understood that if reimbursement was calculated on the basis of a standard rate, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for the costs associated with their participation in a United Nations peacekeeping force.
The Committee had discussions with the Secretariat on the matter in order to ensure that, in future, it would be provided with the detailed information relevant to the simplified approach.
According to additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had scheduled 46 aircraft for 2002/03: 22 helicopters and 24,680 flying hours and 24 fixed-wing aircraft and 39,700 flying hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened at 10 a.m. on 3 February 2003 by Mr. David Anderson, President of the Governing Council at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chaskalson announced that, at the request of UNEP, a judges advisory committee had been established to deepen cooperation between UNEP and the judiciary.
By a note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted Member States and received the following proposals in writing:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures are one of the main obstacles to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
Replace Gg CO2 equivalent by Gg
Frequently, “repeer churches” are involved in maintaining this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore not in a position to provide information on the fate or whereabouts of the persons concerned.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, of which 318 were clarified on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 on the basis of information provided by the source.
A few cases involved persons who were reportedly arrested at checkpoints by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000, or abducted by Hizbullah and transferred to the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group again transmitted two updated cases on the basis of further information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our congratulations and appreciation to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barthelemy, who, through their dedication and availability, honour the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $766,000 reflects requirements for meetings of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender statistics, other measurable aspects of socio-economic life and the application of information technology;
During this raid, two Palestinians, including a 15-year-old boy, Mohammed Rabie Saber, were killed.
Developments in the peace process
However, between the months of July and September 2002, certain utterly condemnable acts committed by the regular armed forces caused the death of a considerable number of civilians, including the elderly, women and children whose responsibility for the conflict was far from proven.
One member from Eastern European States;
Noting that, as some Parties have submitted their notifications late or have not submitted, and that delays have occurred in the conduct of in-depth reviews, the assessment of implementation has been hindered,
It is expected that their implementation will continue to raise issues in the future, as it will take time to change the financial management culture and focus on outputs and outcomes rather than inputs and planning.
It was regrettable that the goals of the Programme of Action were not generally met, leaving the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance to affect the lives of millions of people around the world.
They may do so in writing at any time.
C. Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee is concerned that the rights contained in the Covenant are not sufficiently protected in respect of a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party seek international assistance for the effective functioning of the Public Defender's Office.
The Committee also commends the State party for its efforts to make public the results of its interaction with United Nations human rights treaty bodies, including by making it possible to consult their reports on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and by translating the concluding observations into Estonian.
With regard to the general comment, he felt that the focus should be on gender equality.
Individuals and groups should have full and equal access to water, water and environmental information available to public authorities or third parties.
Operation “A package for a peacekeeper” made it possible to send 15,000 packages to peacekeepers on mission in Bosnia and Lebanon at the time of the year's end holidays.
Reiterates its call upon the parties to redouble their efforts to take confidence-building measures and to contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Rwanda, Tonga, Uganda, Uzbekistan.
In particular, a set of documents should be prepared:
A collective approach and spirit have emerged.
We will achieve these goals only by facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, raising awareness of the dangers posed by mines, destroying stockpiled mines, providing assistance to victims, facilitating their social reintegration and convincing new States to formally accede to the Convention and comply with its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political necessity of the Ottawa Convention as a means of significantly improving the lives of the people of many countries seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also presented a synthesis of the evolution of the role of the Special Unit for TCDC and described some of the adjustments resulting from it to its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) Is the accomplice of a person who commits or attempts to commit one of these acts.
1 bis.
If the author's manslaughter is committed when he leads a vehicle in a state of hell, using drugs or medicines that usurp his personality, or in a situation that compromises or limits his mental, sensational or physical capacities, the penalty of imprisonment which he is liable to is twice that applied to him in the absence of such circumstances.
Each of the cases reviewed and the arguments heard, the Chairman sends the procurement recommendations for approval to the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) The holding of the nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee in Brazzaville from 14 to 17 May 2003;
Convinced of the need to make every effort to contribute in an effective and coordinated manner to meeting the challenge of the removal of anti-personnel mines scattered around the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition, the social security courses provided for in the LGS are intended for young people who enter the labour market without having completed their training.
Social security coverage included in the Spanish system
The beneficiaries of the pension are surviving spouses and separated or divorced spouses, or whose marriage has been declared invalid.
For that reason, facilitating access to decent housing is thus a principle that must guide public action.
(c) Management and resolution of personalized economic assistance files related to protected housing and protection measures for rehabilitation;
In these agreements, central and self-governing governments retain their respective normative competencies, which they exercise in a concerted manner to achieve the cultural purpose of the conventions, which is funded in proportion to or in accordance with the amount granted.
A solution may be to provide culturally appropriate education to children from early age and to raise awareness about gender in order to promote a new culture that promotes common action against HIV/AIDS and improvement in the economic and social conditions of all.
The rule in the Barcelona Traction case stems from the general principles of the law of corporations recognized by civilized nations and not from customary international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule set out in the Barcelona Traction case led States to resort to bilateral investment treaties, which allow investors to settle their disputes with the host State before resorting to ad hoc arbitral tribunals or the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes, established by the Convention for the Settlement of Investment Disputes between States and Nationals of Other States.
Barcelona Traction Authority
In the Delagoa Bay case, the United Kingdom and the United States strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when they intervened to protect their nationals who were shareholders in a Portuguese company to which Portugal itself had caused injury, but the arbitral tribunal seized of the dispute had jurisdiction only to determine the amount of compensation to be awarded.
Therefore, a corporation cannot change its nationality for the purposes of diplomatic protection by changing its social place, domicile or place of control.
Ibid., p. 2.
“The Court notes from the outset that the complainants do not complain of a violation of their rights as shareholders in the brasserie Fix, such as those in the General Assembly and voting.
Mutual legal assistance shall be granted as far as possible as the relevant laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the requested State Party permit, in the course of investigations, prosecutions and judicial proceedings in respect of offences for which a legal person may be held liable in the requesting State Party, in accordance with article [...] [Liability of legal persons] of this Convention.
(c) The full or partial allocation of the value of such proceeds or property or of funds from their sale to the reduction of the multilateral debt of the requesting State Party.
]
Addition proposed by Ukraine.
The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon are as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural youth around the world, FAO also emphasizes in its programmes, projects and activities the importance of close family ties and the protection of the great family values.
Although the situation of these people has changed somewhat following the recent conflict, some families have been able to return to their homes, resettlement of internally displaced persons remains a major humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional arrangements in the field of human rights continues to facilitate efforts on both sides and that opportunities exist for increased cooperation,
Education and diplomas
Publications
- Aspects of the rights of contingent soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Concern was expressed about reports of so many external factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/OC.263) from Inocencio Arias, Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a follow-up interim report pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) of 8 July 2002.
In that sense, I would like to repeat it, the capacity of the Secretariat should be strengthened and all lessons learned from the success of the expert groups.
Needless to say, my delegation fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcello Spatafora, who spoke so eloquently on behalf of the European Union.
Since I also represent the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan in today's debate, I would like to emphasize the decisive and encouraging role played by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: Postgraduate studies in political science at the University of Sacré-Cister in Milan
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers arriving without authorization on Christmas Island, the Cocos Islands and Ashmore Islands have been returned to Nauru and the Isle of Manus in Papua New Guinea, where they would be accommodated in detention centres pending a decision on their asylum applications;
Given the signs in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we are confident that the preparatory process, as well as the conference, will be completed.
As we have stated on many occasions, we fully support the regional approach to issues related to the Great Lakes region, and hence the importance of appropriate preparations for this international conference.
The Committee on Treaty Issues has made some progress, including a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, but various policy issues have made real progress.
In previous negotiations under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denktash, as part of a comprehensive package, agreed that the Turkish Cypriot State was situated in that area.
The concrete results in the area of gender equality did not seem to correspond to the number of measures taken or the political will of the Government of Canada; she therefore wondered whether the Government had any new ideas to move forward.
More comprehensive information should be provided on the services to which women have access, the financing of women's organizations and policies for women, the persons or agencies responsible for such efforts and the measures taken in cooperation.
OIOS rightly points out that the centres in the second centres need to be managed differently from those in the first, where access to the Internet and libraries is not problematic.
Ms. Afifi (Morocco) said that it was very important for the Organization to have in place internal control mechanisms to detect irregularities and recommend solutions.
What is important is to detect such transgressions as soon as possible and to prevent their proliferation.
The proposed issues will be added to the list contained in the report of the third meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.4.2 Vote aerosols shall be classified as flammable, highly inflammable or ininflammable in accordance with the following criteria:
The indigenous youth movement has emphasized the revitalization of indigenous languages.
He does not obey any rule and seems to be determined to fulfil his declared intentions despite international condemnation.
We have also noted that, in defiance of the will of the international community, it continues to build a expansionist wall, usurping Palestinian land and preventing the Palestinians from living normal.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the authority to undertake this vital task.
Underlining the importance of education in the promotion of tolerance by accepting and respecting diversity, and that education, in particular in schools, should make a useful contribution to promoting tolerance and the elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 calling for the mechanisms necessary to enable its associate members, including the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories, to participate, subject to the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, in special sessions of the Assembly, which would be devoted to the review and appraisal of the implementation of the plans of action of the United Nations world conferences in which those States participated,
The value of an indicator on deposit guarantee mechanisms is easily explained, as the public considers that banks are not companies like others.
One of these steps was the establishment of a system for gathering information on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization agrees to accept the statute of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Néstor Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
There is a need to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system, and we must also strengthen the role of our international Organization as coordinator of the efforts of the international community in support of the affected countries, taking into account the priorities set by the authorities of those States themselves.
The necessary legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities for disaster preparedness and management, including the transfer of responsibility for disaster management from military to civilian control.
The first regular session of the UNDP/UNFPA Executive Board for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters in New York from 20 to 23 January.
He stressed that full cost recovery was a fundamental need for the UNOPS business model.
They wished him a happy retirement.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and curfews in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would allow the programme to move beyond its objectives.
It urges them not to recruit children as soldiers or auxiliaries, nor even to interfere with them in armed conflict.
Notes with satisfaction the success of the pilot project on the development of an international radio broadcasting capacity for the United Nations, and endorses the Secretary-General's proposal that the pilot project be an integral part of the Department's activities;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide free public access to the United Nations Official Document System through connectivity to the United Nations website, to be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Suppl.
On a more encouraging note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all the official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group, and stressed the need for that to continue.
It was noted that much could be learned from existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Basel Convention website (www.based.int).
At its 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on this agenda item on the basis of the draft contained in the relevant conference room paper, as orally amended.
(a) Undertake and supervise concrete activities of the project on priority areas, in particular the production, movement and environmentally sound management of wastes, as well as the active promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, France, Gabon, Germany, Guatemala, India, Ireland, Japan, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Sweden, Syrian Arab Republic, Uganda, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
The French version of the UNGEGN information kit had been published.
The Conference began its consideration of agenda item 21 (Adoption of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before proceeding further and adopting the final text of its draft report.
Noting also the essential role played by the present United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and the sessions of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During his meeting with local NGOs, the expert's attention was again drawn to the need to provide uniforms and training to the police.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on forest products production, consumption and trade (1); database on forest resources (1); database on assistance to countries with economies in transition in the forest sector (1); maintenance of a web site providing documentation on meetings, excerpts of publications and information on timber-related activities (1);
The Special Rapporteur received detailed information on child trafficking and child prostitution, including information on the challenges of children, Government ministries, police, including the Central Office for the Suppression of Human Trafficking and the Juvenile Protection Brigade, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For meetings of the governing bodies and for other intergovernmental meetings, the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly adhered to, unless otherwise decided by the participants; if the secretariats are not in a position to provide pre-session documents in all languages for reasons beyond their control, they should, on an exceptional basis, submit them provisionally in the form of abbreviated or summary summaries in the languages concerned, with time limits;
Although the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that it did not use the term “official languages”, [signalons] [may be stressed] that, when the WIPO General Assembly considered a report entitled “Utilization of Portuguese as the WIPO working language” (WO/GA/26/1), at its September-October 2000 session, WIPO recalled the decision of the “Guidance” at that session.
Such an exercise could be carried out as part of an inventory of the language knowledge of staff, which should itself be part of the periodic data provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or on human resources management.
It is also true that the time frame for translation is in addition to the normal time frame for implementation.
For example, the peer review process of the Development Assistance Committee of the Economic Cooperation Organization could be expanded to include trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed in the Human Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement comprehensive research programmes, including on human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention with a view to changing stereotypical attitudes about the roles of men and women, and in particular to promote acceptance of the idea that children's education is a social responsibility of both mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators to reflect school dropout and teenage pregnancy in national fertility surveys had been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that it had expressed following its consideration of the third periodic report concerning the law on the time limit of 300 days imposed on a widow or divorced woman before remarriage.
The Committee recommends that the State party take further measures to facilitate the reconciliation of family and work responsibilities and to promote equitable sharing of domestic and family responsibilities between women and men.
The Committee is concerned about the lack of systematic data collection on violence against women, including domestic violence.
According to the Banking Act (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) A fine of $500,000 if it is a legal person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press release on the exchange of correspondence regarding the visits of Argentina to South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, in which they stated, inter alia:
The facts and history of the contracts relating to the project were set out in paragraphs 304 to 312.
This amount includes (a) USD 2,300,392 for work performed and materials allegedly delivered at the project site and (b) USD 1,457,674 for retention monies.
The evidence shows that the work to which the last decompers (desk 47 and 61) were performed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation of the departure of its employees from Iraq, for which project assets were left unguarded.
No other deduction was made after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Iraqi Customs authorities never cancelled the remaining portion of the fines (IQD 348,000) that they had imposed on the Consortium.
In short, the Committee expects to shorten these reports and recommendations, wherever possible, and thus reduce the cost of translating them.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
Furthermore, with regard to the follow-up to the major United Nations conferences and summits, the Council must play a central role in monitoring concrete progress towards the various goals of those conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which Heads of State and Government pledged to make every effort to ensure the entry into force of the Kyoto Protocol and to begin to implement the prescribed reductions in greenhouse gas emissions,
That suggestion had not been accepted, but it was to be hoped that the authors would wish to consider whether a less frequent review would not be sufficient in the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of the Interior and Spatial Planning of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed in the Executive Council to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore intended to provide the Committee with the necessary resources to carry out its tasks.
There can be no justification, in any way, for this smuggling, whose repercussions are still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to promoting the equitable use of ocean resources and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to the follow-up to the Millennium Summit, mention should be made of the Secretary-General's observation in his report that the goals could be achieved if we maintain and build on the momentum of the past three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, there can be no more important or noble goal than poverty eradication.
One death under suspicious conditions that were not clarified was registered in the Mape detention camp, where Liberian combatants seeking refuge in Sierra Leone are immobilized.
The recovery of heavy weapons began in Mazar-e-Sharif, but the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration pilot phase will start only in early January in order to allow sufficient time to verify the four divisions in the area, as well as the 2,000 soldiers and officers expected to participate in the operation, twice as much as at the Konduz and Gardez pilot stages.
However, these means should not be available before the beginning of the summer of 2004, when five provincial reconstruction teams in the north of the country are expected to come under ISAF leadership.
Activities for which larger core resources should be made include:
UNIFEM strategies
Ten-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on women, peace and security (S/2002/1154); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Experts Assessment on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Role in Peace-building (UNIFEM, 2002); Not a minute to lose to end violence against many other initiatives (UNIFEM, 2003).
The Panel is of the view that these illegal imports of Serbian weapons have significantly increased the fire power of the Government of Liberia in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations agencies are currently developing five regional offices in Saclepea (Nimba County), Voinjama (Lofa County), Gbarnga-Phebe (Bong County), Harper ( Maryland County) and Zwedru (Grandedeh County), from which they provide humanitarian assistance within the country.
Charles Taylor exercised control over all high-profit, lawful or illicit industries in Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral agencies
The weakening of Islamist groups would be due to the improvement of the economic situation, the opportunities offered by power, social resistance, especially those of elites seeking freedom and democracy, but also to the actions of the law enforcement agencies, both and so very well that they appear to have lost their attractiveness among many young people.
Today, according to the Ministry of Religious Affairs, there are 11,941 working mosques, of which 1,840 are being completed and 1,079 are being implemented.
Working papers prepared by major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report to the Commission on the work of the Committee on Energy at its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) ESCWA member States will support efforts to promote the use of information and communication technologies in order to improve competitiveness and productivity; (b) there will be sufficient information technology infrastructure and applications to support networking and networking; and (c) member States will make recommendations to the World Summit.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam was a religion of tolerance; the Shari'a was perfectly compatible with human rights.
In particular, it was intended to define effective filtering and run-off, since the combination of the problem was high.
In collaboration with researchers in the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (United States) and the Imperial College in London, the Natural History Museum continued to evaluate in situ analysis techniques of particles trapped in a steel terminal of silice.
The main development challenges should be linked to the seizure equipment, its attitude and orbit correction system and its guidance, navigation and control elements, which are necessary for the secure approach to uncontrolled and unpredictable objects.
At least two break-ups (an Ekran satellite and titan gun) occurred in the geostationary orbit, but the corresponding fragments were not identified, which means that their orbits are unknown.
Item 3.
“The Security Council supports the commitment of the Afghanistan Interim Administration to eliminate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement the decrees prohibiting the cultivation, production and processing of opium poppy, including illicit drug trafficking and drug abuse.
The list of issues was presented by the author during UNCTAD's 2002 meeting in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not contradictory but rather complementary and interdependent.
• Regional security concerns
Minimum requirements for medically assisted treatment of drug abusers
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9, 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered quadrennial reports deferred from previous sessions under agenda item 4.
The secretariat would prepare a draft letter-holder, to be circulated to the members of the working group.
In terms of content development, emphasis is placed on the design of products and services in languages, materials and presentations that allow for optimal dissemination and use by broadcasters and users.
• In order to expand its outreach, the regional information centre will work closely with the resident coordinator offices in countries where they exist and can forge partnerships with national institutions and organizations, such as United Nations Associations.
Phase 2 ended on 4 February 2002 with the entry into operation of the new multilingual system, which fully utilizes the multilingual capacities of the Lotus Notes environment, allowing users to choose among the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity as to the law and practice governing police custody, the length of police custody and access to counsel during police custody.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Consultative Commission on Human Rights to function in accordance with the Principles relating to the status of national institutions for the promotion and protection of human rights (“Paris Principles”), as set out in General Assembly resolution 48/134.
Information on measures taken by the authorities to prosecute perpetrators of trafficking, as well as more specific information on the number of victims and the number of children who have benefited from protection, repatriation and reintegration measures, should be included in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements and the biennial support budget are fully in line with the quadrennial period.
Ms. Shin congratulated Mexico for having organized the first World Conference on Women in 1975 and had ratified the Convention and the Optional Protocol very soon.
Gender equality was of particular importance in economic and social development.
Therefore, the main objectives of UNISPACE III were:
The Ministry of Justice received requests for registration from more than 100 parties.
Examples of initiatives to strengthen the capacities of LDCs for the implementation of the principles of good governance include the funding by the United Kingdom Department for International Development of a programme of local governance reforms in the United Republic of Tanzania; the support of the G-8 for the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which includes 34 LDCs; Italy's participation in the African Regional Aid Centre; and the technical assistance initiative.
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example — have announced additional debt relief and, in view of the shortfall in the HIPC Trust Fund reserves, some have decided to increase their contributions to the Fund, and the Government of Morocco has announced the cancellation of the debt of African LDCs and their openness to their exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his latest report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), as well as the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
Relations with Jakarta have been standardized; militia members in West Timor seem to be largely demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to emphasize that, as the Secretary-General rightly said, the sustained stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of the Timorese leadership to the rule of law and its continued efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism has been installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly Hall to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
The general debate will be webcast live and archived for viewing at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity to which the Turkish representative referred was only one, and I now use the terminology of the European Code of Human Rights and subordinate administration, local of Turkey, and nothing else.
The European Anti-racism Football Network also organizes, on an annual basis, in Monecchio, Italy, the Anti-racism World Cup, a cultural and sporting event that brings together non-European artists and footballs belonging to migrant communities.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Panel discussion on “Reducing the risks of biological weapons”
Article 34
(b) If both spouses are staff members of the Secretariat, only one of the members of the couple may be eligible for dependent children under subparagraph (a) (i) and (ii) above, the other may then rely on the provisions of subparagraph (a) (iii) of subparagraph (a) above if otherwise eligible;
The consideration of this issue has led to a discussion of measures to increase transparency in small arms and light weapons.
Given the importance of partnership in implementing sustainable development programmes, the meeting called for more such initiatives and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II to the Staff Regulations — education grant and special education grant
Annex III
Matters relating to registries under Article 7, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions on the Middle East of the 2000 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons;
Deeply concerned about discrimination against and violations of the rights of the girl child, all of which often reduce their access to education, adequate nutrition and physical and mental health care, reduce their access to the rights, opportunities and benefits of childhood and adolescence, and often suffer from various forms of cultural, social, sexual and psychological exploitation,
Stressing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should constitute the standard for the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, and conscious of the importance of the Optional Protocols to the Convention, which cover children involved in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing, ratifying or acceding to the Optional Protocols to the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography,3 and urges them to implement them fully;
Convinced that collective action was yielding better results, she believed that all nations in a position to do so should contribute to their capacity, which was not the case today.
These are data management and mine action standards.
I do not intend to prejudge the intentions of the high-level panel of eminent persons on United Nations reform, but I believe that the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is considered in peacekeeping mandates and, if any, included.
See generally Best Practices in Poverty Reduction: An Analytical Framework, Else Øyer (ed.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, at the earliest possible date of the closure of the session of the Commission, chapter II of the report of the Commission containing summaries of the work of the session, chapter III containing the points on which comments of States would be of particular interest to the Commission, and the draft articles adopted by the Commission on first and second reading;
During the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers pledged, under the Charter, to ensure that the Territories under their administration reached an appropriate level of self-government.
The Chairman: If no other delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee shall hold, in 2003, from within existing resources, at least one session of 10 working days prior to the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
One outcome of the meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation policies and legislation.
A 7), chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is today in the urgent need of assistance and support from the international community.
Saint Lucia, as President of this Assembly, is establishing a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the competent support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What is the result of this in the agony and emerging industries of poor countries?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that what happened in Iraq — yesterday's atrocities, reconstruction today — is a tragic historic event and that the international community must promote that reconstruction and be with us at this time.
Mr. Hu paid tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that, although China had not signed it, it had not prevented it from engaging and cooperating with the signatory countries.
Of the 250,000 persons who have died in war-related circumstances since 1989, at least half of them are civilians non-combatants.
(f) Facilitate the free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and goods throughout Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In the event of an infringement of the rights of women of any kind in employment, the person concerned has the right to apply to the court in accordance with the Code of Civil Procedure.
There are several non-governmental organizations working on family planning issues in Latvia.
Despite these efforts, the Panel has been handicapped in its work by a number of factors, including its low staffing, the limited operating budget, and the division of the country, as well as by the alignment of many media outlets with the positions of one or the other camp and the fragmented nature of information infrastructure outside the capital.
Despite this, the Assembly has always been hard to refute the accusation that it fails to fulfil its mandate under the Charter of the United Nations.
It is therefore encouraging — given the commitment to complete phase II of the weapons disposal plan before 24 December 2002, as envisaged — to note that the Action Plan for completing weapons collection was adopted at the Buka meeting on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key to progress in the peace process, in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998 on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 57/291 of 20 December 2002,
In this case, it is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by an international organization, within its competence and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
Naturally, this must be done under the supervision of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): Let me begin by thanking you, Mr. President, for convening this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that we must act with caution.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal is prepared to help the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, to the best of their means by providing troops and other resources.
The Committee's recommendations complement the efforts of intergovernmental bodies and processes, including the high-level conferences and summits held since the last report was submitted in 2001, such as the World Summit on Sustainable Development, held in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development, held in Monterrey in March 2002.
Because of their geographical and economic isolation and marginalization, they are often more vulnerable than others to violence, especially domestic violence, and trafficking.
Africa II Division
Fourteen countries received assistance of $4 million or more.
Members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was indispensable, and that Angola should work to address specific humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea): Thank you, Mr. President, for convening this meeting.
I think that from the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly well placed to develop and strengthen the technical capacity of Bougainville to the extent of its technical and other expertise.
With the support of the Yugoslav People's Army, Serbian forces have taken control of parts of Western Slavonia and Eastern Slavonia, eventually bringing these territories into one State, the “Republika Republika Srpska Krajina”.
Combating desertification is an important element of sustainable development in addition to being an environmental problem.
Such cooperation brings together individuals and enterprises in developing countries and helps attract domestic and foreign investment for the strengthening and modernization of productive capacities, which increases the competitive position of the manufacturing sector in developing countries.
For our part, Jordan rejects all evil lies and sinister campaigns aimed at denigrating Arabs and Muslims by labelling them as terrorists.
There is, behind the discussions that took place before the war and are still fuelling controversy, an acute malaise of power distribution on the international scene that emerged after the cold war.
Suicide attacks targeting innocent civilians must end, and the occupation of Arab lands must cease.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly regain its primacy in the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council be more visible and relevant to ordinary people.
Stresses the need to establish a transitional administration in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations and governed by the United Nations, in order to ensure stability and create the conditions for sustainable peace and respect for human rights.
As for the follow-up to paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future courses would be attended by more participants should be welcomed.
The review process was not intended to renegotiate the Bangkok Plan of Action.
There was general agreement that policy indicators, whether at the national or international levels, were more difficult to define than indicators for achieving concrete results, such as certain types of technical assistance.
As part of the establishment of new mechanisms, the issue of stable flows should be given sufficient attention.
Such errors noted in the report, which might seem superficial, were indeed serious and fundamental if they were to be placed in a political context.
He wished to warn the representative in question that, whatever the historical alings he chose to make, he should be careful to compare the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been exterminated, with current political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
H. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and admission of observers 29 - 30 7
Decides to amend the statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, effective 1 January 2004:
Assistance to developing countries in their multilateral trade negotiations on services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution had been recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General hereby transmits to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization in response to Economic and Social Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998 and 53/200 of 15 December 1998.
It also involved several ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of leading industrial associations and non-governmental groups.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) When transactions have been conducted with or by natural or legal persons residing in countries that do not cooperate with the International Financial Action Task Force (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, established the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa in Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and at the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, environmentally sound social and economic policies, democratic institutions responsive to the needs of people, the supremacy of law, anti-corruption measures, gender equality and an investment climate are the basis for sustainable development and are essential for the provision of adequate housing as a component of the right to life;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is due to the gradual drawdown of the civilian police force from 3,055 in July 2004 to 2, 195 in June 2005.
The report concluded that the combination of evaluation based on diverse assessments and a multisectoral approach was productive.
Emphasizes that all future and existing peacekeeping missions shall be given equal and non-discriminatory treatment in respect of financial and administrative arrangements;
The members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (Oman), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Malevich (Belarus), Vice-Chairperson-cum-Rapporteur.
Insolvency proceedings law
I would also like to express our thanks to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his extremely useful comments on the contribution of ECOSOC to the peace process.
Model provision 51 was approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations at the nineteenth session of the Programme and Budget Committee, the Director-General entrusted the Director-General of the Programme Development and Technical Cooperation Division with the task of further developing evaluation and appropriate performance indicators.
Before replicating it in other integrated programmes and adopting this combined approach as UNIDO's model methodology, the indicator framework is being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions to be adopted by the Council
Annex II
The Hydril's claim concerns six contracts with INOC for the sale of items for use in oil fields in Iraq.
Although the basis for such comparisons was not ideal, as had already been mentioned, evidence to show that UNIDO had a disproportionate responsibility for managing all the buildings at the Vienna International Centre was sufficiently convincing.
NEPAD promotes the creation of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations was clearly tantamount to the late formulation of a reservation, and that was why the restrictions adopted in the latter case (guidelines 2.3.1 to 2.3.3) should be transposed to the case of an assessment of the scope of reservations, which reflected the current practice, including the practice of the latter, including the practice of the reservation.
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposed a definition of objections taking into account theoretical considerations and the study of practice.
When the landfills are properly sealed, the risk of infiltration of hydrocarbons into the underlying waters is minimal.
Please describe any legislative and/or administrative measures taken to implement this travel ban.
The procedures for the import and export of arms are dealt with in the replies to questions 22 and 23 and any activity other than those provided for in those procedures is considered to be an offence under the criminal law applicable in that case.
Outer space:
A list of space systems for sustainable development is provided in table 1.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): For 11 years, the General Assembly of the United Nations has adopted annual resolutions calling upon all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and to abide by the principles contained in international legal instruments, by repealing or invalidating all laws and measures with extraterritorial effects, which affect the sovereignty of other States, the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction.
Castro remains stubbornly opposed to any political opening and continues to deny the Cuban people the most basic rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Asset Disposal Unit would be expected to evolve with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council on the question
Upon arrival at 0910 hours, the inspectors met with the Director of the warehouses to which they raised questions about the activities carried out at those sites, the types of medicines and diagnostic equipment stored, the company's structure and the names of its main managers, and asked whether vaccines had been imported and distributed and whether changes had taken place in the past four years.
A ceiling of 24 per cent and a floor rate of 0.01 per cent will be used in the preparation of the scale of assessments of States Parties for the budget of the Tribunal (see para.
At the Twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was agreed that the Tribunal should continue to proceed in accordance with its current practice with respect to staff assessment, pending a decision based on a detailed proposal to be submitted by the Tribunal to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the Act provides for separate protection for persons who organize or participate in the strike, provided that the movement is organized in accordance with due process of law.
Equal access to public higher education allows high school students who wish to pursue their education by encouraging them to achieve good results at secondary level.
As a result, phenomena such as soil erosion and the extinction of plant and animal species in certain environments (forests, rivers and lakes) could hinder the harmonious development of Montenegro, which means, in turn, that the current level of poverty is likely to continue.
The Employment Act was passed in 2002 and its implementation is ongoing.
Under ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 concerning Social Security (Minimum Standards), insured persons who have contributed for less than 20 years are entitled to retire at the age of 65 for men and 60 for women after 15 years of contributions.
See table 18, annex.
The European Union stresses the importance of the rapid deployment of the international stabilization force/internal force.
Have you encountered any enforcement problems related to the names and identification information currently on the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly*
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Non-Applicability of Statutory Limitations to War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity of 26 November 1968 should be able, in that case, to apply unreservedly in the same manner as those, when justified, of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have internationally defined safeguards for the protection of children, but they remain unimplemented.
That attitude should be reversed by the Security Council, because it is cynical, anachronistic and constitutes an act of violation of the agreed ceasefire and truce.
Concerned about the fate of many Kuwaitis and third-country nationals reported missing since 2 August 1990,
(We hope that the principle of gender equality will be implemented.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly
The discussion of this topic today is therefore an absolute necessity and is very much about it.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement in explanation of position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear any objection, I shall put the draft resolution to the vote now.
Under sub-item 117 (b):
The Panel also reviewed a number of claims for industrial or business losses allegedly incurred by claimants as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
b Excluding an amount of USD 2,174,379.83 for business losses suffered by Kuwaiti companies, for which the “E4” Panels will be reviewed in accordance with Governing Council decision 123.
Stresses the need to fight for wider acceptance, for the operationalization and realization of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to formulate the necessary actions and to establish the measures required for the implementation of the right to development as a fundamental human right;
Human rights developments since the signing of the Peace Agreements
Therefore, the next Government urgently needs to build on the successes of police, judges, prosecutors and human rights activists whose dedication and courage are the foundation of the reform.
There is still no comprehensive global definition of universal human rights obligations that correspond to the right to education.
Truth about the events of Khodjali
This reference to international organizations prompted the inclusion in article 2, paragraph 1 (i), of the following definition for the purposes of the Convention:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered the forward and introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Introduction)).
In order to examine the new priorities, it was necessary first to identify outdated activities.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections were held in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly, which established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of 1983, which currently governs the institutional life of the nation.
Decisions on the next meeting of the Committee on Budget and Finance, including dates and venue.
Improving and modernizing the conference facilities of the United Nations Office at Nairobi in order to enable it to accommodate adequately major meetings and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance of the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination, as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and embodied in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “National research on space debris, safety of space objects with nuclear power sources and problems relating to their collision with space debris” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on “Perspectives on the use of nuclear power sources in outer space” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.265/Add.1).
Space object function: The satellite is used for commercial telecommunications and defence purposes.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet done so to impose on financial institutions the appropriate implementation of comprehensive precautionary and vigilance programmes that can promote transparency and prevent the placement of illicitly acquired funds;
We highly appreciate the initiative of the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global assessment mechanism for the marine environment, based on a previous General Assembly resolution, resolution 57/141, and the report of the Secretary-General this year, which is now reflected in draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a mechanism for transparent and regular inter-agency cooperation and coordination within the United Nations system to fill the gap left by the abolition of the Subcommittee on Oceans and Coastal Areas.
In ratifying the Convention, we affirmed our belief in the application of the rule of law to the world's oceans.
The results of the project, including specific recommendations on minimizing risks to biodiversity resulting from mining activities to the ocean funds, will be forwarded by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the increase in the base/floor salary scale, the Commission noted that the issue of possible changes to staff assessment rates to address imbalances in the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the United Nations Secretariat, which had indicated that no immediate changes were required.
On 20 September, the arbitrary arrest of members of a humanitarian commission composed of non-governmental organizations, women workers and the Office of the Ombudsman of Valle del Cauca was reportedly carried out in Cali to support the march of peasants in Cauca.
Mention is made of the adoption of Act No. 747 of 2002, which, inter alia, makes trafficking in persons a criminal offence.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda* Coordination, programme and other questions: United Nations Information and Communication Technologies Task Force
Such support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute to poverty reduction in the long term.
The experience of the United Nations itself shows that in most cases the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is shaped and structured by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of conflict resolution.
In addition, disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes for ex-combatants must be implemented, arms trafficking, especially small arms and light weapons, refugee and internally displaced persons must be combated and human rights promoted.
At this stage of our discussion, however, I would like to make a few remarks, and first to comment on the evolution of the Council's work.
It is sufficient to examine some of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from post-conflict to post-conflict situations.
Before addressing the role of the United Nations in post-conflict situations, I would like to comment on those conflicts themselves.
We firmly believe that, in order to be credible and effective, the Council must enjoy the full confidence and support of the international community.
He also stressed that the Charter should be the basis for ensuring the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network has shown how various partners in the international community can work together to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for lead countries of the Youth Employment Network*
Opening of the session
The travaux préparatoires shall indicate, with respect to paragraph 2 (a) of this article, that a State Party may choose to establish procedures for either recognition and enforcement of a foreign decision to freeze or seize, or to use such a decision to seek a freezing or seizure order from its own authorities.
Governments have used security legislation to justify censorship of certain human rights information and to retaliate against defenders.
Impacts estimate: Several Parties provided estimates of the effects of different transport sector policies (Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Estonia, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and United Kingdom).
Policies and measures with broader goals than the only response to climate change: The most commonly reported policies in agriculture fall under this category.
Policies and measures to combat CH4 emissions from enteric fermentation from animal origin are focused on the reduction of the number of cattle from the national horse and the intensification of cultural practices combined with higher yields per head, reduced pucin livestock (Belgium), the decrease in livestock breeding (Slovakia) and cultural research programmes specifically aimed at studying ways of studying cultural methods.
The 2003 special session on the budget of the UNICEF Executive Board will take place on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth renewable energy network is expected to be established before the end of 2003.
Such networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
The contemporary vocabulary offers terms such as “real time” or “Internet scars”, as if any delay in the transmission and processing of information takes away any reality, or in any case seriously devalisated.
All countries that measure certain economic functions share an emphasis on the fact that the function is within the enterprise or is performed between a number of enterprises.
Many of the steps that have been taken over the past few years would have been impossible without progress in terms of concepts and definitions through the OECD Working Group on Indicators for the Information Society practitioners.
Finally, the Secretariat should indicate the proportion of extrabudgetary resources allocated to each of the sections in the preceding four bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi) with the following paragraph:
In Ghana, the prevalence of HIV/AIDS of 3.4 per cent has not decreased in the last two years, although it is lower than in other countries in the West African region, where rates range from 5 to 11 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific in terms of commitments and expenditures.
In that context, I am pleased to recall the directions we have set in Tunisia since the change of 7 November 1987, which have identified, among the priorities, the recognition of human rights, in their various dimensions and in their overall approach, which includes the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
hegemonic ambitions impose on the smallest countries of the region the unspeakable obligation to make high military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, Iraqis are beginning to recover with the help of their allies and friends, and they look forward to the assistance of the international community, under the aegis of the United Nations.
If the table does not show a conservativeness factor for any source category, a factor should be used for a category with similar characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 to read:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect the human rights of all persons in any situation;
Decides to continue its consideration of the question at its sixtieth session under the agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms in any part of the world”.
We also welcome the appointment of Mr. Jacques Klein as Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
In that regard, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the level of economic and social development, but also political, which would allow it to consider the final status issue in an immediate future.
In particular, the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Assembly of Kosovo is a good sign.
Such a transfer is of vital importance.
In Kosovo, therefore, much work remains to be done.
The continuation of the Kosovo Protection Corps in this form is likely to destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the post structure of the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the scenario proposed by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by the United Nations under a hire-purchase agreement at the end of which it would become the owner of the building and the area on which it would be built;
Decides to examine further the conference services and support services to be provided to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003, in the light of the Security Council's review of the work of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
Companies are increasingly being pressured to report on their impact on society and how they manage them.
The text of its statement on the remaining five reports, covering the entire system, will be made available to delegations in due course.
One area of work that has evolved considerably in recent years is the preparation of documents for ship crews.
Section III of the Criminal Code, entitled “Criminal offences against personal liberty”, provides in article 151, that anyone who deprives others of their liberty by illegal means shall be punished with a penalty of six months to three years' imprisonment; if the act includes the use of threat, abuse or grievance, or if it is committed in a spirit of vengeance or profit, or if it causes serious damage to health or health.
Various regulations and laws apply to each component of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, to the extent possible, the names of individuals or entities associated with Osama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida whose names are not included in the list, unless such information is not compromised by investigations or enforcement measures.
The main strategic engagement of South Africa in the Middle East conflict, as clearly demonstrated by the presidential seminar for peace in Spain, is the strengthening of peace camps in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of South African experience with a broad spectrum of civil society and the Governments of Israel and Palestine; the contribution to the process of reform in Palestine and support for international peace efforts.
Although the drawdown of the military component of UNAMIR was completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative staff also had to leave the Mission area on that date, in accordance with the wishes of the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources contacted, about 60 per cent of Liberian territory was under rebel control;
(Thousands of United States dollars.
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community committed itself to sharing the responsibility to reduce the social and environmental vulnerability of the region (key); to rebuild and transform Central America in accordance with the integrated principles of transparency and good governance; to consolidate democracy and good governance; to strengthen the decentralization process, with the active involvement of civil society; and to promote respect for human rights (permanent goal) by paying particular attention to gender equality.
During the period under review, the Council considered many issues of major interest in the maintenance of international peace and security, in Europe, Asia, particularly in the Middle East, Oceania and particularly in Africa.
In the area of security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that sporadic fighting in the north, south-east and to a lesser extent in the west of the country constituted threats.
They called for the expansion of the membership of the Security Council so that it can regain its legitimacy, be more representative of the state of global geopolitical affairs and better reflect it.
I have the honour to refer to your letter to President Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 concerning the application of Judge Navanethem Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to seek an extension of his mandate to the Tribunal until the so-called Media case, which should not go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention paid to the situation of women and girls and the integration of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of and follow-up to major conferences, special sessions and summits, and reaffirming its commitment to building on the progress made in this regard,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the Chairman of the Commission at its twelfth session should come from the Group of Eastern European States, and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee recommends against this position for the reasons stated in the general report.
Ms. Acar said that the Committee's concern about raising the age of marriage for family reunification was a necessary consequence of its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether special measures had been taken, such as provisions on custody of children and separated classes, to encourage immigrant women to attend Danish courses.
Over the past two decades, governance has become a concern for both developed and developing countries, especially those facing all, at the beginning of the century, the same types of problems, albeit to different depths: corruption, constitutional crisis, economic stagnation, ethnic conflict and growing crime.
Organization of work of the session
Requests the administering Power to cooperate in establishing programmes specifically intended to promote sustainable economic activities and enterprises, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
DATED 23 OCTOBER 2003
Stresses the importance of simplifying and harmonizing requests for reports from the United Nations system to Member States, and calls upon the relevant agencies and bodies of the United Nations system, in consultation with Member States, to adopt simplified and harmonized methodologies, and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and upon request, in the preparation of reports based on national data and statistics;
“The Government of India had previously instructed the State of Karnataka to leave the order pending with regard to Father François Marie Godest.
Technology had a role to play in expanding access to information, particularly that of geographic information systems, which, in the form of databases and software tools, could improve access to information for planning, logistics (e.g., for evacuation routes) and other purposes, allow understanding and forecasting of phenomena and solving problems in geographical space, and facilitate public participation.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now have the pleasure of delivering the words I am convinced that we all want to hear: we have now completed our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I have been conducting a number of bilateral, group and open-ended consultations in Geneva and New York last December.
The view was expressed that liberal policies against the abuse of cannabis not only posed a threat to public health but also contradicted the efforts of developing countries, which were making considerable efforts and resources to try to reduce cannabis cultivation in their territories.
- In collaboration with the National Women's Commission, the Office has initiated several public discussions and consultations on legislative reforms on the status of women in Guyana.
Since the inception of the system in 1993, 47 girls have benefited from the fund.
The first promotion of 116 teacher students is expected to be completed in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector are to increase life expectancy for all Guyanese, reduce disparities between social groups, improve access to care and improve the quality of care, and ensure that health services are provided at affordable cost.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations on judicial remedies, including a bill to hold lawyers accountable to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary steps to promote and expand cooperation and coordination between the secretariats of the two organizations in order to enhance their capacity to achieve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, participants stressed in particular the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
The distance learning programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations are collaborating with staff of various ministries and administrations involved in the fight against AIDS and lessons learned are then disseminated at the country level.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that the Group associated itself with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department suggests that the problem could be solved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 to 57/128 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) Sharing information between law enforcement agencies in sensitive areas or border areas; joint border control and customs control activities;
This form of integration was highlighted in the commitments made by the participants at the Copenhagen Summit and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme State Monitoring Body oversees the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of State funds by central and local government bodies, as well as the economic activities of legal entities whose State has more than half of the shares or actions (articles 162 to 165 of the Constitution).
Having also considered the letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council dated 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia addressed to the President of the Security Council, annexed thereto,
If necessary, it would also monitor operational, financial and personnel matters relating to MINUGUA.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Missiles”.
Those who have ordered and perpetrated such crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nicanor Duarte Frutos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan reported that it had concluded bilateral extradition treaties with 27 States, including those relating to terrorist acts defined as extraditable offences, and that over 450 suspected terrorists had been extradited under those treaties.
Such activities are currently being carried out with the Commonwealth Secretariat on the drafting of legislative guides, with the Organization of American States in support of the Agency's activities in Haiti and with OSCE.
Thematic communications campaigns
A senior official of the Department visited Brussels in June to review preliminary arrangements with relevant officials of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Belgium, including the proposed site for the hub.
The meeting provided a useful opportunity to exchange views among Department of Public Information staff at Headquarters and their colleagues in the field, as well as several external guests, on how to manage the transition from the concept of regionalization to its implementation.
The official position of the United Nations on matters that make the titles is provided by the Office of the Spokesman through press briefings, official statements, interviews and briefings.
Anyone who incites grazing or other presumptions for livestock without the permission of their owners, or grasslands around forests that supply water villages, even belonging to individuals, shall be punished by 6 to 18 months' imprisonment.
The average vacancy rates for the Professional and higher categories in several budget sections (5-16, 19 and 22) were higher than budgeted, owing, inter alia, to delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, separations and temporary assignments to higher posts (A/58/558, para.
In the sense of the Penal Code, “recruitment” means requiring a third party to act, which is not in itself punishable by law.
There are numerous criminal standards in Swiss law applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (annex 1 to the first report of Switzerland, dated 19 December 2001, which contains a list of such offences).
On 1 January 2002, the Act to improve the protection of civil courts in cases of violence and unwanted sexual advances, as well as to facilitate the provision of marital housing in cases of separation (Gesetz zur Verbeserung des zivilgerichtlichen Schutzes bi Gewaltten und Nachstellungen sowie zur Erleichterung der Überlasserung
This applies only if the person was insured in the Federal Employment Service before receiving maternity benefits or before he begins raising children, or in cases where unemployment or unemployment assistance has ceased to be paid.
A balanced participation of women and men in politics has not yet been achieved.
In addition, in the face of the growing number of divorces, women are no longer entitled to a survivor's pension.
Part II provides an account of the measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this area, the Federal Government's plan of action includes a series of measures to improve the data situation by reorganizing police criminal statistics and carrying out a representative survey on violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children, held in Yokohama in December 2001, it became clear that there was a greater awareness of the problems of sexual exploitation of children and that many measures had been taken.
This decision aims to prevent and combat the production, treatment, distribution and possession of child pornography on the Internet.
- Offenders - differentiate rather than generalize”;
6.4 Legal proceedings against Germans who have committed sexual violence abroad
Previous regulations on the right to custody and visitation did not provide for the right to custody of unmarried parents.
- Manual for Municipal Activities of Equality in Saxe, prepared by the Ministry of State for the Equality of Women and Men (Straits);
- Obligations for all Land and Local Authorities, as well as for all other legal persons under the supervision of the Sax State under the Act, to work for equal participation of women and men (section 15 of the SächsFG) Act of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of SächsGVBI), p. 15).
Social assistance, civil service
Gleichberechtigungskonzet, “ Konzept für die Förderung der gleichberechtigen Betiligung von Frauen und Männern am Entwicklungsprozess”
The only solution to the Middle East crisis, which has become increasingly serious in recent times, is the implementation of the road map developed by the Quartet, as has been said, in the Quartet's statement at its last meeting in New York.
The issue before us highlights the fragility of the situation and the importance of defining a more comprehensive peace agreement for the entire Middle East region.
Article 8
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as in the past two years, the debate, instead of focusing on the annual theme, would focus on the High Commissioner's introductory statement.
Programme, administrative and financial matters
1997-present Member of the International Association of Prosecutors.
Such measures should enable the tracing and control of firearms owners.
Women and girls who are victims of trafficking are subjected to violence and their human rights are seriously violated.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibn Chambas Executive Secretary
Moreover, since the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular personnel from the scope of the study, it was logical that officials of international organizations should also be excluded.
Administrative and financial matters 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not fail and that we will have the political will to move forward, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/227, entitled “Further measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic, social and related fields”.
We also join previous speakers in thanking the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields” (A/58/359).
The National Malaria Policy and Strategy Plan was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to involve local governments, civil society and the private sector in the development and implementation of road safety policies.
The Committee may also wish to consider the possibility of implementing the Secretary-General's proposals, contained in his report on the Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and establishing an ad hoc informal working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss peaceful settlement of disputes that may be implemented in the case of conflicts already brought to the attention of the Council or which will be brought to the attention of the Council at short notice.
When the Security Council is in a position to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, to put an end to war and promote peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of regional peace and security, the international community can no doubt invest greater hope in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
That balance must be said, placing the primary responsibility on the parties themselves, even if they can resort to external intervention to help them resolve their disputes.
We must, with vigour, reaffirm our commitment to the rule of law in relations among States and thus to the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of jurisdictional means.
(a) Take measures to protect students from violence, physical damage or abuse, including sexual violence and intimidation in schools, establish complaint mechanisms that are accessible to children, and conduct thorough investigations of all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit, by 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), including:
Furthermore, the Council is reviewing the accountability system, which has served as a mechanism for inter-agency coordination following the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-Chairman, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem closely linked to other global issues at the heart of the Organization's mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, as well as each party to an armed conflict, shall mark, remove or destroy explosive remnants of war in the affected territories under its control.
Welcoming the continued cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and other organizations working in the field of competition law and policy, and in particular the commitment made at the Fourth WTO Ministerial Conference in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Awais
The deployment of MINUCI is proceeding satisfactorily, with a first group of 26 liaison officers arriving in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new communications strategy is being developed in preparation for the World Summit on the Information Society, to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The involvement of the United Nations system in East Timor represented a particularly interesting and rich experience to be learned if it was to confirm its positive results and to prevent future disruptions.
The work started in May 2000 and the document was distributed in the following November; the overall framework had been prepared and approved by UNTAET.
Albania*, Algeria, Andorra*, Angola*, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh*, Belarus*, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina*, Brazil, Bulgaria*, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus*, Czech Republic*, Denmark*, Finland*, France, Georgia*, Germany*, Greece*, Guatemala, Hungary*, Iceland*, Italy*, Japan, Liechtenstein*, Luxembourg*, Malta*, Mexico, Nicaragua*, New Zealand*, Norway*, Panama*, Spain*, Poland, Portugal*, Romania*, Sweden*, Netherlands*, Sweden*, Portugal*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Portugal*, Portugal*, Portugal*, Portugal*, Norway*, Norway*, Portugal*, Portugal*, Portugal*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Portugal*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Portugal*, Portugal*, Norway*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Portugal*, Portugal*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Netherlands*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Portugal*, Portugal*, Sweden*, Portugal*,
In the preamble to this instrument, States parties declare “determined to put an end to the suffering and loss of life caused by anti-personnel mines, which kill or maim hundreds of people every week, most innocent and defenceless civilians, especially children, obstruct economic development and reconstruction, prevent the repatriation of refugees and internally displaced persons, and have other grave consequences for years after their establishment”.
Let me thank all delegations for encouraging me in my efforts and consultations, and I would also like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and all the members of the secretariat for their effective assistance.
It was in that context that the close relationship between man-portable air defence systems and small arms and light weapons was examined.
We call upon the coalition forces to achieve this essential objective and to intensify coordination with relevant international bodies and institutions in order to enable the country to return to normality.
This initiative called for the establishment of an international fund for Iraqi higher education to provide assistance, both immediately and in the long term, for the rehabilitation of higher education in Iraq.
We have taken note of the Secretary-General's call for institutional reform by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this topic will, in fact, depend on the degree of objectivity of our approach and the realism of the proposed measures.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has decreased, their role in national strategies in some countries has not been drastically reduced.
I firmly believe that for all countries in East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and we all believe that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is not in the interests of any of the East Asian countries.
Mr. PETÖCZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that that group supported that idea.
First, the analysis of Security Council resolutions, unilateral declarations of nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones indicates that security assurances are generally qualified by nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDERS (Netherlands): Mr. President, even if this meeting is already your last presidency, I believe that this is the first time I have taken the floor since assuming that office.
Stresses the importance of developing the human resources and institutional capacities of indigenous people to address their problems;
The Board reviews and approves the financial statements and reports on the audit of those statements submitted to it by the Committee on Budget and Finance, together with such observations as it considers appropriate.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial provisions.
It is also important to emphasize that the current level of aid is inadequate.
In our view, it is important at this stage that national demining strategies be put in place to ensure an effective decision-making process on short-, medium- and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has established the Lebanese National Demining Office and, with the assistance of the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, has established the South Lebanon Mine Action Coordination Centre.
We can achieve this through a protocol annexed to the Convention that would take into account the security interests of countries while helping us to eliminate old mines, which, like the new ones, destroy lives and property and hinder efforts to end desertification, achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
As of June 2003, pledges to the Fund amounted to only $4.7 billion, compared to the estimated overall expenditure of about $10.5 billion per annum for the effective implementation of prevention, treatment, care and support programmes.
Country offices
Credit line — Definition similar to those contained in the UNDP, UNFPA and UNICEF Financial Regulations
In considering items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of the child), 115 (Elimination of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will provide for a dialogue between its members and special rapporteurs and representatives who will report on their activities.
Today there are some 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
While conventions defining the need to respect human rights were essential instruments, it was also necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Panel endorses this decision and sets 2 August 1990 as the date of loss for category “C” Palestinian late claims.
Recognizing that domestic violence against women involves human rights,
Because of their separate legal structures, the role of specialized technical cooperation institutions has not been addressed.
This simplicity is a price, that is, a certain degree of arbitrariness and damage to details.
Why are so many agencies engaged in technical cooperation?
The Office has taken the lead in supporting gender coordination.
(b) Its resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “An Agenda for Peace: preventive diplomacy and related matters”, its resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1993, entitled “An Agenda for Peace”, in particular section IV, entitled “Special economic difficulties arising from the implementation of preventive or enforcement measures”, and its resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997, entitled “Supplement to an Agenda for Peace”, in particular annex II, entitled “Question of sanctions imposed by the United Nations”,
The building and development of democracy, as well as the approach taken by the United Nations system on this issue, must take into account the fact that there is no single recipe for achieving democracy.
By that statement, the Secretary-General affirmed the great importance of the culture of peace, and the attention that this universal Organization should devote to it, not just one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the celebration of the International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World, 2001-2010, is more than an altruistic aspiration of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the goals set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, as well as in the World Food Summit Outcome: five years later, renewing the commitment to eradicate hunger,
Stressing the need for the industrial transformation of commodity production in developing countries, in particular in Africa and the least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and stabilize and increase their export earnings, thereby promoting sustainable economic growth and integration into the world economy,
Accordingly, I appointed Mr. Parker as a permanent judge of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia from 4 December 2003, for the remainder of Mr. David Hunt's term of office, until 16 November 2005.
The programme of action remains a year of focus on the evolution of the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations wishes to point out that, in the view of the Government of Colombia, operative paragraph 2 of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider identifying the principles that could serve as a framework for regional agreements on conventional arms control, could allow the Conference to resume some of its activities and break the deadlock in its work over the past three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on Territorial Asylum of the Organization of American States, OAS Convention on Diplomatic Asylum, United Nations Declaration on Territorial Asylum.
Its effects go far beyond borders, and international cooperation is absolutely indispensable.
It is for the Third Committee, which is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that the programme is well understood and translated into reality.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to enter into commitments for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003 in an amount not exceeding 12 million dollars, to be financed from the cumulative balance included in the Special Committee for the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission;
The Special Rapporteur is planning to submit a final report in 2004 to consider both issues, so that the first reading can be completed at the same session.
The Equal Opportunities Commission and the Equal Opportunities Fund have been established with a view to establishing cooperation with the private sector on all issues relating to women's employment.
The use of these targeted summaries would be flexible, voluntary and based on available data.
For its consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note by the secretariat on information exchange: establishment of an electronic clearing house (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In this regard, future workshops could also consider exchanges among small groups of participants from industrialized countries, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
He also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission supported, including INFOCAP, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on national profiles.
Items on the provisional agenda of regular meetings
Quorum in subsidiary bodies of limited membership
The communication may include suggestions on the solutions that the Party considers most appropriate in the particular case;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims corrections
Norway calls upon all countries to agree on a modus operandi for relieving and protecting victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and to strengthen their national efforts in parallel with international efforts.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that, while, in terms of principles, her country agreed with the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression (A/CONF.189/PC.2/24), the Internet was a unique tool for promoting human rights, it was important to recognize that in practice the Internet did not have an impact on human rights.
The best way to reach consensus on guiding principles is to consult with Governments.
Mr. Paul Krugman, School of Public and International Affairs (University of Princeton); Mr. Jagdish Bhagwati, Professor of Economics and Head of the Chaire Arthur Lehman, Columbia University; Mr. Manuel Orozco, Project Director of Central America for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Ouedraogo, Consumer League of Burkina Faso, will make presentations.
Information on workshops and training courses on combating international terrorism
Furthermore, it is not clear how the macroeconomic and structural reforms required in the process of poverty reduction strategies affect poverty and social conditions.
Therefore, new approaches continue to be considered with a view to rapidly increasing international liquidity where necessary, through various means, including the temporary allocation of special drawing rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with those decisions, His Majesty no longer presides over the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, acting on a rotating basis, is now the Head of Government and, in fact, the Prime Minister.
Government agencies in Bhutan are obliged to recognize that women constitute a significant part of the population to which they are directed and must therefore design, implement and continue to administer services that are tailored to the specific needs of women and men.
This is mainly due to the expansion of primary education and the fact that schools are better able to retain their students.
Multi-sectoral task forces have been tasked to address the growing threat of HIV/AIDS at the national level.
Many men welcome the larger number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another limited scope study on women's participation in financial decision-making, 27 per cent of women interviewed stated that they were only involved in decisions on obtaining financial loans, while 14 per cent made joint decisions with their husbands.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has taken initiatives to improve the capacity of public sector personnel in a number of countries by providing advice, upon request, on civil service reform.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established Iraq's liability for losses arising from Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
The Panel also finds this rate applicable to claims for loss of use of funds, which have similar aspects.
See also the decisions of the Panel contained in paragraph 79 of the E2(7); E2(11 report, paragraph 71; and E2(13) report, paragraph 89.
E2(3) report, paras.
Report of the United Kingdom on the achievement of the goals and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East
Pursuant to article 8, paragraph 1, of the Extradition Act, persons who have committed terrorist acts, even if such acts are considered political crimes, may be extradited.
What are our goals?
The Secretary-General's report reminds us that the situation in Iraq is fraught with challenges that are real challenges, and we are all challenged here and now the international community, and they call upon the coalition.
The establishment of a robust civil society will be critical to the new democracy.
In conclusion, on behalf of my Government, my delegation would like to express its deep appreciation to the Council mission and to the Council as a whole for its willingness to find answers to complex issues facing our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other United Nations coordination mechanisms.
Support to associations and organizations working to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The 10-month programme, including five months of theoretical education in Madrid and four and a half months of practical education in organizations in developing countries, is also planned for an evaluation phase in Madrid.
These groups are young people aged 16 to 30 years, women employed in occupations deemed to be male, over 45 years, unemployed persons who have been registered for 6 months or more and workers who, at the time of the conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same company under an indefinite or fixed-term contract prior to 31 December 2003, including for training contracts.
It is at the age of 25 to 29 years that daily smoking among women is the most important.
However, this improvement is less marked among women (37, 5 per cent of long-term unemployed women) than among men (55.36 per cent).
Members of Permanent Missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress achieved through the creation and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic fact remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, in the most cynical and cruel manner, everywhere.
This meeting is the first open meeting of the Security Council in 2003, a year of challenges that I am convinced that the Council will be ready to meet.
We will join resolutely in all efforts to ensure compliance with international agreements in this area.
These areas are often areas of lawlessness.
Activities to implement the request
More than 150,000 houses or apartments (total of some 23,570,000 square kilometres) were looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the accounts of the Organization were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) Computer Model for the Analysis and Evaluation of Feasibility Studies (COMFAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programme framework and the strategic directions of the Organization for South-South cooperation, as well as the thematic initiatives of the Organization, including trade facilitation, the use of rural energy for productive purposes and the rehabilitation and reconstruction of the industry emerging from crisis,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that the rapidly changing socio-economic conditions, cultural, individual and social factors, as well as the supply of illicit drugs, have aggravated the problem of the use of psychoactive substances globally,
In view of the ambiguity in the title of the topic, the Commission decided to continue to take a working assumption that the topic concerned “activities” and to defer any formal change in title.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the heading “United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace resource requirements (before recosting): $30,500 with resource requirements (before recosting): $364,200
The Committee asked the Government to indicate whether it planned to amend the relevant provisions of the above-mentioned laws in order to include the principle referred to in the Convention.
These decisions were taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, including the weekly meetings on economic issues and senior officials of Iraqi public institutions, and the initial budget proposals were prepared by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are indeed enormous advantages to serve the Iraqi people.
The percentage of Afghan women employed by UNHCR increased from almost zero in early 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme, and 36 per cent of all national protection staff.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers of Defence and Security in September should complete the formation of the Government of National Reconciliation and thus eliminate an important obstacle in the peace process.
Nevertheless, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution stipulates that the President of the Republic may delegate some of his powers to the members of the Government.
Beyond what divides us, we have a collective responsibility to recover the unity of the international community in the face of these threats.
We have begun consultations with the United Nations and other Council members on adjustments to the current oil-for-food programme, which would ensure the continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicine in Iraq.
The programme of work continues to be studied by my authorities, and we reserve the right to give our views on the programme as soon as this analysis is completed.
If a Party considered that it needed assistance to stop methyl bromide consumption to stabilize the dates, it could be reminded of the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming its work by consensus,
(i) 680 ODP tonnes in 2004;
All unloading operations should take place at such locations only for authorized staff.
The financial mechanism was established in accordance with Article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to ensure financial and technical cooperation for Parties operating under paragraph 1 of Article 5 to enable them to comply with the control measures under Articles 2A to 2E and 2I or any other regulatory action under Articles 2F to 2H under Article 5 bis of the Protocol.
Law enforcement officials had also participated in training programmes abroad.
Some States have also reported using telephone, telex and postal services.
(3) The party seeking to enforce an interim measure of protection shall promptly inform the court of any termination, suspension or modification of that measure.
Suggestions to improve the wording of the bracketed text were made, including that the court could suspend enforcement proceedings until the parties had had the opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties had been duly notified.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training should be given a more visible and important role in support of international affairs management and in the implementation of the economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of appropriate information, communication and transport technologies should also be supported by technical cooperation and investment to strengthen the capacities of local service providers, or to build such capacity, could require donor support or funding from international financial institutions.
A similar consequence is provided in the United Kingdom, where the consumer is entitled to cancel the contract, unless a competent court to hear disputes on the contract in question decides otherwise at the request of the service provider.
In Afghanistan, the reintegration programme reached its peak by the end of 2002.
Procedure
The estimates are based on the United States dollar exchange rate of 0.89 euros.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, if necessary, at subsequent sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward reported on those consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Harvard Law School (Winter 2003): Visiting Professor Robert F. Kennedy, in association with Professor Philip Heyman, a course entitled “Bring Power to Justice”, analysing the different functions of prosecutors in common law and civil law countries and examining various national and international approaches used to try State actors who have committed violations of the law; also organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption: establishing the rule of law”.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7, in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as an operating entity of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its climate change focal point and the Special Climate Change Fund for the implementation of the activities referred to in the framework for meaningful and effective actions to enhance the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention,
Welcoming the initial progress made in the implementation of the framework for meaningful and effective actions to enhance the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, annexed to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial results, 2002-2003
It also noted with appreciation the financial and other assistance provided to the Programme by the Government of Austria, the authorities of Styria and the city of Graz, Austria, the Department of Physical Geography of the University of Stockholm, Metria, the Swedish National Topography Office and the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, it is considered that many of the people who are infected with the virus do not know.
The project targeted the NEK Steering Committee, as well as high schools and high schools.
Recommends that consideration be given to the holding of a joint informal debate that could enrich the work of each Committee; better use could be made of the debate of the General Assembly in plenary on the issues considered by both Commissions;
This important work has been possible through, inter alia, the Committee's skill and perseverance through its subcommittees and experts.
In the event of the dissolution of the marriage after the woman's consumption, the woman is entitled, in addition to her maintenance during the period of vitiity, to compensation which cannot exceed one year of maintenance, in accordance with the means of the ex-husbands, and which is paid to her on a monthly basis from the end of the waiting period, unless otherwise agreed between the two parties regarding the amount and the terms of payment of the allowance.
The following table illustrates the evolution of the education budget in the academic years 1993/94 to 1997/98:
The crèches are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which carries out regular inspections to verify compliance with the relevant regulations.
The State of Kuwait wishes to recall in this regard that its constitution, in many of its provisions, makes equality one of the pillars of Kuwaiti society, first in the preamble, and then in article 7, and then in article 29, which covers various aspects of this principle by linking it to human dignity, rights and duties.
Effective management will also improve recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
National Coordinator of the Global March against Child Labour, 1998
Advisor for the development of a programme of courses on social justice, Department of Demographic Studies, Tribhuvan University, 1999
Each State Party shall communicate to the Conference of the States Parties, as requested, information on its programmes, plans and practices and on its legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
If the status quo refuses any prospect, freedom and the development of those who are hungry and living in despair, the temptation of anarchy and extremism as a means of making change becomes much more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to appoint Ambassador Tzanchev of Bulgaria as President of the Annual Conference of the States Parties to be held in 2003 and the representatives of China, South Africa and Switzerland, as Vice-Presidents.
Declarations and reservations
Rapporteur: Ishtiaq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and should strengthen and contribute to the protection of universal human rights standards, as contained in international human rights instruments,
(c) Should a special debate be decided, its theme should be relevant to human rights and take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This situation should not be repeated.
(iii) OHCHR should prepare a comprehensive and regularly updated compilation of recommendations made over the years by the various mechanisms on thematic issues.
Contribution submitted under both resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They deal with the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (d) (i), (ii) and (iii) on the development of short-, medium- and long-term proposals for the elimination of racial discrimination against people of African descent, including proposals for a mechanism to monitor and promote all human rights of people of African descent, taking into account the need to work closely with the specialized agencies and development institutions of the United Nations system.
As for the Haraz centre in Iran, it was a technology centre for human resources development for land use and development in these rice-growing areas.
Lastly, she requested the State party to conduct a national health survey and to consider its findings in the next periodic report.
Therefore, the duty to protect was also incumbent upon the entire world.
- Placing the two sites by appropriate means (girls or dumps);
Some observers predicted a possible increase in the demand for dollars as the United States now controls Iraqi oil wells.
New directions for Arab economic cooperation are essential in providing the private sector with a growing role in development and economic choices.
As a result, the Foundation was able to collect approximately 3.5 million euros, which made it possible to start work on the site.
Currently, four resident coordinators are UNICEF staff (half are women), one of whom is currently serving.
If these conditions are met, the goals and targets approved at the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Furthermore, the financial implications of the establishment of an additional office in Brussels have not been taken into account by ITC.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the report of JIU, the Secretariat had moved closer to the Organization's gender targets in 1990.
(a) The nine regional offices should be progressively strengthened through the redeployment of technical posts from Headquarters.
At the same time, SCO member States consistently and invariably assume that the fight against terrorism must be based on the norms and principles of international law and cannot be equated with a fight against any religion, certain countries or nationalities.
ACTIVITIES OF THE JUNICATION (continued) (IDB.27/19 and Add.1 and 2; IDB.27/CRP.3)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Request for consultative status submitted by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with annex I to General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on proposed themes for the high-level and coordination segments of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit to you the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The people of Afghanistan have overshadowed the decision to extend their mandate.
The draft resolutions under these agenda items reflect that resolve and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) Use, in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee established by resolution 661 (1990), prior to the expiration of the period set out in paragraph 10 below and taking into account the recommendations made by the Office of the Iraq Programme, funds deposited in the accounts established pursuant to paragraphs 8 (a) and (b) of resolution 986 (1995), as far as necessary and as appropriate, to pay for additional shipping costs,
10-11 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
Since the costs of the work of the Working Group were included in the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would not affect the Working Group.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the large majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate substantive discussions at the Commission session, the secretariat prepared a thematic note entitled “Policy options for enhancing SME competitiveness” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Chairmen of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and the Chairmen of committees, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right to vote provided that they are representatives of participating States;
As a general rule, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees or working groups are closed.
The Council expressed its concern at the continued regional factors of instability and requested the Secretary-General to make recommendations to the Council as soon as possible on how to address these subregional and cross-border problems, with a particular focus on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also deplored the lack of political contacts between the parties and called upon them to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government submits to it all the bills.
It was to be hoped that a report could be submitted to the Commission at a future session, especially since the document issued in 1991 following the World Summit for Children and the outcome document of the United Nations General Assembly Special Session on Children, held in 2002, had specifically referred to the situation of children living under foreign occupation.
In line with Millennium Development Goal 2, the Government introduced free and compulsory basic education for all in 1996, which significantly improved the rate of school attendance.
To avoid such incidents, it is imperative for States parties to be present at the meeting.
“The Security Council stresses that the United Nations stands ready to promote political dialogue, if requested, and to provide resolute support to address the humanitarian and development challenges caused by border demarcation.
It may acquire or dispose of immovable or movable property in accordance with these Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting has three days, from 16 to 18 July 2003, to complete its work.
According to these corroborated reports, the situation in the valley remained calm, without serious incident, throughout the reporting period.
Observations
Quadrennial reports 1997-2000, submitted through the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report submitted pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know which indicators are best suited, which should necessarily cover different aspects of the right to health, and then be used in the ongoing work of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that prolonged solitary confinement of a detained or imprisoned person may be equated with acts prohibited by article 7.
Article 10, paragraph 1, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any person deprived of his liberty under the laws and authority of the State, who is detained in a prison, a hospital - a psychiatric hospital in particular - a detention camp, a rehabilitation centre or another place.
This means determining whether a unilateral statement is a reservation or an interpretative declaration and determining its admissibility and effects.
Thirty-eighth session (1990)*
(l) To continue their cooperation with the Committee in promoting the successful implementation of the Convention;
(h) Raise awareness of the importance of action programmes that focus on the situation of victims of descent-based discrimination;
There are traditional and cultural practices in some States that affect the health of women and children.
States parties should also report on measures adopted to ensure prompt access to services related to family planning in particular, and sexual and reproductive health in general.
For example, the article emphasizes the importance of respect for parents, the need to consider rights in their general ethical, moral, spiritual, cultural or social framework and the fact that most children's rights, far from being imposed from the outside, are rooted in the values of local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting on recent meetings, activities and outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, adopted by heads of State and Government at the Millennium Summit, in which they pledged to eradicate extreme poverty, and in particular to halve, by 2015, the proportion of the world's people whose income is less than one dollar a day and those who suffer from hunger,
In 2001, the Government limited the length of work permits to foreign workers to six years to ensure that more Bermudians are recruited and trained for the best jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom has continued to advocate that legislators adopt European human rights standards, particularly with regard to sexual discrimination.
Pursuant to paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations to consider all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without vote, in the deliberations of those bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “Synergies and responses: strategic alliances in crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat computer-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, it invited Governments of Latin American and Caribbean countries and other interested Governments to participate in the regional meeting of heads of national drug law enforcement agencies, with a view to establishing the meeting of heads of national drug law enforcement agencies, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and provide the necessary financial resources,
(a) Partnerships are voluntary initiatives by Governments and various stakeholders, including major groups and institutions;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other matters.
In introducing the item, the representative of the secretariat drew attention to the documentation prepared on the matter (see annex VII) and outlined the action that the Committee might take on the matter.
Decides to submit the following to the Conference of the Parties for consideration and possible decision at its first meeting:
An alternate or an adviser may act as a representative on the nomination of the head of delegation.
Subject to rules 28 to 32 and amendments decided by the Conference of the Parties, these rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The chairperson or rapporteur of a subsidiary body may be given a priority to explain the conclusions of that subsidiary body.
He indicated that his organization had supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities on persistent organic pollutants derivatives, including the project on identifying and quantifying dioxin and furans releases in Thailand, the organization of the Expert Group meeting on Best Available Techniques and Best Environmental Practices and workshops on good industrial management, which had provided an opportunity for sharing best practices on organic pollutants management in Brazil.4
To that end, the Monterrey document reiterates the importance of the principle of cooperation.
Only a few countries were monitoring the characteristics of trafficking through effective border controls, using reliable estimation methods.
The report noted that comparative studies made the problem even more complex.
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org).
A preparatory mission composed of IAEA and UNMOVIC staff, including the Director General of IAEA and the Executive Chairman of the Commission, visited Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet with their Iraqi counterparts led by Mr. Amer H. Al-Saadi, Advisor to the Chairman, to discuss further logistical arrangements and to relocate the inspectors' office in Baghdad.
The Agenda 21 website for sport and the environment is www.unep/org/cpi/sport_env (all types of sports activities).
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi show that there are opportunities to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, long-term reconstruction and development.
Cancun's failure is the result of what happened in Doha, where major trading countries refused to grant the promised concessions on development issues.
Switzerland attaches highest priority to the preservation of humanitarian space in all circumstances and without exception.
“The strict internal and external closures, curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have led to a further deterioration of economic indicators and increased poverty and unemployment among Palestinians.
We should recall here the individual and collective responsibility of the parties to the Convention for compliance with its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the prior concurrence of the Advisory Committee, such sums as may be necessary to cover the advance payment of insurance premiums if the insurance period extends beyond the biennium in which the payment is made, on the understanding that the Secretary-General will request in the budget estimates for each biennium appropriations for that purpose for the duration of the policies, to cover the amounts due for the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments are not enough to prevent violations, but strict measures must also be taken to address the social and human problems that encourage them, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, population displacement and social inequality among the peoples of developing and advanced countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, to be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Protection Force, the United Nations Confidence Restoration Operation in Croatia, the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force and the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force
Of course, it remains vital for all of us to continue their participation in the coming years.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of control is becoming increasingly important at both the regional and international levels, and effective verification becomes necessary to ensure international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpiles of mines by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to ratifying the Treaty, have already individually and in more than one occasion expressed their opposition to nuclear weapons.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on those principles.
Of that amount of $270,000, $250,000 is provided for the ICAO tender.
Possible modalities for reimbursement of expenditures
Chief of Liaison and Protocol Liaison Officer A and Liaison Officer B
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and Council resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is not important if the source of the funds is lawful or illicit, only the act of collection and its purpose.
The Bradley report indicated that any Council order adopted to meet the needs of any of the options would take at least one year.
ESPAGOL
“Terrorism - causing an explosion or fire or committing any other act that endangers people's lives, damaging their health, causing considerable material damage or causing other dangerous consequences to society, with the aim of undermining public order, sowing panic among the population or influencing the adoption of decisions by public authorities or international organizations, or threatening to commit such acts”.
Women remain mainly in low-paid and low-level positions.
Suspension of consultative status
We therefore encourage States that have not yet done so to deposit their statements with the Secretary-General in order to achieve the universality of the Court.
Their unflagging participation, combined with their firm commitment and diplomatic skills, largely explains the success of the work of the Special Committee.
Now, as is the case for all treaties, the end of negotiations marks the real beginning of the commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 94.
Washington, 11 April 1949
The draft resolution, entitled “The Almaty Programme of Action: Addressing the Special Needs of Landlocked Developing Countries within a New Global Framework for Transit Transport Cooperation for Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries”, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I now have the pleasure of introducing the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
He welcomed the European Union's decision to establish a peace support facility to support the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the African Union's peace initiatives.
The right to know the truth about past events is essential in order to prevent the same violations from occurring.
My Government is firmly committed to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be much more representative to reflect demographic and geopolitical realities and to gain credibility.
Outreach services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee, 28 April 2003
We have succeeded in understanding that success or failure in any area, if important, cannot mean the salut or loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to respond to the questions raised, such as the introduction by all United Nations information centres of an annual plan outlining its activities around a strategically selected message.
With a view to planning and implementing further changes without budgetary constraints, we have had to review some of our priorities and we propose to reallocate resources accordingly for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had an advantage in some aspects of the negotiations and should contribute to their preparation through its analytical work, consensus building and technical cooperation.
These products were of low value added at the national level.
Commodity-dependent LDCs faced a particularly difficult challenge, as commodity prices had fallen considerably in real terms.
Development assistance strategies had been redefined to support poverty reduction and many donors included trade- and investment-related technical assistance.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and candidate countries Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia, as well as Cyprus, Malta and Turkey, said that coherence was important and that, as such, participation in the sessions of the Council of Representatives of other institutions and agencies was positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) assisted the Task Force in building and expanding partnerships.
With a view to strengthening its outreach and facilitating contacts with national policy makers, the Special Unit has established a web-based database, which brings together policy and ICT managers in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to allocate, within existing resources, the necessary financial and administrative resources for the effective functioning of the inter-agency secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate, and requests it to continue:
E. Documentation
Election of a representative Government to succeed to the Afghan Transitional Authority following free and fair elections in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a Senegalese women's guide is published periodically, covering issues such as civil registration, marriage, food obligation, inheritance, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land ownership and credit, and the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo-Addo.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Consideration of the possibility of the United Nations serving as supervisory authority under the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the forces of ECOWAS and the French forces, in carrying out their mandates in accordance with resolution 1464 (2003), to continue to work in close consultation with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to report to the Council periodically on all aspects of the implementation of their respective mandates;
The letter was issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/500.
The Lusaka case for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to help Africans build their peacekeeping capacity.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted late to conference services without the explanation required by the General Assembly in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in the event of the late submission of a report to conference services.
The International Business Companies Act (International Business Companies Act) of 2000 provides for the removal of shares payable to the holder and, where such actions have already been issued, their recall and their replacement of registered shares.
These services include the management or execution of financial services in the Bahamas or from the Bahamas, including online financial services, the registration of directors or managers of international business companies, the provision to international business companies of licensed agents and offices, the provision of managerial or management services to international business companies, the provision of shareholder services to international companies, and the provision of partner services for registered companies.
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements allow certain individuals to be included in a list of national exclusion.
Their participation in the workshop was beneficial.
For example, the Section provided guidance on the rules to be followed in the case of nationally executed projects, building on the experience of UNDP in this area.
In 17 offices, the control of presences and absences was not carried out in the rules.
This feedback also raised awareness of the importance of planning regular project audits.
In this regard, Governments were encouraged to request their implementing agencies to use the same reporting format with a view to simplifying and facilitating timely reporting on activities.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
The staffing requirements could be further reduced in the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991 from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/23306, S/23307, S/23308, S/23309 and S/23317)
Information that organizations should obtain and seek to verify would include: audited accounting performance for the preceding five years; past and present judicial difficulties; and identity of other key clients.
Also affirms the strong commitment of the United Nations to treat, on as wide a geographical basis as possible, all bidders, whether in procurement or outsourcing;
Mr. Negroponte (United States of America): At the outset, I thank Assistant Secretary-General Türk for his timely briefing on the progress of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Since 1998, Montserrat has been in a phase of “recovery and reconstruction”, it has been difficult to cope with an increasing emergency while facilitating the development process.
These funds provided for environmental, training and health projects, as well as legal and legislative programmes.
With respect to the currency of payment, it was necessary to inform the consignees of funds about the advantages of the official system vis-à-vis other channels in terms of security and speed of transfers.
• Work for the fair and expeditious trial of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of government relations, the Federation encountered many difficulties owing to the lack of clear human rights lines and people with the knowledge and skills needed to approve projects.
With regard to strengthening the resident coordinator system, increased involvement of the United Nations specialized and technical agencies in the functioning of the resident coordinator system is seen by Member States as a positive step.
As a result of the armed conflicts and civil unrest in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania has remained one of the most refugees in Africa in recent years.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary steps to ensure the translation of the present resolution into the Somali language, including an appropriate information explanatory note, and to disseminate it widely in the country through the Human Rights Officer for Somalia based in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for groups at risk, especially drug users, to reduce the risk of transmission of infectious diseases such as human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda for the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting is contained in annex I.
Discussion
The view was expressed that the Office should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States continued to receive documents in an appropriate form.
The addition of the words “support for efforts to promote new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was challenged, as the Second Committee had not yet reached consensus on the issue.
Some members proposed that the publication be sales rather than distributed free of charge.
The Council's consultations with member countries of the New Partnership and ECA had been welcomed.
A/58/6 (Sect.
Investigations into the cause of damage may also be long, especially in countries where the authorities responsible for maritime security and/or the courts themselves investigate the demurrage and take some time to publish their findings.
As part of the proposed amendment to Act No. 1015 entitled Previene y reprime los acos heícitos destinyados a laitimación deinero o goodes (Act on the Prevention and Punishment of Unlawful Acts to Legitimize Capital or Assets), it is envisaged to expand the scope of application of the Act, even if art.
It is important for the Commission not to disperse its attention.
It must also reaffirm its belief in the importance of civil society participation as a strategic partner in the work of United Nations bodies.
To improve the conditions under which women exercise their work and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 265 of the Labour Code, mothers raising three or more children under 16 years of age, or two children and more for women living alone, receive one additional day leave per week, paid according to the average daily wage.
The link between reproductive rights and family law is clear: maternity and paternity are the direct result of citizens' reproductive rights.
The adoption of the new codes of marriage and the family, and of work, was the most important step in improving legislation.
UNIDO's investment and technology promotion activities focus on promoting substantive partnerships and linkages (such as technology transfer, outsourcing, common marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign firms and national firms.
In this regard, the clean production programme has already begun to work with UNIDO's energy efficiency units, to train personnel assigned to PNP and PNPP and to identify, develop and implement technical cooperation projects for financing the Kyoto Protocol and GEF.
However, the Committee is prepared to provide the Commission with any additional information it may wish.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It reviews development and organizational performance, focusing on the linkages between evaluations, learning, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC planned to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on that issue in the near future.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,696,600
Demands that the Liberian parties cease hostilities throughout Liberia and comply with their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the ceasefire agreement, including with regard to collaboration in the formation of the Joint Monitoring Committee established by the ceasefire agreement;
Invites donor countries and recipient countries to consider including in their bilateral training programmes and projects of the armed forces, security forces, prison staff, police and medical personnel, human rights protection and torture prevention, without neglecting their gender dimensions;
The Study Group exchanged initial views on the basis of the report of the 2002 Study Group (A/57/10, paras. 489-513); and the thematic summary prepared by the Secretariat of the debate held by the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
Key programme resources
• To ensure the overall management of the decision-making processes and activities of the Office of the Prosecutor required under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the rules of the Office of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit highly qualified persons in order to have diversified and adjusted staff by offering career opportunities and training opportunities, ensuring effective management of their entitlements and rights and establishing a system to ensure that all staff members are physically, psychologically and emotionally able to carry out their tasks.
• All special equipment and articles are received and inspected before they are admitted to the Court
• Development of new Intranet modules
material organization in The Hague and in the field
Three interpreters per language for French, English, Spanish and Russian and four for Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider adopting appropriate legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of this Convention and in accordance with the fundamental principles of its domestic law, in order to increase transparency in the funding of candidates for elective public office and, where appropriate, in the financing of political parties.
(a) The public dissemination of information on procurement proceedings and procurement, including information on tenders and relevant information on the award of contracts, with sufficient time for prospective bidders to prepare and submit tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the absence of dual criminality to refuse to provide assistance under this article.
(c) Addressing the special needs of Africa: consolidation of democracy, sustainable peace, poverty eradication and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, a very poor developing country, more than others in the same category, is presented in the box below, and how the country is working, with the assistance of the United Nations system, to engage various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “Everything but Arms”, the Group of 77 looked forward to exploring with its development partners how to encourage such policies so that they could contribute directly to improving living conditions in African countries, to which the international community should give its full support if it wanted to achieve the Millennium Declaration target of halving poverty.
Three key aspects of the information and communication technology strategy:
For the time being, we must take the necessary steps to prevent the situation from deepening further, and to ensure that our President will not suffer any harm.
(e) Maintaining and strengthening political and operational cooperation and support provided to the Tribunal by external partners such as Governments and non-State entities;
In addition, the time required for pleadings (e.g., they usually take two to five days, depending on the number of accused).
The practice of simultaneous trials is to try two cases for consecutive periods, for example, through trial A five weeks, trial B five weeks, trial A five weeks, etc. Counsel in trial A leaving Arusha while trial B takes place.
Members of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) welcomed the study, which they believed was a well-prepared and useful framework for reviewing, reassessing or adjusting existing policies regarding support costs related to extrabudgetary activities of United Nations organizations.
In accordance with that resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur has submitted 10 main reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 progress reports to the General Assembly, plus 18 addenda to the Commission or the Assembly.
It would also like to draw the attention of the Egyptian authorities to the need to combat any advocacy of religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence and should therefore be prohibited by law.
In accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, OHCHR organized an expert seminar to examine the interdependence of democracy and human rights in Geneva on 25 and 26 November 2002.
Group B
At the same time, over the past 10 years, European institutions, initiatives and legislation have increased to include, considering that the protection of minority rights is an integral part of any democratic development.
As Guyana looks to this collective system for its peace and security, it wants to ensure that the new Council resulting from the reform can reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is of the utmost importance.
We must therefore build global institutions and build effective partnerships within the framework of fair and open trade, as well as strengthen support for the development of the least developed countries.
A regional strategy has also been developed to facilitate HIV/AIDS interventions.
Mr. Pavanjeet Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where appropriate, the adoption of a cross-border perspective for the sustainable development of mountain ranges and the exchange of information;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration with a view to more effective implementation of chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) Monitor closely the operation of the global project to support the preparation of national communications, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and continue to ensure that the implementation of the project is consistent with guidance provided by the COP;
16.17 The issue of publications as part of the programme of work has been revisited.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As requested by the Statistical Commission at its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) Coordination of the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of its proceedings;
Thirdly, the activities of the Department of Public Information should be intensified.
By increasing the volume of Russian-language information on the United Nations web site, the number of Russian-language visitors was increased.
At the 4th meeting, the Chairman also invited the representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, having considered a proposal by the Chair, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, relating to sub-items 10 (a), (b) and (c) for adoption by the COP at its eighth session.
Notes
Sulphur and salt gem are among the most important chemical elements, and metal deposits (living, zinc and lead) are very abundant.
From 1990 to 2002, Poland reformed its public service.
(h) Cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen cannot lose his citizenship unless he renounces his citizenship.
According to article 41, paragraph 1, deprivation of liberty or interference with liberty is permissible only in accordance with the principles and procedures provided for by law.
The question of the Uazzani and Hasbani rivers continues to be a source of tension and possible escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Although the posts are frozen, they will continue to be included in the approved staffing table (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities requiring resources from supplementary funds is contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments were due to changes in the exchange rate between the United States dollar, the currency in which the United Nations accounts are recorded, and the euro, the currency of the host country.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget, as presented in table xx below;
Takes note of the Peace Fund: Peaceful settlement of territorial and maritime disputes, established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as the main mechanism, given its wider regional scope, for the prevention and settlement of territorial and maritime disputes, also takes note of the Caribbean Trust Fund established by the Conference on Maritime Delimitation in the Caribbean, held in Mexico City from 6 to 8 May 2002, which is intended to facilitate negotiations among the Caribbean,
Also takes note of the Pacific Islands regional ocean policy approved at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest the increase in financial resources from bilateral donors, and noted the initiative of United Nations agencies to improve the coherence of their technical cooperation activities.
Some children and Government troops, as well as rebels, have abducted or believed to join their ranks have been put to death on the front lines.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Mindful of the responsibility of the international community to promote human rights and to uphold international law,
Mr. Pecsteen de Buytswerve therefore supported the proposal to defer consideration of the item for two years, on the understanding that the vote on the motion did not imply a position in favour or against the two draft resolutions; it was simply to recognize the need to base the convention on consensus.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Awareness of the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to help energize economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property mentioned in note 11 to the financial statements was owned by the organization as at 31 December 2002 and was not subject to any charge.
In a memorandum dated 5 February 2003, OIOS found that the “special clause” remained invalid, since it was included in the contract at the time of recruitment, without prior use by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide all necessary assistance to the special rapporteurs and the joint mission to enable them to discharge their mandates fully;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in political discourse since the 1980s, indigenous peoples blame the Bank for a lack of commitment to the implementation and compliance of indigenous peoples' policies, which are therefore often interpreted as a formade.
CFATF Secretariat 35-37 Sackville St.
Almost all countries have a chemical sector, but almost 80 per cent of global production is the case of 16 countries, the overwhelming majority of which are members of OECD.
Resolution
In this regard, it was pointed out that Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) had made it clear that claims of political motivation should not be considered as grounds for refusing requests for the extradition of suspected terrorists.
The documents of the technical meetings and seminars held at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117,:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) Comment on the future direction of the Partnership and its programme for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to forward the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the COP for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of the post;
The increase in non-post resources of SwF 810.8 per cent, or 5.6 per cent, relates mainly to the increase in grants and contributions of SwF 840.9 to cover the cost of services rendered to JIU by the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Central Support Services at Geneva, which is offset by the reduction in the two items referred to in paragraph 9 above;
These are “multiple-use” services for which definition and design considerations are as important as most environmental goods.
By design, they are intended to serve a specific purpose and are intended for environmental purposes: for example, a recycling station remains a recycling station even if the technologies used by the facility are profoundly modified.
For intellectual property rights, article 66, paragraph 2, and article 67 of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS), developed WTO members providing incentives for technology transfer could be applied.
Several recommendations made at the meeting related to possible actions at the national level:
The resulting increase in expenditures is due to the revision of the approved post adjustment rates effective 1 November 2002, the new salary scales for staff in the Professional and higher categories and for staff in the Field Service category (two categories whose status is governed by the 100 and 300 series of the Staff Rules) effective 1 January 2003, with the approval of a post-retirement allowance for staff serving at higher grade levels.
(a) A new subparagraph was added after the fifth preambular paragraph:
Description of methods used to identify main sources of reference to tables of main sources of the CRF Information on the level of detail in tables 7.A1-7A3 of the IPCC good practice guidance1
Annex I Parties should fill in all cells for emissions or removals estimates, activity data and emission factors.
Italy is one of the most seriously affected by population ageing.
Thus, the topic concerned primary obligations of the State and implied that the existence and conciliation of “legitimate interests and multiple factors” should be recognized.
It also has the merit of not obstructing judicial action on other grounds.
Another common law cause is the public mandate rule, which is more widely applied in the United States.
Introduction
We fully support the efforts to streamline the activities of the General Assembly and stand ready to assist other delegations, as well as ours, in assuming the heavy burden of apparently perpetual meetings.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the early 1990s, including important steps to revitalize the General Assembly and the draft resolution we have just adopted.
The procedures differ because needs are not everywhere.
These warnings were accompanied by pressure to force us to accept amendments or amendments that would restrict or impair the rights of indigenous peoples recognized under international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, requesting membership in the World Trade Organization, bearing in mind paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/182 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who have served for a period of nine years, the amount of the annual pension is:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims that were found to be overlapping with four “E4” claims report new or larger losses, in relation to those claimed by the “E4” claimant.
UNSEQ number: E-2449
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several government representatives stated that in order to attract direct investment, these institutions must increase their support for the development of the necessary infrastructure, particularly in the area of information and communication technology.
The globalization of development also requires the elimination of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and resource growth, as well as increased participation of developing countries in international decision-making.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary border crossing point was opened between Restelica in Kosovo and Strezimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for local residents only.
The free movement of minorities was also hampered by the decision of the Serbian Government authorities not to sign an agreement on the use of Kosovo registration plates in Serbia and their calls to dissuade Kosovo Serbs from moving through UNMIK to register their vehicles.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their resolute support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, and we believe that this is an important first step towards creating a legal norm in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to connect to global sites and to the ECLAC regional follow-up to United Nations conferences and summits, which will be launched at the same time in June 2003 at the Fourth United Nations Regional Inter-Agency Technical Coordination Meeting.
Oil prices already included a “war bonus” of approximately $5 per barrel in the last months of 2002 and exceeded $31 per barrel in January 2003.
They should first make an initial structural adjustment by joining UEME in order to move closer to the baselines defined for fiscal deficits; given their position of departure, they might therefore apply an excessive fiscal discipline policy in that period, which would obviously have a negative impact on economic growth.
A. Aearn et al., op.
Under article 5 of the Home Rule Act, the power to pursue foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Danish Government and no part of this prerogative can be transferred to the Faroe Islands Home Rule.
For example, significant financial assistance is being provided for the costs of exploiting ethnic minority associations, intercultural activities and information materials, as well as various types of local integration projects.
The 1989 Community Social Charter provides for the right to collective action in cases of conflict of interest, in particular the right to strike, subject to the obligation to respect national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days in each quarter.
The high proportion of smokers in the population is primarily responsible for the relatively high mortality rate and has a negative impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played an important advocacy role and facilitated campaigns leading to new instruments and standards for child protection, as follows:
These organizations have played a key role in the development and implementation of the programme.
• ACP-EU cooperation: the ACP-EU Partnership Agreement signed in Cotonou, Benin, in 2000, took into account various elements proposed by the Special Representative at the ACP-EU Joint Assembly in March 1999.
The United Nations presence, anywhere in the world, has always been seen as a symbol and guarantee of universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, attracted a broad audience, including in non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136-141, 144-146, 148 and 150
It also continues its efforts to increase awareness of women's rights in all its activities and of the human rights mechanisms it supports, including through the adoption in 2002 of a gender mainstreaming strategy.
Previously, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established commissions or fact-finding teams.
Recommendations on travel grants
In accordance with the provisions of consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, which were approved by the Council in its resolution 1996/31, organizations in consultative status are to submit a report every four years on their activities, including their support for the work of the United Nations.
In line with the recommendations of ACABQ in its report (see A/C.5/57/SR.20), UNFIP undertook a series of activities in 2002 that are part of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects aimed at streamlining, targeting and making them more effective.
Women's focal points had been appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Affairs was strengthening their capacity to implement the national gender policy.
Recalling its resolution 57/134 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs were a characteristic of the services economy, and often even large firms in developing countries were small enterprises worldwide.
In the area of statistics, data collection should be encouraged, as well as work on social impact assessment and impact on the development of services liberalization.
Aid was all the more important given that African countries were continuing parallel negotiations with the European Union to conclude economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of the technical authentication work undertaken to date
In an effort to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary and appropriate steps to strengthen legislation and institutional capacity in this area.
Country decisions
Non-discrimination
The Australian citizenship certificate is not an identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to work actively towards the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular on a common formula that could be included in an international instrument that is binding;
The provisions of operative paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate to (a) subprogramme 3, Progressive development and codification of international law, of programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) to sections 8, Legal affairs, and 2, General Assembly affairs and conference services, of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
Representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) attended the session.
Question 7.
To try to distinguish between the two types of cloning only to try to conceal the fact that human life is being created to destroy it in order to produce embryonic stem cells or to carry out other experiments.
There is a discussion, and it seems that differences of opinion will persist, no opinion should be imposed on all others.
The development of transport infrastructure and information and communication technologies, including the removal of missing links, would improve transit transport and enable landlocked countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. De Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month for presenting the Council's annual report covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Update on the United Nations System-wide Action Plan on Drug Abuse (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its deep concern at the plight of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent population displacement and to provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, recalls in this regard the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement, and urges the international community, with the leadership of relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national projects and programmes aimed at alleviating the plight of internally displaced persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must bring benefits to all.
Most recently, in February 2003, two primary seismological monitoring stations in Lac-du-Bonnet (PS08) and Shefferville (PS10) were officially registered by the Provisional Technical Secretariat; the construction of a radionuclide monitoring station (RN16) in Yellowknife was completed in March 2003.
He also welcomed the establishment of a general checkpoint and the transparency that had characterized recent senior appointments.
Also at the 61st meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally proposed an amendment to the draft resolution by which operative paragraph 6 (g) would read:
It is clear that, in the context of growing globalization, measures taken by one Government can often have a positive and negative impact on the right to food of the population of another country (e.g. in the context of agricultural trade).
According to article 507, members of the groups referred to in article 499, who cooperate with the judicial authorities in identifying criminals or updating their criminal intentions, will be pardoned.
In the longer term, a flexible and effective legal framework for security interests could be a useful tool for accelerating economic growth.
Special Committee decision of 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We particularly welcome your efforts to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of those Territories, the majority of which are in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I invite you to consider the Committee as a friend, wishing to work with you and you, for the realization of the rights that are undoubtedly yours.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first Country Cooperation Framework approved by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which, inter alia, should facilitate the development of an integrated national development plan, which will establish procedures for setting national development priorities over a decade, focusing on health, population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
Within this Ministry, a State Secretariat has been responsible for the advancement of women and women in development, demonstrating the Government's willingness to pay specific attention to women's issues: in the Congo, all government departments participate in meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia thanked the Quadrilatéral group and other countries for their efforts in favour of LDCs in the area of market access, which it felt compelled to create a competitive advantage and encourage investment in programme areas.
However, it is expected that the Organization will end the year on a positive cash balance (currently estimated at $44 million) under the regular budget — a result that would be favourable if it were to match the projections.
Bigamy
Law enforcement
We have included food, tents, blankets, medicines and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, especially floods, also contribute to the deterioration of habitats and to the depletion of resources in the East Asian subregion.
As part of their day-to-day activities, women are the main protectors of forest species, and they therefore depend on future forest productivity.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation among developing countries, should not be neglected.
The Government of Slovenia has established an interdepartmental working group on the implementation of restrictive measures and monitoring of counter-terrorism activities.
By the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on Children in Armed Conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- The financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Oti (Uganda) said that her delegation had been inadvertently included among the sponsors because of a technical error.
(b) A certified copy of the company's memorandum and association articles;
Subject to other priorities and available resources, the Government of the Bahamas intends to move this process forward in the coming months.
Fifty-eighth session
One view was that the basic criterion for striking a balance between the interests of buyers and those of secured creditors was the notion of “normal competition”.
The Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget will have before it an in-depth study on a technical cooperation programme each year.
The cotton problem was crucial, and the difficulties faced by African producers should be seen from both moral and economic perspectives.
The Emergency Programme of Action launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to reverse the spread of HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia aims to achieve the goals of the Declaration of Commitment through broad-based national action supported by the technical, financial and tactical support of UNAIDS and collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that parents, who are best placed to do so, have the primary responsibility to guide children, to raise them in a healthy environment, to inculcate their sense of duty, integrity, responsibility, civic responsibility, compassion and service towards others, to help strengthen families, communities and nations around the world;
Most of the Muslim countries in the Middle East, India's subcontinent, South-East Asia and parts of Africa are found.
27 October 2003, Baghdad
However, in cases where sanctions remain in force for a long period of time, such as in the case of the Al-Qaida and Taliban sanctions regime, universal reporting rules alone cannot be as effective.
The Government of East Timor is currently reviewing projects to effectively improve the capacity of the East Timorese police in both areas, in addition to its capacity to deal with civil unrest.
In addition, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police to deal with threats of criminal and armed groups in the countryside and the area of the Tactical Coordination Line.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to indicate whether they wished to participate in the work of the new team and to communicate to the Office for Outer Space Affairs the contact details of the focal point they would designate for that purpose.
The Gambian law, to some extent, penalizes the conduct referred to in this article, but the penalties must be radically revised.
Indeed, in both urban and rural areas, female illiteracy is combined with poverty and ingratisation, dependency and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of partners from African countries have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to African countries.
The Group currently has seven persons.
Members of the Committee discussed the issue at length without reaching agreement on the causes of the problem or on ways to address it.
They supported United States military activities in their territory, as they did not forget their own history; they knew from experience what was meant by vulnerability and appreciated the security and protection offered by the United States.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Trade of Guam, October-December 2001, www.admin.gov.gu/commerce.
Application of International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative
In terms of funding, improved income and expenditure situation in 2002-2003 and the implementation of the revised recovery policy also provide good prospects for the UNICEF financial plan and budget.
General
Summary table IV indicates the proposed changes to support budget posts for each of the main components of each line.
Summary table V provides a comparison of the total number of posts in each organizational unit for the current and future biennium.
Table 7
It summarizes the progress made by the Central American countries on the road to peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since my last report was issued in September 2002 (A/57/387 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit in Cuzco, Peru, and the 19 members of the Group adopted the Cuzco Consensus, a strategic programme of action to overcome poverty and social exclusion, addressing the themes of democratic governance, cultural identity and external relations and the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The enormous efforts to rebuild the region continue with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and their reports
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 17-19, 24, 25 and 27 September; 3, 11, 14, 15, 23-25 and 28 October; 6, 7, 13, 19, 22 and 25 November; 3, 4, 6, 9, 16-20 and 30 December 2002; 6, 9, 10, 15, 16, 23, 27, 29 and 31 January; 12 and 24-27 February; 4-7, 12, 14, 18, 20, 21, 25 and 26 March; 2, 3, 7, 8, 14, 16, 22 and 24 April; 8, 9, 14, 19, 20, 21 May and 21 May;
UNMOVIC has also had contacts with many Governments in the area of export control, particularly with regard to finding concrete solutions to such issues as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for an appropriate balance between non-proliferation objectives and legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, this information is based on the recent update of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on budgeting in the United Nations system.
Of the 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are devoted either entirely or primarily to renewable energy.
Nuclear non-proliferation and peaceful uses of atom can go hand in hand as long as transparency and mutual confidence exist.
In that sense, the experience of developed democracies is indeed very valuable.
I would like to take this opportunity to convey to me the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the heartfelt condolences of the Bulgarian people to their families.
We will be able to speak of victory when these attacks are no longer taking place, because they will plunge the entire nation.
The Government has identified some 30,000 persons belonging to organizations considered to be terrorist because of the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the designation of operational entities that have been accredited and provisionally designated by the Council.
Only through their commitment and dedication have it been possible, with the assistance of the secretariat, to carry out the heavy and difficult tasks entrusted to them.
PROCEDURES OF THE PREPARATORY PARTIES TO PARAGRAPH 41 OF MODALITIES AND PROCEDURES OF IMPLEMENTATION
Statistical study, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and April/May 2003, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
I would now like to repeat the names of the two countries among the Asian States that wish to nominate a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Achievements in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was in the interests of both developed and developing countries to establish a sound and equitable multilateral trading system.
International agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to regulate, particularly in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy were of the utmost importance to the economies of the Group's member countries.
FDI could play a fundamental role in the economic growth and development of host countries.
States
In essence, his delegation supported all the suggestions of the Special Rapporteur, subject to further clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted that this sector, which is beyond the control of the State and any taxation, has been a major part of the economy of many developing countries in all regions.
Implementation of the outcome of the commission, including the role of the commission in coordinating the activities of the Commission in the field of science and technology for development
The joint programme would enable Member States to more comprehensively understand the prospects and risks of a global society and would be used to implement the Secretary-General's basic proposals on science and technology at the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the Group of 8 July 2000 and the Dubai Declaration of the Group of 77 for the Promotion of Science and Technology in the South (October 2002).
There is a need to clarify in detail how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international development cooperation will focus on implementing the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the chains, the use of the guide was used and, while other stations did not follow their example, standardization of pronunciation remained possible.
They took note of the convening of the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties to the Convention from 16 to 20 September 2002 in Geneva.
They strongly supported the unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures adopted by some Governments to reduce their military expenditures, thus contributing to the strengthening of regional and international peace and security.
Vocational training and job creation must enable cities to develop the potential of young people.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
Thank you.
Main Committees
2-3 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an introductory statement.
While the Middle East region is a particularly sensitive area in the light of the various current problems and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that it is important for the international community to give priority to achieving that objective, within the framework of the United Nations, in order to take a decisive step towards achieving peace in that region.
It should also be noted that it is increasingly understood that the solution to the question of the composition of the bureau will facilitate the strengthening of the agreement on the interpretation of the rules governing the composition of the bureau of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.30 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
Under the sanctions regime (para. 4 (b) established by resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraphs 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002)), Member States are required to freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources of the individuals or entities that are not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by such persons or entities, directly or indirectly by them, their agents or their agents, and to ensure that their nationals and those who are indirectly in the territory are not in the territory.
Virtually all federal law enforcement agencies have contributed to this effort by providing basic and advanced training courses in all areas of financial crime.
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network - FinCEN
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is empowered, under section 7 of the Companies Act, to exercise control over the objectives, sources of financing and expenses of non-profit organizations.
Members of the mission stressed that they had not come to mediate, or to intervene in the peace talks in Liberia, but they indicated to all parties the elements they considered essential: full respect for the ceasefire; comprehensive political settlement for the appointment of a transitional Government that would hold free and fair elections; respect for international humanitarian law, including immediate and unimpeded access to humanitarian organizations; and full respect for international humanitarian law.
(d) Report of the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not generally applied and the provisions of the various conventions on liability and relations between them were difficult to understand.
The Advisory Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following questions at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission on the transfer of marine technology; (2) possible establishment of an internal procedure of IOC for the effective implementation of article 247 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, on scientific projects and research undertaken by international organizations or under their auspices;
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
As a result of that conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the core of the development agenda of the international community.
He hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States would follow the same pattern of review, and that the General Assembly would request the Secretary-General to submit an annual progress report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
After a civil war that has ruined the national economy, Burundi cannot complete this internal and external dislocation programme to combat poverty without the support of the international community.
This has a negative impact on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to transmit to the Secretary-General, in time for the consideration of the General Assembly at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways to strengthen and broaden participation in the standardized reporting system, including modifications to its content and structure;
The difficulty of deciding at the outset whether the debtor should be subject to liquidation rather than reorganization proceedings led some countries to review their insolvency law and to replace separate proceedings with “unitary” proceedings.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, to school in view of potentially dangerous situations.
We attach high priority to working with our partners in WHO and others to encourage breast-feeding as the optimal solution to protect children's health.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532) and the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and its continued efforts to seek the conclusion of bilateral agreements with Member States pursuant to article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the authorities of Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Ecuador, Equatorial Guinea, Equatorial Guinea, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria (3), Pakistan, Peru, Sudan, Tunisia (2), Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge will inform his personal and fiduciary financial interests and make every reasonable effort to be informed about the financial interests of his family members.
Member States reported some difficulties in implementing the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthening technological support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms; strengthening human capacity; identifying new technologies and applications; and encouraging international collaboration in support of research in areas left behind;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile, as well as by the observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of FISC (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In his introductory statement, Mr. Kim Hak-Su welcomed the first substantive step in the process leading to the convening of a final international conference on chemicals management in 2006.
Response measures
I would like to say that working with you in the Council at the United Nations has been an enriching experience.
We particularly appreciate the determination and conviction with which you are defending the positions of your country under extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
ACTIVITIES
A technical cooperation project for the Maputo Trade Point (Mozambique) is ongoing and is expected to be completed by the end of 2003.
DMFAS is self-financing by making debt service procedures more effective and by rectifying inconsistencies in creditor claims.
It is a smaller country with a smaller population, but 2.2 of the 3.3 million people are threatened with starvation.
I still do not understand why it is so difficult to accept that state of affairs.
Article 2.8: The Secretary-General may submit additional proposals for the programme budget whenever appropriate.
Article 4.5 The Peacekeeping Reserve Fund is established as a cash-flow mechanism to enable the Organization to respond quickly during the start-up phase of new peacekeeping operations or to expand existing operations, and to meet unforeseen and extraordinary peacekeeping-related costs.
These agreements include services to be provided by the Organization against full reimbursement of costs.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Considers that it is preferable in the interest of the United Nations to give or assign property at a symbolic price to another intergovernmental organization, one Government, one public agency or another non-profit organization.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after full investigation, authorize the writing-off of losses of cash, goods and other assets, on the understanding that he is to submit to the Board of Auditors, together with the accounts, a statement of all such amounts written off.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally amended?
Abstaining:
The nature of confidence-building measures, therefore, cannot be defined and agreed on on the basis of volunteerism, at the rate considered appropriate by States participating in the process.
Otherwise, developing countries will be more marginalized.
In Kisangani, she met with the families of the victims of the May 2002 massacres and victims of sexual violations, and also visited the prison and cachots.
The cost of the alternative to prefabricated offices is estimated at $985,671.
Special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of working groups of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as chairpersons of human rights treaty bodies, express concern that the fight against terrorism serves as a pretext for threatening human rights defenders and targeting vulnerable groups by placing them at risk because of their origin and socio-economic status.
Why is this?
My fifth proposal is of a general nature: it is to act on the source of these two scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting solution to those conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and transitional Governments of those States be held accountable and enforce justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which calls upon regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and States in the region in fully implementing the arms embargo as a fundamental component of the Somali national reconciliation process.
In fact, the League of Arab States has played the role it is expected to play in responding to the deterioration of the political and security situation in the region, including Palestine, Iraq and regional security.
It has also endeavoured to ensure that inspectors, when they return to Iraq, can work and move freely — an effort recognized in Security Council resolution 1441 (2002).
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Calls upon the United Nations system to integrate a gender perspective into all its programmes and policies, including in a coherent follow-up to United Nations conferences, in accordance with agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective, adopted by the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 1997, and welcomes the decision of the Economic and Social Council to devote two themes to its substantive session of 2004,
It is true that many countries covered by the HIPC Initiative do not satisfactorily implement IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
The main counsel that Mr. Duque can give to the Commission is not to leave this issue politically.
Strengthening United Nations action in the field of human rights through the promotion of international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that through increased efforts and implementation, a reasonable compromise can be achieved on the issue of Security Council reform in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reiterate once again that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea has fully complied with its obligations under the 1994 Agreed Agreement between the People's Republic of Korea and the United States, until its withdrawal from the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopted the concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections may be submitted within seven days of the receipt of the record or of the closure of the session, whichever is later.
Welcoming the reorganization of the bureaux of the Committee and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation looked forward to working with them on issues such as space education and natural disaster mitigation.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of annual meetings with the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of the Office of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit on Sustainable Development to the more effective and coherent implementation of the three objectives of the Convention and the significant reduction in the current rate of loss of biological diversity by 2010, which will require action at all levels, including the implementation of national biodiversity strategies and action plans and new and additional financial and technical resources for developing countries,
The budget should be adjusted to reflect the costs and resources resulting from the unification of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In operative paragraph 4, the two instances of the word “personnel” were replaced by the word “Professional”, and the words “encourages the Secretary-General to intensify his efforts” were replaced by the words “Encourages the Secretary-General and heads of all United Nations organizations to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned about the remaining challenges,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination, as contained in chapter III, section C.4, of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of Central Asian countries on trafficking in small arms and light weapons, during which a discussion was held on the ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
Afternoon1-6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General submitted in accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999 and the reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It is important that the Congress reverse its initial refusal to support national reparations and ensure the funding and institutional stability of payments by adopting the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed simply because they were Serb and to send to all Serbs in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must go and there is no chance of reconciliation, no prospect of reconciliation, or to achieve the multi-ethnic society provided for in Security Council resolution 1244 (1999), and we all wish to call for.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps, a civil emergency organization.
For that reason, Israel's responsibility is to put an end to those violations of Lebanese airspace and to prevent them from escalating tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as set out below.
In this august Organization, there is and will always be zero tolerance for those who advocate intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence”.
The Committee agreed that the two secretariats should continue to work together.
At its 2001 resumed session, the Committee had before it the special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint submitted by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that his only concern was to ensure that the NGO did not abuse its status with the Council by carrying out its activities in a manner that questioned the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (from the 25th to 50th) were held.
However, cross-cutting linkages, balances to be sought, chronological order, costs and benefits as perceived were highly complex issues.
Angola had hosted the Seventh Conference on Oil and Gas Trade and Finance in Africa in May 2003.
If yes, please describe the measures taken.
Individuals whose DNA is analysed also have the right to know who collects such information, for what purposes, where it is stored and who can have access to it.
The criteria for issuing the European Patent Convention are: (i) novelty; (ii) inventive activity; (iii) industrial application.
2, and 17 (b) of the European Road Trademark Agreement of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Performers, Producers of Phonograms and Broadcasting Organizations of 26 October 1961.
(h) Obtain approval of the implementation plan;
For example, the rural male population has increased from 49.8 per cent to 50.0 per cent and 49.1 per cent to 49.3 per cent, respectively, in the north-east and south-west regions, while the rural male population has decreased from 49.8 per cent to 49.4 per cent, the South (from 49.4 per cent to 49.5 per cent) and the Centre (from 50.1 per cent to 50.0 per cent).
Women and men also have equal rights to the citizenship of their children.
The different methods of family planning were not well known before 1989 and couples were mostly using natural methods and condoms.
This revaluation of the amount of the allowance takes into account the increase in the prices of school supplies, food, clothing and other items of strict need for children, and is aimed at preventing school dropout, a phenomenon that has grown in recent years owing to the decline in the financial resources of families with children.
Inadequate development activities in the most unstable areas of the country have not been affected.
More than 40 countries benefited from the United Nations Development Group Common Services pilot programme, with donor grants to finance or improve common services provided to 24 country teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions — especially the Bretton Woods institutions — focus both on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and on poverty reduction strategy papers.
A representative raising a point of order may not speak on the substance of the matter under discussion.
(e) Reiterate that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation designated the Commission as the focal point for discussion on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and reaffirm that partnerships, as voluntary initiatives by stakeholders, contribute to the implementation of intergovernmental commitments in the context of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
B. MECHANISMS
We look forward to your consideration of our proposal.
Thus, the proposal to impose an immediate moratorium on the commercial activities of the extractive industries in Liberia is based on past experiences and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
In their view, model 3, to the extent that it was less than the other two of the current system, would be able to be used by several organizations on an experimental basis.
Conditions of service of the Professional and higher categories
As a result, the amounts of the mobility and hardship allowance would remain unchanged.
(e) Study on grade equivalencies between the United Nations civil service and the United States federal civil service.
The Panel further noted that each of the borrowing was under way prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and assessment of progress towards sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights stressed the importance of improving the international community's response to violence by strengthening prevention efforts at the national level and through international cooperation.
While nearly 50 business leaders were present at its official launch before the end of 2003, the Global Compact became a highly developed international network of more than 1,000 companies worldwide, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, as well as academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by reporting institutions are reported.
• Merits (D) and Credit Forms (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines created a climate of close cooperation and cooperation among Governments, international organizations and non-governmental organizations with similar spirit.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11
The working group recognizes the importance of the summary to accompany the report.
Following those deliberations, the members of the Committee, based on the provisions on the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on its fortieth session,b (1997), approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, reached the following agreement, which will serve as a basis for the election of the members of the Bureau of the Committee at the opening of its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue among States, indigenous peoples and other actors on the concept of indigenous peoples in the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III
Indigenous Peoples' Association
Most Governments are aware of the growing threat posed by the continued illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and attach high priority to measures to mitigate this threat.
These successes required long-term investments in economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations discussed law enforcement issues with the Special Committee.
Statement submitted by the Congregation of Our Lady of the Charity of the Good Shepherd, a non-governmental organization in special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 provides updated information on the financial situation of UNATES and the Civilian Police Support Group as at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lauro Baja, Jr.
Resumed substantive session 2003
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Booby-Traps and Other Devices, as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, as amended on 3 May 1996) annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they be defined in order to facilitate monitoring and evaluation of results and that efforts be made to establish timetables for outputs.
The Advisory Committee is, however, not convinced of the need to establish three additional posts to provide military expertise on a continuing basis.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continue cooperation with grass-roots indigenous organizations, recognize their marginalization and strengthen their capacity to address issues of concern to them at the national and international levels;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1356 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo should not apply to protective clothing, including jackets and military cases, temporarily exported to Somalia, for their personal use exclusively by United Nations personnel, representatives of the media, humanitarian personnel, development aid personnel and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the Research Centre for Islamic History, Art and Culture (IRCICA) in Istanbul to preserve the cultural heritage and Islamic identity of Muslim communities in non-OIC Member States.
Addressing the impact of the information society on economic and social development, and urged industrial States to develop a work programme to enable developing States to benefit from communication technologies to bridge the digital divide and decided to participate actively in the World Summit on the Information Society and to coordinate their positions.
Condemns any form of repression against refugees, including armed attacks against refugee camps, and pressure on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, aimed in particular at strengthening Islamic solidarity among Member States and strengthening their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and in all vital sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to reach consensus on its programme of work, including the establishment of subsidiary negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, the prevention of the arms race in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and effective international measures to protect non-nuclear States from the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to begin substantive work on PAROS as soon as possible.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons
Resolution No. 7/30-E on the external debt of Member States and other OIC Member States
Thanks the IDB for organizing a workshop on “Private Sector Investment and the Role of IDB in Member States” from 14 to 16 September 2002 in Istanbul, in collaboration with relevant OIC institutions and the Republic of Turkey for hosting the workshop.
Notes with appreciation the draft resolutions contained in the report of the ninth meeting of the private sector.
Also calls upon Member States that have technical infrastructure for the conservation and restoration of manuscripts to provide scholarships to the staff of the Institute with a view to enhancing their expertise in this area.
Recalling further United Nations resolution 49/60 on the Declaration of Principles for Combating International Terrorism;
With regard to the entire West African region, which I hope will receive sustained attention from the Council and other agencies of the United Nations system following our mission and report, the subregional problems are enormous and we listed them in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the work of the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be decisive in order to avoid a potential conflict if the necessary measures are not taken.
Such negotiations may have a number of disadvantages, as they require highly qualified and experienced staff and increase the risk of abusive or corrupt practices.
In the accompanying letter, UNCITRAL requested “comments on specific provisions to facilitate the preparation of an analytical commentary to be submitted to the Commission”.
It was therefore necessary to combine economic and political efforts and to implement all relevant United Nations resolutions calling for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from all occupied territories and proclaimed the right of the Palestinian people to a politically independent and economically viable State.
Following the adoption of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003), the Minister of Finance of Jordan, in its note No. 12/3/2908 of 3 April 2003, provided the customs authorities with the names of the individuals and entities on the Consolidated List and requested them to prohibit the customs clearance of goods imported or exported by such persons or entities and to confiscate them if they are in the territory, and to provide the Customs Authority with any information regarding them.
Calls upon States to review and reform, where appropriate, legislation and practices so as to raise the minimum age for marriage to 18 years, with or without parental consent, for both girls and boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteur with all data collected from all relevant sources of information, including a compilation of studies and publications on the impact of terrorism and the effects of the fight against terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends the following draft resolution for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session:
Furthermore, the Committee has no objection to the fact that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the Emergency Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 are supplemented by an amount not exceeding $200,000 (see A/58/214, para.
Each subsystem is adapted to the computer environment and procedures of the organization.
Participants and beneficiaries will be the first to see an improvement in their services.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important tool for social change, as it allows everyone to acquire new values and change their relationship with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights enshrines the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and proclaims that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, that everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in the Declaration, without distinction of any kind, and that the individual has duties to the community in which only the free and full development of his or her personality is possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to affirm that local staff must comply with their national service obligations and several Eritreans working for UNMEE have been arrested.
The Committee will encourage those providing assistance to focus, through expanded capacity-building assistance programmes, on counter-terrorism capacity; to give more priority to training and to ensure that programmes are implemented in a timely and results-oriented manner.
12.44 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Division on Investment, Enterprise Development and Technology.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they amounted to $21,478,915, including advances made by several Member States on their contributions for the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or place where their lives are at risk and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers from leaving a country where their lives are at risk;
There is a growing tendency to give priority to peace at the expense of justice, which can be understood in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises during a peace process, but which in fact results in undermining the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear no objection, I shall take it that the Assembly adopts this suggestion.
The General Assembly is to elect 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded this stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
It regretted, however, that there were still countries that had not adopted it in certain regions where ballistic missile proliferation remained an urgent problem.
Given the proposed opening of new disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration reception centres and the increase in the workload of the Section, a net increase of 38 posts is proposed.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, his delegation supported a broad scope of application.
As it had done in previous instalments, the Panel reviewed the claims in part two of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after evaluating the documentary evidence and other evidence, weighing the interests of the claimants who had to flee a war zone and those of Iraq, which is liable only for direct losses and losses resulting from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
However, to address this problem, our State looks forward to the future assistance of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The Palestinian Authority's media, educational institutions and religious and political figures teach hatred, glorify and offer moral bonds, both human and divine, to massacres.
If we do so, everyone will have the opportunity to speak before the Council.
Let Israel put an end to the occupation of our territory, which it ceases to send settlers, to cease its violation of our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess progress in the clean development mechanism and take appropriate measures, as appropriate, recommends that the COP consider incorporating the following preambular paragraphs and paragraph in its decision on guidance to the Executive Board.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections were suspended, but the dictatorial government in Pinochet tried to improve the delivery of local services, leading to a number of reforms, including income-sharing.
In accordance with Sub-Commission resolution 2002/21, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had selected as the main themes of its work in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004: “Resolution of disputes concerning indigenous issues”; in 2005: “Protection of indigenous traditional knowledge at the national and international levels”; and in 2006: “Indigenous children and youth”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting grants should be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and to the continued development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
General Assembly resolution 57/65 on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason why it was not mentioned in the programme document were mentioned.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2 Collect/produce a document linked to an act of terrorism, deliberately neglecting the existence of that link (10 years' imprisonment)
In real terms, expenditure on children increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having examined the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to New Caledonia,
Therefore, there is no reason to speak of exception when it comes to the right of peoples to struggle by weapons for self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): Participation of civil society in general and NGOs in particular is prescribed by the Convention process.
d Announcements of contributions to the sessions of the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities, November 2000 and November 2002 for 2003.
As at 16 January 2003, the total new voluntary contributions made available for the twenty-second session of the Board amounted to only $551,548 (see table 1 above).
(d) If the purpose of the action is to terminate or terminate the employment of an employee and if, in the opinion of the Head of State, the head of Government or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the employer State, such action may interfere with the security interests of the State;
The session will be held at the Fiera Milano Congress Centre, Milan.
Whether this process is properly recognized and designated (transitional society or knowledge society) or not, any development, any regulation that strengthens learning systems, releases human potential, enhances its value and contributes to social, economic and political life, brings society closer to this new phase of development.
Mary Ann informed me of his intention to leave UNHCR for personal and professional reasons, and I accepted his request, not without regret.
The Committee suggests that all age groups be included in the indicator of the Friends of the Chair.
Stressing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts of the Government of Peru and other countries in this regard, as well as the important work done by the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Allocation of non-permanent seats in relation to regions
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete the subparagraph.
The representative of any regional agreement or agency should indicate in writing to the President of the Security Council that he wishes to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how it would be possible to provide better guidance for the implementation of such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee requests the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies it has adopted to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of the legislative provisions on equality between women and men, including in the field of women's representation at different levels of government and civil service.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety and security of all personnel under the auspices of the United Nations participating in the Force;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (General Assembly resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 53/242)1
Fundamental economic laws are under consideration, including investment and business registration laws and a bankruptcy bill.
It is encouraging to note that there have been no developments in the recent period since the end of 2002 and early this year.
The fourth highlights is the fact that the Government of East Timor has managed to generate $44.1 million in revenue, of which $26.7 million was for income from the Timor Sea during the current year, which shows that the State is increasingly able to mobilize its own resources.
The carrier should not deal with the liability of the performing carrier.
Additional statements and contributions for the preparation of the draft instrument
(d) Promoting, in general, activities to strengthen the independence of the judiciary and the bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and is increasing over the years.
One of them was reportedly executed before the university's main entrance, for the purpose seems to be to create a climate of terror after a demonstration organized shortly by students.
The international community should be concerned about this growing trend towards the use of excessive force;
We would also like to reiterate that, with regard to the controversy over the issue of an agent inner XV and the charcoal, which was destroyed unilaterally by Iraq, it made concrete proposals during the recent technical discussions with Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February, with a view to resolving the issues considered by the former Special Commission as vague or pending.
In the past, efforts have been made in the form of proposed texts in the hope of breaking the political impasse.
We intend to increase the number of customs and procurement experts for monitoring imports in Iraq.
Let us build peace as we can achieve it if we sincerely seek to achieve it, with unwavering political will and determination.
I again wish to express France's full confidence and support in their mission.
However, Spain is aware that peace and security are guaranteed by respect for and implementation of Security Council resolutions and that it will come at a time when, without a change in political attitudes, the Council will be obliged to assume its responsibilities in the name of international peace and security because of the lack of a new willingness to cooperate.
From this perspective, the efforts of the international community and the Security Council towards the Baghdad regime still represent the main factor in ensuring Iraq's cooperation with the inspectors, and it is also the main condition for finding a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) Be consistent with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
Financial entities;
As we have indicated, Egypt has signed or ratified all conventions except the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which demonstrates its positive attitude towards combating terrorism.
Furthermore, as it is impossible to build confidence in the next day, we must remain patient in order to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7
Senior Legal Officer
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia are still attracting a large number of people, and a third is expected to open in Adigrat.
In some cases, for example in the water sector, the number of transnational enterprises capable of operating worldwide is very limited.
As part of these principles, the Government of Croatia has embarked on a range of social and economic reforms aimed at promoting employment growth and social well-being, such as the effective implementation of its National Strategy for Poverty Eradication and Combating Social Exclusion and the establishment of social partnerships that will give priority to human resources and ensure education and science as a central role in the pursuit of social progress.
The 218th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be held on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism has been installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly Hall to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 2003)1
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 2003)1
In order for persons with disabilities to enjoy their rights fully, the international community should broadly support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account historical, cultural and development differences among countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be based on all international norms and standards on disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also those derived from resolutions of United Nations bodies and agencies.
The African Union affirmed the need for African peoples to strive to eliminate social barriers and to promote the principle of affirmative action for persons with disabilities.
To ensure that the secretariat's divisions have sufficient resources, the 13 per cent charge against project budgets for administrative costs should be allocated to the implementing division of the project.
The disruption in the provision of medicines, disposable materials and spare parts for equipment — especially for emergency services, therapy and surgical units and other services for adults and children — has made the conditions under which medical personnel are providing medical care extremely difficult.
Is this policy a sense?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/11 in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and in accordance with its constitutional provisions on respect for international law.
[Original: English] [17 June 2003]
There has been slow progress in employment and the unemployment rate remained at a reasonably low level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[Original: English/Spanish] [21 May 2003]
Limited access to energy sources and high fuel costs and consequent shortages have had a serious impact on urban transport, increased production costs and adversely affected the effective functioning of social and urban activities.
Introduction
Verify who is the applicant for transfers with an account in the bank and wishes to transfer a sum exceeding 10,000 United States dollars or the equivalent in another currency.
Article 35 (1) of the Rules states:
For example, it could, as proposed by the Secretary-General, establish a multi-stakeholder group on debt restructuring mechanisms, the discussions and conclusions of which would be brought to the attention of intergovernmental decision-making bodies.
