There is therefore no concern when laws aimed at combating terrorism provide law enforcement agencies and intelligence services with exceptional monitoring and investigation powers without referring to justice.
Ms. Borzi Cornacchia (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur would see her future programme of work and whether she would consider including missions.
First, there is a need to increase the representation of the Government, particularly in the security institutions, and to intensify efforts towards national unity and reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including warlords and the Taliban — benefit from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend contrary to the most fundamental principles of international humanitarian law, which raises critical issues that need to be addressed.
The Committee requests the State party to widely disseminate its concluding observations at all levels of society, including among State officials and members of the judiciary, and to inform it in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement those observations.
If additional funds were made available for programmes in Africa, the resources for the region in the programme budget would increase, as suggested by the high assumption.
Adoption of the report on credentials
See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, under the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, one P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the Web site Section to strengthen the language capacities of the site.
Organizational structure
A new gender analysis guide in 2003.
Data statistics (see responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) appear to show that the impact has been reduced by women's access to unemployment benefits.
In this context, emphasis should be placed on the specific needs of least developed countries, as the participation of LDCs in world trade remains marginal and, to date, none of them became a member of the World Trade Organization.
Indian Ocean Special Committee
The crisis in Iraq is troubled by our Governments.
We, like Iraq, have a priority commitment.
Following that situation, my country believes that the draft resolution is an effective means of strengthening Iraq's pressure to comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
This is an attempt to break the situation.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, acting on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Development and transfer of technologies” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The proposed legislative reforms, inter alia, require technical assistance, including for the acquisition of equipment necessary for strengthening security in ports of entry and training of personnel, particularly in the area of detecting fraudulent travel documents.
Noting the efforts of the Governments of some Territories to meet the most demanding financial monitoring standards,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
In considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/114, which contains the guidelines for the implementation of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other relevant decisions and practices.
The assessment of the level of girls' education in the Horn of Africa and Eastern Africa has resulted in the identification of the causes of the problem, which have already been identified: the extent of household tasks and the financial sacrifice of girls to the family are the main social factors that prevent them from obtaining equal education with boys; it must be added to the lack of textbooks.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly is beginning at the time when we respond to the Secretary-General's call for reflection on the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, it seems that there is still a number of acts to be required to enable future generations to consider ourselves positively.
During this period of economic hardship, the Government spent more than $5 million last year on services designed to implement our HIV/AIDS strategic plan.
OPINION No.
The original judgement was made in favour of applicants, but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently reversed that judgement.
The Government claims that these persons were arrested for conspiracy with enemy forces to overthrow the legal Government.
Mr. Yawowi Agboyibo, a lawyer, former Parliamentary, Chairman of the Committee of Action for Renewal (CAR), a political party was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to six months and imprisoned in Lomé civil prison despite his appeal.
The Working Group, having made this view, requests the Government to adopt the necessary measures to remedy the situation, in accordance with the standards and principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
It is first necessary to meet the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves, in appropriate formats and adequate time frames for their respective decolonization processes.
The resolution of this outstanding issue will only be of confidence-building nature.
These historic initiatives help to better identify the needs and aspirations of peoples under colonial domination by giving them the necessary radiation in a highly competitive globalized economy.
Only the United Nations has a legitimate mandate under its Charter and has the legal and political authority and international legitimacy to meet the greatest challenges to international peace and security.
Therefore, the United Nations must not only continue its tasks in Iraq, but also extend them and provide more vigorous support to the Iraqi people.
UNAIDS is currently funding a HIV/AIDS adviser post at the Department of Peacekeeping Operations headquarters to coordinate the overall strategy and initiatives to facilitate work in the field.
In accordance with article 5, paragraph 3, of its organic statute, the organization, on the proposal of the General Coordinator and in prior consultation with the Executive Board, made the de facto exclusion of Ms. Bonavita, regardless of its statute in the organization, for violating the rules of procedure of the Council, affected the work of the Commission on Human Rights and failed to respect the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement, under Article 3, exercises its activities through the following bodies:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the Act on the National Human Rights Commission of Mongolia.
In the view of some members of the Working Group, this provision should not necessarily be included in insolvency law and could be left to common law, it was noted that it was closely linked to recommendation 70 and should, for reasons of clarity and legal certainty, be included in insolvency law.
After discussion, the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation has received some support.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also a party to many international anti-corruption treaties, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes of Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Related Crimes, and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of establishing the United Nations system of a school of managers was that it had become necessary to improve the coherence and effectiveness of the international civil service.
(c) Whether it is desirable, taking into account the nature of the activity, to grant exclusive rights contractors;
In one case such as the other, the market leader's position cannot be considered automatically.
However, the portfolio of United Nations commercial activities includes high-value-added products, which are little equivalent worldwide.
Financial regulations and rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/F Financial Rules/Rev.2/Amend.2), 12 February 1980.
In 2002, the Board reviewed the structure and composition of the secretariat, which had been insufficient.
In addition to the documentation for the session of the Group, the three documents may not be prepared in time for the session, but they may be consulted on the UNCTAD website, as all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessions 45 20
The three options are not mutually exclusive.
However, when they are present, the Republic of Haiti is in a position to do so.
This system has proved its effectiveness in its part most visible, namely the electronic presentation of exhibits in the authorory.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also challenged the principle of the failure of the Rome Statute to question what organ — the Court or the Council — is entitled to first review of individual criminal cases concerning officials or personnel present or from a State not party to the Rome Statute concerning acts or omissions during an established or authorized operation of the United Nations.
It is also the reasoning that the Secretary-General followed before the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
It is, above all, that the International Criminal Court, 90 States have become parties to date, has become a reality, given the election of its 18 judges and the Prosecutor and the very next appointment of its Registrar.
Although the Eldoret Declaration had been signed by all factions participating in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, the factions continued to combat and import or receive weapons.
The first consignee of weapons and ammunition from the Government of Ethiopia was Ali Mahdi.
According to British customs officers in Nairobi and London, heroin is introduced into fraud in Somalia through South Asian ships to be transported to Africa and West.
Singapore
The political turbulence that had marked its first year in power had completely devastated the country on the equipment.
Myanmar's legislation covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and establish an effective system of protection to enable United Nations and associated personnel to carry out their missions in security.
Although it began its work only less than two years earlier, it has already achieved tangible results.
The Friends of fish consider that fisheries subsidies adversely affect the environment and cause the depletion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
In particular, it has served as a framework for the development of common language to the Organization's staff on the prevention of armed conflict through interaction and exchange of experience.
The consulting actuary was also mandated to propose alternative methods of funding future after-service health insurance liabilities.
All management contracts between UNDP and various donors were implemented by UNOPS.
Table 7 Distribution by region of expenditure for contracts of management services for the biennium ended 31 December 2002 and 31 December 2001
Table 8 summarizes the reserves for field offices and accommodation.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of the 16 accused were women.
The Church is probably the most influential institution in Samoa's society.
In practice, the police have provided that a female police officer be present when a victim of violence in households or sexual abuse.
The Overseas Financial Centre is headed by a lawyer and its staff includes another legal officer.
Pregnant pregnancies still have a particular mark in rural areas, and there is generally concerted efforts to marry the girl child as quickly as possible of fear that the situation would result in punishment of the family involved in the village council, usually the girl child.
Non-Governmental Organization
Every effort must be made to revive this process without delay, while maintaining the standard established 30 years ago and still on the ground of biological weapons.
This legislation is of great importance to Armenia, as it establishes an appropriate legislative basis for further strengthening the export control system in the country, one of the key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance are a particularly important challenge for our time and an imperative to build a world that ensures the development of nations in universal harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation of Belgrade to the Mission to join in seeking a solution to practical issues related to the opening of two new border crossings in the Kosovo side of Serbia and Montenegro and Macedonia.
Therefore, the United Kingdom fully supports the “standards before status” policy.
I join the members of the Council in thanking Mr. Annabi for his briefing and for the information he has provided.
India would provide further information on its comments and would also participate in discussions to address the problems raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 269th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla (Cuba) and Ravan A. G. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) as Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta) Rapporteur.
In particular, it was intended to continue to modernize the technical components of the system in order to ensure the continued presence on the Internet, including through the UNISPAL “Question of Palestine” interface on the United Nations reception page on “Peace and security”, and to develop its collection by adding new and old documents.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
But before giving them the floor, I would like to make some introductory remarks at the time when Japan takes the Chair of the Conference.
The Committee on Development Policy had looked at the issue at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General would address this issue in a report to the General Assembly shortly.
Ms. Gabr would like to know more about France's vision for the future on special measures.
It covers the period since the submission of the first report of ISAF III, and also presents the final assessment of ISAF III's work before ISAF command IV.
Comment.
(iii) The decision of the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not subject to appeal.
(6) The idea that the unilateral act is based on a single State seems, prima facie, to be seen.
Mr. Raytchev (Bulgaria): As previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking United States and British delegations for their comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
Therefore, combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought through sustainable development policies is a major global challenge.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has thus far focused on the authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 It is expected that the objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat's services at the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support to the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and cooperate fully in the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive drug control strategy based on close cooperation between the parties concerned and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between Guatemalan authorities and Mexican authorities were defined in the Mexico- Guatemala Border Security Plan.
The countries of the region were studying all the implications of such a establishment.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), noting the fact that Armenia had implemented all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, asked what it was the Council's main demand for the immediate and unconditional withdrawal of the Armenian armed forces of occupation of the territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I urged the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and unhindered implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the United Nations Information and Communication Technologies Task Force, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The determined commitment of the autonomous authorities in Kosovo is crucial to break the power of that crime and it is through concrete results that we consider their ability to exercise their functions.
If the situation moves towards a return to peace, UNRWA must meet the demands of the transition from a conflict situation to a recovery and development phase, and will launch a special fund similar to that of its Peace Implementation Programme as a result of the signing of the Oslo Accords.
(ii) A decrease of $0.3 million for the maintenance of premises owing to the non- recosting of the budgeted level for 2002-2003;
1.79 Ali to assign health policy and service standards to host authorities in order to optimize the use of resources and avoid duplication of work and priority conflicts.
Preventing and combating diseases
1.141 Increased use of computers and automation of the work of the office.
Table 15 Operational and technical services: resource requirements by category of expenditure
Improvement of the status of women in rural areas
- Retain the word “technical” after the word “support” in the first line and insert the word “and” after the word “technical” to read as follows: “technical and effective”.
(d) To ensure that the various institutional actors take due account of the value of the public service, in particular in relation to honesty of behaviour, rational management of resources, transparency of decisions, evaluation, accountability and commitment to providing services to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed by paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002);
Any initiative on indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
The canons have been tus, and we are now trying to put Côte d'Ivoire into the work and resume our activities, such as in the past, and that we are working together with all neighbouring countries of the subregion.
This would lead to accountability that could significantly improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The Export Authority is requested, before validation of a certificate, to require the exporter to make a statement confirming that rough diamonds exported are not conflict diamonds.
Other progress:
(c) Consider the extent to which the recommendation of the United Nations Board of Auditors that the Registrar is working to reduce costs by appointing advice that reside near the seat of the Tribunal may be followed, in view of the international character of the Tribunal, and make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the problem of late disclosure of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the arms collection programme had experienced delays and the process of destroying weapons had fallen.
It was also stated that the distinction between contractual and real aspects was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the Committee's decision at its first session, a pre-sessional working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the child
(f) To devote more resources, both financial and human, to specialized education, including vocational training and assistance measures granted to families of children with disabilities;
(a) Develop a package of measures to update the implementation of the provisions of the Convention on Children and Parents (including initiatives to reach people who are illiterate or have not benefited from school education), civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including alibiyya;
(d) The continuing difficulties in raising parents' awareness of their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective mechanisms for the periodic review of the treatment of the child and any other circumstances relating to its placement.
It was therefore the question of what approach should be adopted to strengthen and improve the elements of the enjoyment of human rights and its monitoring relating to persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia addressed the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, a letter denouncing the decision as “illegal, unjust and irresponsible”, and rejecting the demarcation process.
Developments in the context of the work of the General Assembly
Figure 10.
However, the reform of the United Nations should not be our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics prepared by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/34) that technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the most commonly requested form of assistance.
I hope that you will now endorse the updated aide-memoire as a tool to reflect the development of protection priorities and that it will be useful to the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the protection needs and rights of civilians are reflected in the relevant resolutions and mandates of the Security Council.
In this regard, I would like to mention the very important resolution 1502 (2003) submitted by Mexico and adopted by the Council during the Syrian presidency of the Council in August on the protection of United Nations personnel, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict zones.
Civil populations must not be taken hostage by factions in war trying to deny them access to humanitarian assistance.
The Board's recommendations are verified by the Fund secretariat with respect to their compliance with the relevant United Nations rules, and subsequently submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken within the framework of the fourth session of the World Trade Organization Ministerial Conference on the review, through the Council on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, of the linkages between the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights and the Convention on Biological Diversity and the Protection of Traditional Knowledge;
Emphasizing the importance of effective measures taken by the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to address issues of impunity and accountability and the promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council has repeatedly stressed the importance it attaches to the proper conduct of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Giraldo (Colombia), Mr. Vassilakis (Greece), Mr. Gopinhan (India), Mr. Zarif (Islamic Republic of Iran), Mr. Haraguchi (Japan), Mr. Kazykhanov (Kazakhstan), Mr. McIvor (New Zealand), Mr. Kolby (Norway), Mr.
Let me begin by focusing on three points on the situation of drugs in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for its generous and continuing role in leading the fight against narcotic drugs.
States cannot act in isolation.
(d) Effective risk management and internal oversight systems;
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to accelerate extradition procedures and to simplify evidentiary requirements in respect of offences covered by this article.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, wherever or wherever they occur;
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that this article is not intended to require the continuation of minor offences.
The requested State Party should consider withdrawing a final judgement in cases where such judgement cannot be obtained as the author of the offence cannot be prosecuted for death, flight or absence or in other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit adopted a guideline developed with the assistance of the Office of Programme Finance, which deals with the systematic review of country offices' oversight mechanisms on appeals, management of other resources and reporting to donors on the use of funds.
Each centre organizes three training courses per year, in collaboration with national authorities, various organizations and programmes of the United Nations system (including UN-Habitat, UNDP, UNEP, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank Institute and the Global Compact Office), international associations of elected representatives (such as the Inter-Parliamentary Union, the World Association of Cities and Local Authorities, the Latin American Regional Association, the Latin American Cities and Local Authorities).
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination has been maintained as a basic principle for negotiations.
(f) The status of anti-personnel mine destruction programmes referred to in articles 4 and 5, including information on methods to be used for the destruction, the location of all destruction sites and the safety and environmental standards.”
The Internet address is as follows: http://disarmament.un.org/MineBan.nsf.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “External debt and development” (item 9 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
From September 2000 to April 2003, at least 12,737 Palestinians saw their homes demolished by the Israeli military forces in the cities with the support of tanks, armoured personnel and helicopters and destroyed the houses of explosives while their inhabitants were still in existence.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore absolutely essential in that struggle.
On this point, I will not go through the details.
Madam President, I thank you for convening this meeting, and I also thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), for his very comprehensive report and for his concrete proposals to improve the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) and the emphasis on the continuing threat posed by Al-Qaida.
Finally, she said that she would ensure that the Secretariat took into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain regarding the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of the proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have provided examples of other producers of official statistics, which develop and publish statistics in their own area of activity.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remains firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and the agreements reached at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences and calls for the speedy and full implementation of the 13 practical steps agreed at the 2000 Review Conference.
ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians of the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after the cessation of active hostilities, where civilian casualties are often high.
Summary prepared by the Chairman
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do the same?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring universality, objectivity and non-selectivity in the consideration of human rights issues, as affirmed in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted on 25 June 1993 by the World Conference on Human Rights,
The unfortunate incident of Depayin, on 30 May 2003, had influenced many conclusions of the interim report of the Special Rapporteur (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the emergency situation caused by the protracted drought and the effects of a long-term conflict.
Nepal therefore urges the High Commissioner to address this issue in a more depth.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
When the debate is limited, and a member or representative exceeds the allotted time, the President shall immediately remind him of the order.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Article 87
Article 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
Reports, official decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention shall be distributed by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and the States parties concerned and, in accordance with the Committee's decision, to members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested beneficiaries.
States parties submit to the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on the steps taken to implement their commitments under this Convention within one year of the entry into force of the Convention for the State party concerned.
In the exercise of their mandate, rapporteurs may, with the consent of the Committee, undertake the necessary visits to the State party concerned.
In discharging his functions, the Chairman remains under the authority of the Committee.
Article 71
The systematic acts of violence in the Mambasa-Komanda region were perpetrated during three different periods:
Towards 12 October, AFL soldiers entered the witness house in Mambasa.
All respondents confirmed that there were many cases of rape of girls, some of whom were under age 10.
It is based on the Team's report that a new trial has been opened against 27 suspects of the LAC forces.
Global road safety crisis
Once the designation is established, this entity is subject to a set of sanctions prescribed under the Law on the Suppression of Terrorism.
A working group of experts, including representatives from various countries and organizations of the Pacific, and assisted by two editors (the Netherlands and Australia), is currently preparing the model provisions.
accelerated review procedure for eligibility for mechanisms
Their role should be clarified and the powers and responsibilities of their delegates better defined.
Of the $42.8 million dollars for the maintenance of the financial period ended 30 June 2002, only $28.4 million or 66 per cent of the total had been disbursed at the end of the biennium.
OIOS recommended that the Office urgently establish appropriate mechanisms to address the increased number of applications received through the Galaxy system; promote mobility through improved conditions of service in the different duty stations and rationalization of administrative procedures; ensure that e-PAS is linked to a system of tangible rewards and staff input to institutional objectives; systematically carry out surveys;
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors conduct an evaluation of the capacity and professional expertise of OIOS to provide internal audit and investment services, in accordance with the generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pension funds, and report on this evaluation in its next audit of the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Abuse of a computer
Financial institutions are required to regularly notify suspicious commercial transactions and closely monitor any irregularities.
Having considered the report carefully with the assistance of its experts, the Counter-Terrorism Committee wrote to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to share its preliminary comments.
This offence is committed by any person who intentionally organizes or facilitates the entry into the national territory of an individual known to it, or has good reason to assume, that it is a clandestine immigrant or intends to seek asylum.
The number of women holding positions of official representatives at the national and local levels, as well as the level of participation of women in previous tables.
- Establishment of official committees in institutions to assess the situation of academic women and to report thereon.
13.3 The Government is committed to providing a large-scale, as far as possible pension scheme, and recognizes the fact that persons who cease all professional activities to perform family responsibilities are at risk of being disadvantaged in social security.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Act on Domestic Violence in the Family), which, inter alia, deals with prohibition and protection judgements and gives the Garda wide powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The next review of the Charter would particularly highlight the possibility of formally refusing information services.
Emphasizing that the eradication of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, New-colonialism, aggression, foreign occupation and domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is essential for the full enjoyment of human rights and women,
Article 12
States parties recognize the same rights with regard to the law on the right of persons to freedom of movement and to choose their residence and domicile.
Workshops
It could also request Working Group I to cooperate closely with Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on aspects of procurement legislation relating to electronic commerce.
- Request for information under article 44 (1) of the Banking Institutions Act relating to the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against United States institutions (Runschreiben_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Committee decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have not affected the growth of GDP in the region, the uncertainty that they have created has resulted in most scholarships in the region, where the overall trend in 2002 has been reduced with some minor times.
Such plans include improvements in forecasts, early warning systems and continuous communications between disaster-prone areas and communities.
UNESCO, CUS and several agencies affiliated with UNESCO will encourage biodiversity conservation activities in which remote sensing and GIS will occupy a broad place.
Thematic discussion and draft resolutions were presented and considered at the 11th to 15th meeting, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights concerning the prohibition of forced eviction,
Welcomes the continuing appeal of the Representative of the Secretary-General to the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement in his dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations and other relevant actors, and requests him to continue his efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on preparing its deployment within the country.
The remuneration of the other two judges is provided in the proposed budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Trial Section 1
Elections will be triparties, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Chief Ominayak and Lake Lubicon v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX A, para.
Bangladesh is largely governed by the United Kingdom civil and criminal codes of procedure.
It has published and disseminated booklets in all the country explaining the procedure to be followed and the need for birth registration and marriages to raise public awareness and to obtain its active cooperation.
Recommendation 460: In its development plans, the Government has followed a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the evolving nature of requests for assistance, as well as the growing need for certain types of medium-term assistance to support and strengthen the capacity already available to the requesting Government, in particular the capacity of national electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age of marriage was the same for men and women and whether it was at least 18 years.
UNDP intends to provide greater support to the national reconciliation process, the restoration of social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria endorses the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of his report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257); it further emphasizes that globalization does not give due consideration to the human element, the interdependence of economies does not take into account the right to employment.
His country continues to strive to improve cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/....
At the closing date of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of the 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration under article 14, paragraph 1, of the Convention.
Original: ENGLISH
However, the periodic report focuses on the measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts where Greek and Macedonian minorities have traditionally been concentrated.
They claim that there was a violation by Denmark of article 2, paragraph 1 (d), and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
In support of this claim, the complainant claims that, in accordance with a decision of the High Court of the Eastern Region of 5 February 1999, an incident of racial discrimination does not in itself constitute a violation of the honour and reputation of a person within the meaning of article 26 of the Civil Responsibility Act.
“Mr. President,
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted in the context of the proposed programme budget.
A general and summary description of the activity will be provided in section B.3.1, with information concerning, for example, the effects of GHGs and the type and importance of the technology used (e.g. installed power, production).
Environmental, economic and social impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica had joined in sponsoring draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above) would greatly address this problem.
There is a need for developing countries to implement new and additional financial resources, transfer of technology to concessional conditions and capacity-building.
The participants in the Third World Water Forum, held in Japan, have developed a plan of action to identify a number of projects worldwide and establish a web site network to accelerate water-related activities.
(The annex to the present document contains a breakdown of expenditures relating to those activities.
24.61 The provision of $2,999,200 (increase: $465,700) provides for: (a) the continuation of 10 Professional posts, 6 General Service (Other level)); and (b) the cost of the delayed impact of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) during the biennium 2002-2003; and (c) the non-post requirements of the Office.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system and its unique capacity and experience in coordinating assistance in conflict and post-conflict situations, inter alia, protection and human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $458,000
Office
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, final recommendations without a vote.
Article 103 stipulates that elections shall be held by secret ballot unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of an election to one post only.
(ii) One representative of a Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study and minimize the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session a report on the status and implementation of the Agreement for the Implementation of the Provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982 relating to the Conservation and Management of Straddling Fish Stocks and Highly Migratory Fish Stocks, and related instruments and the impact of the entry into force of the Convention and its entry into force.
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under the items entitled “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the question biennially from its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects3
Global Solidarity Fund
Promotion of youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the further progress made in the work of the United Nations system for children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake the comprehensive assessment of the scope and effectiveness of the measures taken by the United Nations system, including the recommendations to strengthen, mainstream, integrate and continue those activities, and to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session;
** Term expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility of the results and relevance of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies rests solely with Member States, and there can be no reform, as long as those who are in a position to decide to hamper the work that we are all supposed to be done.
The Millennium Declaration and the Monterrey Conferences on Financing for Development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development have generated great hope in the international community, particularly in developing countries, to see a stable, just and inclusive socio-economic order.
That goal can be achieved only through a multilateral and comprehensive approach and the development of transparent strategies that would enable us to free the world of nuclear weapons.
- Organizing sports competitions in the different types of national sports, supporting schools, sections and sports circles for children and youth and the acquisition of sports materials.
The advocacy programme for Latin America and the Caribbean, which meets the needs of the poor, continued to focus on developing innovative information and education tools and partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy secretariat acting as Secretary.
Barriers to market access, including price increases and inflation limit exports from developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected to the Committee for a period of three years, beginning on 1 January 2001, the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of the laws, regulations and/or procedures, which enables your country to control the transfer of such funds or assets to identified individuals and entities, including:
It is also necessary for the Council to strengthen the political framework of the peace process — in a word, to reaffirm the momentum of this peace process that has made good progress, as I have now, but it needs to be questioned.
We believe that what is important for someone is also urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of an ad hoc advisory group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, to which Brazil participates.
The meeting of the Security Council of 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region for the maintenance of peace and security, which culminated in the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy Executive Director of the United Nations Children's Fund
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “the Council has placed on Iraq the burden of fulfilling its obligations and to disarm it, and not on inspectors to find what Iraq has sought to hide for so long.
It is normal that there is a wide range of information related to the organization and administration of such sites and that is not linked to the mandate of inspection teams or weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The unequal situation with regard to counterparts that might be provided, given the lack of expertise inherited by Timorese society, is another constraint.
The majority of the East Timorese continue to practice subsistence agriculture with extremely poor production.
While our bilateral relations are fruitful at all levels, we urge the international community, as well as the United Nations, to support this process.
First, many observations were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Court of Appeal should therefore be sworn into the day of the week.
(b) The project database is divided into two sections: United Nations projects and projects carried out by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; it contains descriptions of projects;
(e) 1.17 The term “performing party” means a person other than the carrier that performs physical [or undertakes to perform] [or does not perform any or part] of any of the carrier's obligations under a contract of carriage for carriage, handling, custody or storage of the goods, as it acts directly or indirectly, at the request of the carrier or under the supervision of the carrier.
The definition order was amended in accordance with that suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of adding a paragraph 1 bis to Variant C, which would read as follows:
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is applied by more than one third of Member States, including some high-income countries, in order to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of contaminated trees.
Most of the police information systems that have registries in accordance with the Schengen Agreement are operating as a national database accessible by the Internet and are fully operational in the trial phase.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces at the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a donor agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist infected and affected people.
Like most countries in the region, Zimbabwe relies mainly on donor support for its HIV/AIDS programmes, but this has declined since 1999.
Therefore, the President of the Republic has promulgated a law that defines the responsibility of the Chilean State in the field of AIDS prevention and non-discrimination and prevention of people living with the disease.
In recent years, Venezuela has benefited from the development of cooperation with UNIDO in areas such as mercury control, agro-industries and timber industry, investment promotion, exports and technology.
The practical implementation of the projects under this general framework requires a firm effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported that recommendation and recommended that the financial implications of €447,836 be included in the programme budget for 2004 under Major Programme 4, Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to ensure that any person brought before a court or court within their jurisdiction the right to be brought to trial and to defend itself or to have the assistance of a defender of his choice;
In 2001, a Ministry of Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, saw the day.
In view of the contribution of women in the economic and social sectors, policies must be adopted as soon as possible to address the social, economic and cultural problems facing them.
The International Organization for Migration (IMO) has been combating such trafficking as one of its priorities and cooperates with various United Nations bodies and agencies in this regard.
Pakistan welcomes the progress already made in this regard and calls for the implementation of the basic standards of radiation protection of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), in this regard.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) expressed his disappointment at the outcome of the recent Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) held in Cancun, and expressed concern at the lack of agreement on the abandonment of tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which had led to US$ 500 billion in income for the rich and poor countries and contributed to the eradication of poverty by 2015.
If nothing is done to address it, the injustice of economic globalization will reduce the problems of third world on the first, and poverty, terrorism and disease will also be globalized.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya has proposed overcoming the problems that impede its development in both urban and rural areas and the desert, but its task is complicated by the presence of mines in its territory.
The tragic plight of the Aral Sea is an example of the problems that arise.
Mr. Bueser (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly in the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action was a major step towards eliminating racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hoped that international protection of the rights of migrant workers, particularly migrant workers, was the most vulnerable to discrimination.
In order to provide a fair and rational way of knowledge what can reasonably be presumed in relation to a description of the goods provided by the shipper, it should be amended as proposed in paragraphs 153 and 154 of the commentary.
They often rely on the assistance of competent services from other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence expenses for activities outside the Organization
(Supply)
Rule 207.18 Expenditure during a ship through ship
(iv) Where this educational institution is too remote to allow for daily visits, the region where the staff member is in the post and that, in the opinion of the Secretary-General, there is no education in the school area that is appropriate to the child, the amount of compensation is calculated at the same rate as those specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
His delegation could not support the proposal for the consolidation of peacekeeping accounts, which was incompatible with the current Financial Regulations and Rules, and could reduce the oversight of the General Assembly on each mission.
She would like the Secretariat to indicate what it had done to recruit local General Service staff in accordance with the relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
In total, FAO participated in 66 mangrove projects in 35 countries.
Group 1 Caribbean Region and North Atlantic:
(d) It is important to develop the implementation of past projects (such as results, possible follow-up, etc.) and disseminate lessons learned.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States in accordance with paragraphs 26 and 27 above, an amount of 20,041,150,150 dollars:
During the period under review, a new Government was installed in Afghanistan, with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these obstacles is the case of all, and there is a much more active commitment by the international community.
This expansion of the work programme makes it difficult to coordinate UNCITRAL with the parallel initiatives of various organizations in areas such as e-commerce, dispute resolution, insolvency, transport law, security rights and private financing infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supports further work on the two draft anti-terrorism conventions, which should be completed quickly.
The following information is provided by the roster:
Follow-up to the implementation of that resolution must be carried out in a climate of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which was due in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) Adopt measures to improve the physical conditions of detention in prisons and avoid violence between prisoners and the use of violence against prisoners.
2.4 At the same time, the police officer Ljubo Radoovic visited the Bozova Glaica to say to his Roma inhabitants that they should be immediately used.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to grant reparation and compensation to victims of an act within the meaning of that provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that at no time the complainant has provided details of the alleged torture.
He claims that his return to Sri Lanka would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has ascertained, as required under article 22, paragraph 5 (a), of the Convention, that the same matter has not been examined and is not being examined under another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
2.2 As soon as his arrest, the Spanish authorities first requested his extradition, but the request was subsequently withdrawn because of an error on the person.
(b) The contested statement must be an essential element of the prosecution against the author of the communication;
5.4 In comparison with the evidence to support the allegations that Mr. Azurmendi made her statements under torture, the complainant refers to a report of the CPT on the specific period in which contentious declarations took place and that:
The complainant's grandfather is the mother of Abdullah Öcalan.
1.3 By a note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its observations on the admissibility and merits of the complaint; it also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures, in accordance with rule 108 of its rules of procedure.
With the extradition of Spain, the Federal Office of Justice had generally accepted evidence obtained by torture.
b No further clarification is given on these problems.
a Number of responding countries: 65.
In the meantime, too, it would be possible to imagine in this area because it is likely to result in contradictions and inconsistencies with the various private international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
Unfortunately, the peacekeeping framework and the resolution of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, would justify this change of attitude.
Observer status for the East African Community (A/58/232 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division is working closely with UNDP in the following areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, compliance with agreed definitions and reporting requirements.
The first research has already yielded solid results and has resulted in specific research and development proposals.
i.
Stresses the vital role that political leaders and political parties can and must play in strengthening democracy by combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2003/L.11/Add.4
The relevance means the extent to which an activity is in line with national objectives or is part of these objectives.
Therefore, they will be most likely to earn if the objectives are achieved, but also they will be most penalized if they are not taken into account at the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Board Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with ongoing political and legislative processes and new institutional arrangements adopted in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint venture by the South Pacific Mining Corporation (SMSP), controlled by Kanaks, and Canadian company Falconbridge for the construction of a plant in North Province to treat nickel from the mountains of Koniambo.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand decreased by 34 per cent and that from Japan from 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea stated, inter alia, that, if the right will of all parties concerned, the consideration of the issues of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should progress.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would take around four weeks from the date of the decision to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by air bombings in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action taken
In particular, he provided a detailed analytical commentary to the draft, which was published as a working paper of his Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/SDTTE/TLB/4).
The estimated requirements for civilian personnel for the 2003/04 financial period, which cover 256 international staff, 282 United Nations Volunteers and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amount to $284,900, representing a decrease of $4,938,300 (14,9 per cent) compared to the apportionment for the 2002 financial period.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing under the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance of key countries that produce, sell or work diamonds to participate in the Kimberley Process self-regulation system,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
Thus, in the final analysis, the new proposals, although skewed, appear not only in practical terms in view of the required level of coordination, the wide range of actors that would necessarily be involved and the long duration of the reporting cycle, but they are still likely to lead to simplification of processes, but rather to overlap through the addition of a new level of work, thereby increasing the work of recipient countries and other actors.
It cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the bodies, making its comments and observations on the request of various United Nations organizations, organizing conferences and seminars, publishing books and brochures on selected issues considered by the United Nations system and conducting persuasion.
Table 1 provides a comparison of the requirements for the biennium 2004-2005 (at the rate of the biennium 2004-2005), the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 57/293 of 20 December 2002 and the actual level of expenditure and income for the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report be produced on a pilot basis in time for submission to the General Assembly during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
One D-2, Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.).
The requirements for travel costs for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,170,200 (before recosting), or $74,800 more than the appropriation for 2002-2003.
Section 26 Palestine refugees
In the future, it should be explained, either in the programme narratives, either in the complementary format of the distribution of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and between the regular budget and extrabudgetary funds.
The purchases of firearms and explosives in the informal market must be reported to the Prosecutor's Office, the Chief of Violations of the Federal Firearms and Explosives Act, and are punishable by imprisonment and fines, and confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Confiscation
The Committee also notes with appreciation the detailed written replies submitted by the State party to its list of issues (E/C.12/Q/EC/2).
(l) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic in small arms and collecting them (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and the measures to strengthen international cooperation to address the world drug problem, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 12.
During the two sessions, additional information was requested on UNCITRAL seminars.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author claims that her son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because the day of arrest and other opportunities before his trial has been subjected to severe ill-treatment and because of the inhumane conditions in which he is detained.
3.1 The author claims that the persistence of Czech authorities, including the Czech Constitutional Court, is to refuse to recognize and declare that Act No. 143/1947 is a special discriminatory law and that it is as such null and void, constitutes an arbitrary, discriminatory and unconstitutional violation of the author's right to enjoy in any study of his legacy and property, including the right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author further claims that there had been a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, in that sense that a violation of paragraphs 1 and 3 of the same article resulted in the deprivation of a accused of fair trial also constitutes a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 With regard to the question of exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the State party's arguments that initially claimed that the author's dispute was not within the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second time, that under the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, an appeal could now be lodged with the courts.
The State party argues that the author's allegations are contradictory.
The Committee's reasoning in that decision was based on an interpretation of the Covenant that article 6, paragraph 1, was read together with article 6, paragraph 2, which did not prohibit the imposition of capital punishment for the most serious crimes.
On the same day, the author's counsel also filed a request for appeal in cassation, which was rejected by the President of the Criminal Chamber of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Accordingly, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and this part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author claims that his rights were violated, as he was arrested and charged without any evidence of his involvement in criminal activity and that he was brutalized by the police at the time of arrest.
In his statement of appeal, the author had asked for a review of the evidence he considered to be misleading.
With regard to the applicability of the statute, in relation to both the request of the Constitutional Court and the criminal proceedings involved, the author states that in both cases it was impossible under the anti-constitutional military regime at the time to prosecute the torture of political dissidents within the prescribed time frame.
Given that the State party has not been included in false complaints, and has not provided any other relevant information on the manner in which executions of death sentences are carried out, it is necessary to give credit to the author's allegation.
4.16 Secondly, the State party argues that the author has not demonstrated how the Government's action was an interference with his family life.
6.2 As to the length of the period prior to the trial, the Committee observes that the dates to be determined in the case of the examination, the length of the delay occurred the dates of the author's arrest and trial, not the author's date of alleged crime, the date of the murder, and the date of the start of the trial.
It is not required to use only the documents before the original proceedings of the case and may take into account the elements not known when the original decision was made.
The Committee also considers that the State party was wrong to claim that it would not have the right to a pension under article 13 of the Act on the Benefits of Veterans and argues that none of the two bodies dealing with its request had doubts about its ability to meet the criteria set out in article 13.
5.2 As to the Committee's jurisdiction ratione temporis, the author considers that himself and his family are victims of a continuing violation of article 7 because they still do not have the person in question.
Witnesses:
He argues that Peruvian judges would have been able to pronounce on the constitutionality of the text if they had been filed with a complaint that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, the time limit does not begin on the basis of the notice of the judgment, but from the last notice.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance for the voluntary return of detainees to those regions.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed its consideration of this request.
The authors refer to HREOC's decision to the extent that it contains an assessment of the facts of the case, which reinforces their argument that the Commissioner has taken a decision wrong.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to cancel the decisions of the qualification committees and to return them to the police.
The authors have before it justice in the cases of Tamnes, Aursunden 1997 and Korssjofjell and the claims of expropriation filed by the authors in the latter two cases are pending, but they have not formulated a request for expropriation in the first of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner were transmitted by the District Court of Western Fjords, which considered, with reference to the Judgment of the Supreme Court in Valdimar case, that article 7, paragraph 2, of the Fisheries Management Act was contrary to articles 65 (right to equality) and 75 (use) of the Constitution.
Thus, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, noted that the prohibitions of this kind are consistent with the right to freedom of expression under article 19, which entails special responsibilities and duties.
He immediately informed the judge that he intended to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that, mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be applied in the case of the case.
3.3 The author claims that he had exhausted domestic remedies and states that the case was not subject to another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
In addition, the Council of State stresses that a dual remedy may be exercised by the permanent commissariat or the Trial Chamber, followed by the State Council in appeal, and that these bodies may order instruction.
Thus, by arrest of the Minister of the Interior of 16 March 2001, the author's 13 months of military service under the age of service were recognized in his promotion at the sixth step of the body of the main prefectures.
Furthermore, the State's claim for procedural expenses was paid.
Canada, chapter XII, annual report A/48/40/ Vol.II.
See Caballero Degado and Santana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (Annual report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/Ser.L/V III.33 Doc.
The State party refers to similar comments made by the State party in Paulger v. Austria (Communication No. 415/1990) Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
France), decision of 3 April 1989.
Meetings
If a few posts were actively opposed to new appointments, the Government's will gradually be required.
Security is therefore of crucial importance, such as the safety of electoral personnel or the ability to participate freely in the election.
However, the Judicial Reform Commission has made progress in infrastructure rehabilitation and training.
The situation of women still remains inadequate.
Recalls Economic and Social Council decision 2001/36 of 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, indigenous peoples' organizations, the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues and all mechanisms, procedures and programmes dealing with indigenous issues, which exist within the United Nations system, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, as soon as possible, and in any case of paragraph 28 of the General Assembly,
The proposed analysis provides a basis for determining which the negotiating table may legitimately take place and what items are to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of an interregional workshop to support the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in small island developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
In order to do so, two fundamental conditions must be met, namely the existence of a vacancy in which no citizen of Azerbaijan has the requisite vocational training or skills and the inability of the placement services to be found among local jobseekers to meet the criteria set by the employer.
The rest time and lunch breaks are not recorded as working hours.
In 1997, amendments and additions were made to the Social Protection Act of Persons with Disabilities, which became the Disability Prevention and Rehabilitation Act and the Social Welfare of Persons with Disabilities.
The same article also provides that children who cannot be integrated into formal childhood institutions because of their physical or mental disabilities are hosted in specialized pre-school institutions.
The results of the eight finalists were made available to WIPO to participate in the international competitive examination of licensees and 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) The national budget;
(d) Agriculture;
It is to say that the challenge of good governance is at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play an essential role in the field of arms proliferation.
This could lead to a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
This booklet contains guidelines and information on the various options available once the school is completed.
The implementation of a programme of feminist study at the University of Iceland is one of the priorities of the Centre for the next few years.
The Committee issued a programme for a equal rights policy for the Icelandic University for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall establish the salaries and allowances of the staff of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, in accordance with the standards of the United Nations common system.
b “In Ghana, Hope Arrives through Satellite”, International Herald Tribune, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relationship with IMF
(c) Continue to include in the agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes among States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee reiterates its recommendation that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that the children adopted cannot know the identity of their natural parents, even the majority of them and even if it is found in their best interests.
(a) The enactment of new legislation and the adoption of a number of national strategies and programmes, including decision No. 347/2002 on national child protection programmes, concerning street children and children in institutions; Law No. 678/2001 on trafficking in persons; Law No. 197/2000 on domestic violence and the national child; and the national health programme;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, the ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning the Minimum Age for Admission to Employment and the ILO Convention (No. 182) concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour, ratified by the State party:
(a) Undertake information campaigns at all levels and regions to eliminate harmful attitudes towards Roma throughout society, particularly among authorities such as the police and professionals providing services in the areas of health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their reports regularly and on time frames.
(b) Develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as the monitoring of racist acts and the collection of data on such acts;
(d) Ensure that the Family Council has sufficient resources to carry out its mandate.
At the national level, there is growing recognition of the need to consider development goals and policies in a human rights perspective (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical, to ensure progressively, through all means, in particular through the adoption of legislative measures, the full enjoyment of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms the constitutional right of workers in the private sector and public enterprises to form, without prior authorization, the organizations they deem appropriate.
This period is considered to be effective in the payment of the salary, irrespective of the agreed pay system.
Information on the current living standards of the population
It is considered that households, even if they spend all their income to meet their food needs, cannot adequately satisfy them.
Between 1990 and 1999, a total of 1,076 843, an annual average of 107 684.
As a percentage of the population and housing stock, the figures for that year represented less than 4 per cent of the population and only 3 per cent of the stock.
State housing programmes
With regard to health-care activities, some researchers believe that more than half of the decline in child mortality is associated with the expansion and coverage of health services.
However, much-needed legal provisions and procedures for the media and journalists remain.
FIM: Mining Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Act No. 19070 of 1996.
However, it is important that the facts relating to violent crimes against women be made public in a dignified manner and in respect of the privacy of the victim.
The conclusions of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be urgently needed.
Japan hoped that all States would do everything possible to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and build on the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete measures at the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms during the period between us and the second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and trilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If no of the three options are available, the majority of the votes will be eliminated and a new referendum will be held to allow voters to choose between the remaining two options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, shall determine which to vote.
• Women whose education level is higher than children.
Kunst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure for the International Meeting of the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
xi.
In their final communiqué, the participants at the Tenth Islamic Summit Conference, held in Malaysia last month, invited the Security Council to approve the road map for the establishment of peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for its implementation within the time frame.
It is important to set out the three main pillars of this objective, as they show our determination to keep this theme on the long-term basis.
However, according to the assertions of the Israeli representative, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption by the Palestinians.
Armenia has continued to implement the embargo policy of the Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan for almost 10 years, thereby causing tremendous suffering to the civilian population of that part of the country.
Similarly, it is imperative that the Government and civil society work hand in hand to encourage the growth and development of our children.
Last year, United Nations Member States adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have free access to health care and education, which is compulsory.
At the same time, it was able to reduce expenditures through energy-saving measures.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention for the Safeguarding of the Progressive Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session on 17 October 2003;
The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission in Guinea-Bissau, to be conducted by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, and to be the first part of a comprehensive mission to West Africa, and looks forward to its conclusions and recommendations.
The United Nations Commission on International Trade Law V (Insolvency Law)* Twenty-eighth Session New York, 24-28 February 2003 Draft Legislative Guide on Insolvency Law Note by the Secretariat (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2);
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
However, an informal translation of article 3 of the Act may be provided, which sets out national measures to implement international sanctions.
Annex
Consequently, no person who is in a position of that nature cannot obtain a visa from entering Lebanon or the Public Safety.
Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Colombia, Ecuador, El Salvador, Estonia, Hungary, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Fiji, Georgia, Ghana, Guatemala, Honduras, Iceland, India, Kazakhstan, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Hungary, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the Russian Federation, Hungary, Iceland, India, Kazakhstan, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Jamaica, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, Fiji, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, Jamaica, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To consider the question of the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider and, where appropriate, revise their immigration policy with a view to eliminating all unfair practices against migrants and members of their families and to provide specialized training for law-making, law enforcement, immigration and other services, in particular with the assistance of non-governmental organizations and civil society, emphasizing the importance of a culture of tolerance, as well as the need for effective action by civil society,
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and that it is essential to ensure the full enjoyment of those rights and freedoms without discrimination,
Thus, not only the occupying Power has decided to physically address the areas that have been fully under Palestinian control under the agreements reached, but it seems that it will now have decided to take civil affairs in those areas.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 by which the Governing Council of UN-Habitat approved the establishment of the Special Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian people and the Technical Cooperation Trust Fund with a budget of $5 million for an initial period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a broad system of preferences, decided in 1968 at the second session of the Conference, was successfully reflected in an innovative approach to developing countries' access to markets in industrialized countries.
International disciplines and commitments — essential for the establishment of an international economic regime based on rules — are beginning to extend to areas that in the past are the only competence of national Governments.
Special and differential treatment can be useful to address economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing and developed countries.
What must be the role of government?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
There will be a meeting of the Joint Coordination Committee of the Group of 77 and the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries (at the ambassadorial level) on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The above-mentioned Convention was adopted during the plenary meeting of the General Assembly on 31 October 2003, at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken specific measures, although not limited to cases of kidnapping, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims appearing before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane as Deputy Special Representative in Asmara.
After completing its work of 50 minutes, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at <http://www.itu.int/wsis/documents>.
We have yet to do so, now, the responses we need essential issues on Iraq's past production of chemical and biological weapons, what remains its capabilities and its existing programmes.
Population density and distribution have influenced transport and housing emissions.
Some provide for a net increase in emissions from this sector despite the measures implemented, adopted and envisaged.
(c) Asile and refuge several delegations emphasized the need to link the obligation not to grant asylum or refuge to persons suspected of having participated in enforced disappearance, with that of not returning such persons to a State where they may be subjected to enforced disappearance or other grave human rights violations.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures could, however, be needed because, in their debates, specialized intergovernmental bodies generally focus on substantive issues and do not consider the role of the Secretariat, i.e. the activities of the programme of work.
(f) The submission and schedule of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
It is therefore particularly timely to talk of non-permanent members of the Security Council, who are with permanent members defending the principles of the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
Discussion will therefore now begin to revise the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focused on strengthening legal and administrative measures and mobilizing international cooperation and coordination to that end, my delegation would like to draw attention to other aspects that could be considered, and also mentioned in the report, particularly with regard to South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to know and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and associated individuals and entities could unite groups of different ethnic and national backgrounds using their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the follow-up to the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations3 and United Nations funds and programmes4 for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations;2
31.35 The High-level Committee on Management Matters is responsible for guiding the activities of the United Nations system in administrative and management matters relevant to the system as a whole, and promoting inter-agency cooperation and coordination on these issues for the Executive Board.
My question is as follows: What can be expected in the area of new contributions? Since, as previous speakers have already said, this process will be long, and will require significant funding, including coordination and special cooperation of other countries with the lead country.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braun, who have made presentations that have resulted in both relevant questions on Afghanistan, although there are more or less responses to some of these issues.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report on variances identified in a monthly manner and intends to consider various solutions to improve the updating of regional inventories.
(b) There should be sufficient staffing at Headquarters and field missions to meet the volume of air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces
United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNMOPSIL)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to promote the use of identification systems, including the application of the Object-ID standard, and to encourage the establishment of linkages between these systems and existing databases, including the International Criminal Police Organization, Interpol, in order to enable electronic transmission of information to reduce trafficking in cultural property, and encourage the promotion of cultural property, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization;
The political process must therefore be broad, and enough to allow all Afghans to participate in good faith in political life to do so and not be left out of the problem, which, in addition, would encourage them to join the ranks of those who are actively undermining the peace process.
I would now like to provide a more accurate description of the situation by providing the Council with the latest information on specific developments in Afghanistan since last December.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep conviction that security is a and indivisible one.
It might be possible to accept the release of old rings and to abandon nuclear doctrine.
In view of the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution will enjoy the widest possible support by States parties and States not parties to the Convention.
In accordance with this view, at a ministerial meeting of the Quartet, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, introduced the initiative for the adoption of a special resolution of the Security Council which supports the road map.
The President: Y has another delegation that wishes to speak at this stage?
Moreover, no consensus has yet been reached on such issues as the elimination of unilateral measures (e.g. export bans imposed by producer countries and consumer boycott countries), since they are incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, several major timber companies apply environmental management systems designed to ensure that timber is safe from sources of environment and society.
It acts in the management of concessions, the development of forest plantations and the downstream treatment of forest products.
(i) Urge countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve the timely collection and dissemination systems of information on the production, consumption, trade and prices of wood and non-wood forest products to promote market transparency.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former law, which are essentially imposed, should be repealed in their entirety and replaced by more just and equitable legislation, more protecting the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years, men are more than women to work because custom is to stay at home no later than when boys begin to work.
The rights and obligations inherent in marriage are the same for cohabitation; witnesses can demonstrate that a couple lives under the same roof for at least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501)]
In its resolution 42/11, the General Assembly requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to use the expertise and experience gained in the implementation of its global technical assistance programmes, as well as information gathered under various relevant questionnaires.
Item 8. Other trade and development issues:
UNCTAD has collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa in the preparations for the Cancún conference by participating in the high-level African trade negotiators meeting at the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference and the African Union Trade Ministers in Mauritius (June), which has adopted a common position on the Cancún conference.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries in participating in the Doha work programme in the field of trade and environment continue in close cooperation and coordination with the secretariats of WTO, UNEP and the United Nations regional commissions, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as with civil society.
He also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the Kennedy School of Government of the University of Harare in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachusts, on 23 and 24 September 2002, in which he presented the work of the Commission on ICT development indexes.
We also recognize that globalization, and in concrete terms the growth of international trade, offer hope for our peoples.
Last year, speaking before the General Assembly, I referred to the start of the peace process in Sri Lanka and pledged to report on progress.
In addition, women participate in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women, which is part of a coordinated and integrated system of development activities that include mother and child care, and it is reinforced with equality between men and women in a society that believes in the family unit, puts gender equality and respect family rights.
Developing countries face challenges in the field of development, which cannot be seen only through concerted international efforts and in support of the necessary political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
I would like to address two specific questions of criminal justice:
The United Nations must therefore continue to contribute to the process of restoring peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has made efforts to achieve greater consistency in the principles it states.
There have been significant developments in the global balance of global forces and goals since the establishment of the United Nations, 58 years ago.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe in Thessaliki, the European Union will continue to support the Secretary-General's efforts to achieve a comprehensive, just, viable and practical solution to the Cyprus problem, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each committee shall elect its Chairman from among its members.
Persons arrested or detained must be informed of the reasons for their arrest or detention and their right to be assisted by a lawyer.
The latter publication was the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21st meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered section 28 (Public information) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and other relevant human rights instruments,
Also regrets that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that those responsible or former officials or personnel of a troop/police contributor that is not a party to the Rome Statute shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of that State in respect of any allegation of acts or omissions arising from the multinational force or the United Nations stabilization force in Liberia or in a manner that is not part of any kind;
Also requests the working group to consider the information presented and to share its comments and recommendations to transnational corporations, other enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other information sources;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, sponsored by Mr. Chen Shiqiu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Mbonu, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Dominicans for Justice and Peace
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could join a certain level in ensuring an exchange of information on user needs and have a broader objective of integrating GNSS and supplementing the basic infrastructure of developing countries.
Governments do not make the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and disease control.
Expected results
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is developing a synthesis document to which the members of the Partnership, in order to assess the relationship between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, paragraph (f), provides that “any arrested or detained person shall be formally charged and brought before the competent court within 48 hours” and “there shall be no detention”.
(f) Support to the Peace and Security Council for the implementation of humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the African Union Peace and Security Council Protocol;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is an area that could greatly benefit education and awareness-raising programmes.
Sources indicated that in some areas, the principle of accountability was relatively well applied, but that it was mainly due to the figures involved.
Decides to include the following items on the agenda of the third session of the Committee for the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will take place on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intended to review the initiative, as well as the question of debt sustainability, at its autumn meeting.
The meeting will provide policy makers with an opportunity to address issues related to development cooperation.
Mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Office of Legal Affairs made several statements in explanation of the Council's rules of procedure.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
Thus, we are in a phase of the implementation of our political tools, particularly those relating to flexibility criteria.
Staffing requirements will require training beyond the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report provides us with an overview of the Council's work over the past year in its area of responsibility, namely, maintaining international peace and security.
(e) To assist in optimizing the relevance of the outcome of the work of the General Assembly and the Council and to ensure the establishment of arrangements to monitor their effective implementation, including by linking the outcome of the high-level segment of the Council to the deliberations of the General Assembly;
10.16 The expected accomplishments include: (a) the enrichment of the knowledge base, know-how and management tools of government and relevant institutions, with a view to improving the capacity of Governments to implement an environment policy; (b) the development of original technical cooperation arrangements for the establishment and use of appropriate and environmentally sound technologies; and (c) the development of institutional mechanisms to respond better to emergencies;
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary drug use prevention for youth; the diversification of drug treatment and rehabilitation services; the development of policies and strategies; training and capacity-building; and the identification and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 The conservation and sustainable management of forest ecosystems in Central Africa
Strategy
(d) Promoting the use of information and communication technologies and space technologies, including by facilitating adaptation to local conditions or transfer of best practices.
Indicators of achievement would include: (a) the number of members and associate members who have received assistance from ESCAP and the new initiatives to improve their ICT policies, as well as the institutional framework; (b) the number of national ICT training centres and the number of technical cooperation activities with ESCAP; and (c) the establishment of a regional cooperation mechanism on space applications;
Strategy
The achievement of the targets will be determined by more rapid assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; more prompt and better coordinated responses to disaster-prone countries; increased participation in disaster management training; enhanced field and region-wide cooperation; and increased donor response to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation in mitigating the effects of the El Niño phenomenon
Programme 26 Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and victory (Sedoul, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Olendi (Mexico) said that in three years of power the Government of Mr. Vicente Fox had laid the foundation for a fully-fledged exercise of human rights.
In that regard, his delegation endorsed the recommendation of the Acting High Commissioner that efforts should be made to create a culture of tolerance and respect for others and not violence.
New laws are required, but the most important challenge is not the adoption of laws, but in their practical implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the Fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies focused primarily on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their reduced mobility may prevent them from being contaminated even when water is contaminated, land is stored in mines and supply sources.
Such services should be developed and a social contract that is politically viable.
This statement is also aimed at strengthening cooperation with a view to better implementation of laws, provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and special recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force (FATF).
Ms. Knowles (Australia) recalled that about one year ago, 88 Australians had died and 202 were injured as a result of the Bali terrorist attack.
However, in exceptional cases where organizations can be created, the relevant decisions must be binding and the creation of the new institution derives from the functions of the organization that established it.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (Second Committee matters)
The BRF worked on specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in the Fiji financial system.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its one-year response capacity.
The statement is annexed to the present report.
In certain legal systems, creditors that improve or claim the encumbered assets, such as asset referenda, have a security right, which generally pays security rights in the same encumbered assets.
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization
The terms of reference between ICAO and UNDP should be expanded, and those of the project document relating to the Interim Authority;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies to support the economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Support to the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the author of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
Men's decline is even more net, since the proportion increased from 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, within the manufacturing sector itself, there has been a new distribution of production, the desert production of shoes and clothing for the benefit of electronics, engineering and health-related products.
It is proposed that family therapy be available to families in relation to drug abuse or at stake.
This is an important initiative to remove consignments from illegal ships in Armiri, which is jointly conducted with the Land Department.
The land is returned to the owners or their heirs as if their acquisition by the State has never occurred, provided that the owners place the land at the cadastre in the three months following restitution.
In fact, the situation was regarded as unfair vis-à-vis Maltese donors and the amendments made in 1995 to the Ordinance of 1944 on the limitation of rental rents, Ordinance 1959 on the release of housing prices and the Ordinance of 1931 on the regulation of the renewal of the rental of urban property made no longer applicable to the lease lease agreement on 1 June 1995 or after that date the restriction imposed by the above legislation.
This programme includes a number of integrated programmes, which include: prior services in the design (consultation for frequent falses, genetic counselling), prenatal counselling, care for difficult deliveries, child-care services, periodic examinations of babies, immunizations, medicine, child abuse and child development assessment.
Municipal councils re-engineering and move district clinics, while NGOs are particularly concerned with the provision of special services to disadvantaged groups of the community, such as persons with disabilities and drug users.
The Catholic Church provides its own school buildings and equipment, but is also responsible for maintaining its institutions and financing the possible expansion.
Candidates for university studies must have successfully reviewed the baccalaureate, which simply gives access to the University and must also fulfil the special conditions of admission to certain studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD encompasses virtually all aspects of the socio-economic and political structures of society, such as development planning, sound economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, security, agriculture, health and education, among other key elements of any progress indicator.
However, the problem we face in this regard is that the body mandated by the General Assembly to address the issue of reform of the Security Council — that is, the Open-ended Working Group on Council reform — has not been able to achieve significant progress since it was established under General Assembly resolution 48/26 in 1993. The Working Group remains more than ever before.
1.6 The Committee would like to receive information on the conclusions reached by the Commission established by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Waqfs, which is referred to pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report in order to bring into harmony the existing criminal law with terrorist offences of an international character.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and potential use of United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability” conducted by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Disability of the University of Galway (Ireland) at the request of OHCHR analyses the provisions of the six United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability and the functioning of the United Nations human rights system.
Measures under States 9 - 22 6
In this regard, OHCHR supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the draft Supplement thereto.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or their modification, a simple interpretative declaration, contrary to a ordinary reservation, may be formulated in any time.
It was also asked whether unilateral acts should be restricted in strict or expanded to certain types of conduct of States that might produce legal effects.
But the 26 million Iraqis deserve.
There is an urgent need for the message of inspectors mandated by the Security Council and to provide the necessary responses.
The inspections cannot continue indefinitely without prompt, active and effective Baghdad cooperation.
The situation in the Middle East, including the question of Palestine
I believe that President Bush's announcement of last Friday, that the Quartet would present the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible Prime Minister and with sufficient authority would be confirmed, is an important step on which we must build on.
Accordingly, the Secretary-General's proposals to reduce the additional amounts are limited to those indicated above, and can be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the guidelines of the Commission, the Special Rapporteur has consistently paid particular attention to the issue of gender-based distinctions.
A registry (RCA).
The ratification process of the Convention is nearing completion.
In expected accomplishment (a), replace “social problems” with “social development problems”.
Malawi would like to know that all States have a defence and promotion of the functions and credibility of the Court and that it should strengthen its jurisdiction and independence: it is necessary to show vigilance and to seek the unequivocal undertaking of all States; it must also be carefully selected to the judges of the Court, especially judges whose personal integrity and independence must be above any suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) — The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands notes that the courts in the Netherlands do not consider most economic and social rights directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members also have before them document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
It was jointly developed by the United Nations and national organizations dealing with issues of interest in the sustainable development of oceans and the progress of the oceanographye, under the primary responsibility of FAO, and under the leadership and technical committee, which ensured coordination of the work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
In order to meet the needs of the UNCCD, the Global Assessment should include an assessment of biodiversity at the ecosystem, species and genitals.
Special Unit for the Review of Global Policy
Group of 77 (Second Committee: Environment and Sustainable Development)
She thanked the managers for the information provided on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes to human resources management of the Organization.
Expert Meeting on the Definition of Environmental Goods and Services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, however, the poor performance of private companies and social discontent.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of the draft resolution (A/C.3/58.L.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
But policy reforms and capacity-building in developing countries should also be introduced.
OHCHR also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations Country Team, as well as with ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The Technology Transfer and Foreign Investment Act 1992 had liberalized FDI inflows and ensured the return of profits and capital.
We recall that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and military actions faced by Palestinian civilians, the Government of Prime Minister Sharon is acting to support the peace process.
The Palestinians want to put an end to the occupation, with the certainty that they will have a truly viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, enshrined in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all, without distinction of any kind, including sex,
In particular, the grants were used to provide intensive training for teachers, administrators and evaluators at the provincial level.
The group referred to the various forms of education under article 6 and noted that there were several formal and non-formal activities involving children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Awareness (Chairperson: Ms. Višnja Ggasović, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauer, Switzerland)
For example, article 139 of the Penal Code stipulates that “the conspiracy to commit any of the offences referred to in this section shall impose the same penalties as those that affect the effective commission of the act”.
Under article 148 as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001, it is punishable by forced labour for any person who produces, possesses or transports knowledge of any kind of explosive or inflamable material or any toxic, burned, infectious, bacteriological, bacteriological, bacteriological, chemical, radiological or assimilated, as well as any of these materials, to commit terrorist acts or to enable others to use it.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening the role of the United Nations in enhancing the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and the promotion of democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
The “E3” Panel found that Van Oord was entitled to compensation for some of its losses of tangible property but recommended no compensation for its other claims.
It is further noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its capacity to support the Counter-Terrorism Committee when necessary, the Department for Disarmament Affairs should draw the attention of the public to the risk of the use of weapons of mass destruction in terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that much remains to be done to achieve the goals and implement the priorities set out therein;
(h) closed-circuit television services;
It was suggested that the General Assembly:
They discussed, inter alia, agreements and institutions aimed at improving the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine and Coastal Environment of the South-East Pacific and the Plan of Action; the Convention for the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment of the Marine Environment in the Caribbean Region and its Protocol on Protected Areas and Wildlife; the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Baltic Sea;
Another proposal was that the main bodies that should be involved in the consideration of the topics assigned to groups should prepare joint reports to be presented to the groups at the beginning of the meetings, as a follow-up to the scope and nature of inter-agency coordination on the topic, in order to complement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea to continue with a view to its distribution before the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In operative paragraph 19, at the second line, the word “education” is to replace the word “information” and, in the fifth line, the words “to provide all available assistance in this regard” are replaced by the words “ welcomes the invitation of the Special Committee to assist Tokelau in the Constitutional Convention in September 2003”.
On the occasion of a presentation on the effects of the structural adjustment on human development that he delivered at a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki identified three main features of the structural adjustment and stabilization programmes: they are in a limited nature; they are in capitalism and weaken State power.
Any attempt to link the ban on future production and the issue of existing stocks would have the effect of unnecessarily prolonging negotiations and undermining nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament.
(a) At the election of additional members, the General Assembly will respect the following distribution of seats:
According to the World Bank, housing costs increased by 12 per cent in the first 15 months of the second intifada.42, 43
PCDAR is an implementing agency that directly reports to the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority were given, camp refugees replaced and amended their homes and added others.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea concerning the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union is also firmly committed to promoting gender equality and the empowerment of women and believes that the perspective of gender equality must be integrated into development strategies and policies at all levels, including in the United Nations.
There are currently two women heads of district on a total of 141.
As for the World Health Organization, it employs four women and six men.
Despite the mandatory nature of primary school enshrined in the Constitution of 1991, the problems of this level of education are acute.
The success rate was 71 per cent in total and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the higher technical education sector, primary discipline was as follows in 1997-98:
Women dominate the trade sector, where women's report is 2 to 1, textiles and garment production, and food industry other than rice.
According to this study, only 37 per cent of women had already used a condom.
(BAD, 1996; Sendbergen, etc.
The village leader is assisted by a deputy but a total of 12,441 deputy, 101 are women.
Our work on small arms has many aspects, but the human dimension must remain our guide.
We also wish to ensure the success of the Review Conference in Nairobi, Kenya, which will help to achieve that goal.
At the same time, it is important to control weapons and impose restrictions in order to create an adequate balance between legitimate security needs and the unnecessary loss of lives, resulting from irresponsible policies regarding the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
Furthermore, she would like to know whether there were figures showing the number of men and women working in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. González asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Reproductive and Sexual Rights, referred to in paragraph 420 of the fourth periodic report and the Health and Reproductive and Sexual Rights Advisory Service, referred to in paragraph 421, were two distinct or silent institutions and whether they dealt with rights in itself or only health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to take into account, within the framework of the negotiation process, the contributions of the United Nations system and relevant international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties will hold regular meetings in accordance with its rules of procedure.
The Chairman hoped, however, that each organization represented at the meeting would provide, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources where appropriate, a mechanism for the exchange of information.
Other business
“ Welcomes the decision of the Government of Benin to host a regional preparatory conference in May 2004, in cooperation with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of effective measures, including, where appropriate, new financial mechanisms, in support of the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, reduce poverty and strengthen their democratic systems, while reiterating the primary responsibility of ensuring its economic and social development and that national policies play a key role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Belize, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Cyprus, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Ecuador, Estonia, Finland, France, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, New Zealand, Netherlands, Norway, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Poland, Portugal, Poland, Russian Federation, Portugal, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Spain, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Russian Federation, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Spain, Spain, Spain, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Spain, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Spain, Spain, Spain, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation,
They come from the report of the Secretary-General on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, tables 1 to 4).
A woman was appointed under the temporary position of the Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (with effect from 1 January 2003) and another was recently appointed Humanitarian Coordinator of the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with effect from 10 January 2003).
The severe acute respiratory syndrome has shown that regional and international cooperation is essential to address the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives aimed at improving the effectiveness and visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the riots in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country appeared to be slightly back to normal.
There is a need to ensure, through adequate training courses and support, that standards in the development process generate best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need to take this action;
[(c) [Uniting to avoid any doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, inter alia, to decide on all matters raised by the provisions [of subparagraph (b)] above or relating to them];]
Mr. Neser (Sweden) associated itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the Secretary-General's reforms.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/264);
Expressing grave concern at the continued Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, United Nations resolutions on the issue and agreements reached between the parties, including the construction and expansion of settlements in Jabal Abu Ghounaym and Ras el-Amoud in Occupied East Jerusalem,
International cooperation in the field of environmental protection should focus on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and the strengthening of relevant sustainable development bodies at the national, regional and local levels, as this would help developing countries to better address climate change problems.
Achieving environmental sustainability requires universal support for global environmental conventions.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by adopting the necessary legislation or regulations to ensure the effective observance of the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement a system such as the Sédoc, due consideration should be given to the organization of the Secretariat, as set out in Secretary-General's bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5 of 12 September 1997, in which it states: “The Secretariat, one of the principal organs of the United Nations, has its headquarters in New York.
Level 5 is granted to representatives and allows for access to documents reserved for participants, such as conference room papers (CRP), in addition to documents accessible at level 4.
In reviewing the web sites of organizations or agencies whose official documents are posted on the Sédoc, it was noted that some of them did not indicate that the relevant documents could be accessed through the system.
The initial system responded to needs for nearly 10 years, which is much seen as rapid technological innovation.
In some cases, they must be performed manually, and the task is hard and takes time (from three to six months) and it represents an increase in working when staff resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, on 5, 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some are even suspected of assisting others in acquiring weapons of mass destruction, while some are seeking to acquire such weapons, or are unable to eliminate their own stocks.
Secondly, it is clear that the challenge posed by terrorism as a new and real threat to the international arena, introduces a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
Representatives of 117 States, as well as observers for the United Nations Secretariat, United Nations bodies and research institutes, specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme Network and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations were attended.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I welcome the work of the Security Council Ad Hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa, the Economic and Social Council Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three areas in which ECLAC wanted to act as a matter of priority in the biennium 2004-2005, namely equality and poverty reduction policies in the region; national policies to strengthen linkages between economic and social development and ongoing globalization, and the integration of environmental perspectives into government policies in the region.
The first group met with the Director of the plant, to which he posed questions about the products produced by the plant, the problems encountered in production, and the effects of production.
Expressing its gratitude to those countries that continue to host and at the same time calling for the continued efforts of all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations with regard to the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons, and to enable international organizations capable of providing assistance and protection to those people,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Special agreements providing for annual payment or for a longer period of contributions to the budget by the Government of the country in which the Centre is installed (hereinafter referred to as “the host Government”), by any other member of UNIDO or any intergovernmental organization having relations with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between Governments or organizations concerned and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They noted that the Evaluation Office might be fragmented and could lose its effectiveness.
Type: Satellite
The following year, Nauru was still lower, and the members of the Group had listed “measures”, not because of the lack of our laws, but because the rules of the game had changed, and we did not have the capacity to oversee the offshore banks registered in Nauru.
In addition to combating weapons of mass destruction, it is absolutely urgent to address the problem of small arms that play a role in conflict and the insecurity of many of our countries.
Unfortunately, it would seem that, for a very small number of Member States, the issue is not a problem of formulation or terminology, but that it involves other factors that, very frankly, we have difficulty fully seized.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account the differences between States regarding the scope of the criminal legislation, including prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornography.
Corrigendum
There is also a number of girls' schools, and it is used as the 12 noon meals to encourage their pupils to leave school.
There is no data on the level of illiteracy of rural women.
To be held on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Notes the importance of the ongoing bilateral peace negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security to promote mutual trust and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiating a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks posed by the irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of the mandate contained in resolution 57/61, to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO welcomes the idea of working with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national action plans and implement the programme.
To date, in view of the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the latest meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes have already been achieved; many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on how to implement all previous commitments and establish new commitments for the full implementation of the objectives of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomes the results of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development, which have significantly clarified the future working methods and programme of the Commission.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that have participated in these difficult consultations in recent months, whose will and dedication have enabled us today to adopt the resolution.
The overall management of reform and judicial review remains the responsibility of the National Transitional Government of Liberia, with assistance provided by international organizations of experts under the leadership of the United Nations through the knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[In the case of afforestation or reforestation project activities under the CDM for which CERs are issued,] a designated operational entity shall verify and certify periodically that appropriate assurance is in the course of the period under review.
Amphetamine continues to be manufactured mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should have priority to ensure that all their services work together and pool their resources and common knowledge to combat drug trafficking.
This way of management and use is also essential for the quality of extensive pastures and soil conservation.
Annex II
The Victoria State (Australia) assists Fiji police in the use of ristars and provides road safety materials.
If those who deliberately use traffickers, they are not at least exposed to ill-treatment during their perple, including extortion by corrupt representatives of immigration services or other law enforcement officials.
It was hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in the field of peace and security would renew the concept of cooperation of all countries in peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of General Assembly resolution 377 (V) adopted by the General Assembly in 1950.
The crew of the “Chenzou”, who wishes to say “pillin” in Chinese, has stolen space and is healthy and except on Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the killing, violence and other violations of human rights and atrocities committed recently in Bunia, as well as the attacks of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and the displaced persons who have been refugees in the Mission's premises, and reaffirms that such acts will not go unpunished and that their perpetrators must be answered.
Appendix A to the Rules
Under the operative paragraphs of the second draft resolution, entitled “model provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects”, the General Assembly would be grateful to the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law for completing the development and adoption of model legislative provisions, request the Secretary-General to issue them and recommend that all States take due consideration in legislative provisions and the legislative Guide.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/515)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, Rwanda, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court ruled against him in public hearing a term of imprisonment of six years and six months of the head of tax fraud and violations of the obligation to hold accounts.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Purpose of reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, Chair of the SBI, and Mr. Halldor Thorgeirsson, Chair of the SBSTA, presented the objectives of each workshop and outlined the expected results.
The workshop, which was intended for officials from Asian countries to prepare the reports requested under article 18 of the Convention, focused mainly on States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
The economic situation had subsequently improved, with the Government had adopted a double approach to gender mainstreaming in its strategies and to develop gender-sensitive policies and programmes that allowed it to address gender-based discrimination more systematically.
It also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns be conducted for parliamentarians, including judicial authorities and legal professionals.
In view of all those elements, I would like to reiterate once again to the Council the careful consideration of international measures to ensure the security necessary for the progress of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I wish to reiterate that the Government of Kenya is committed to fully implementing the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other relevant international instruments.
The Secretary-General estimates that the Institute's expenditures for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including salaries for the nine existing posts (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service posts), would amount to $970,300.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has proved effective in terms of time-bound economies, efforts and resources.
(b) The guidelines of this nature will be included in the programme presentations guidelines for 2004, and will include, as recommended in the verification of staff training, direct costs for design, development and implementation of training activities funded through the administrative budget, and training projects managed by the Personnel Development Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution as a whole (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document is composed of three parties.
Compilation and synthesis of lives are taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priority needs and actions taken by Annex II Parties to implement decisions 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE may, within its verification mandate, ensure that the parties discharge their security responsibilities with respect to the contractors of the Boundary Commission working on the ground, and intervene in extreme situations to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs shown in this document are purely indicative.
However, only eight countries, compared with the 19 target, reached their completion point in mid-2003.
On 22 October 2003, between midnight and 015 hours, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea off Beirut (at 20 kilometres off the coast), in the direction of Jounié and up to the west of Shakka (at 11 kilometres off the coast).
On the same day, at 2149 hours an Israeli military boat fired a flare gun in the waters mentioned above.
The Secretariat should strictly abide by the six-week rule governing the publication of documents, as well as all relevant General Assembly resolutions and regulations, in particular the texts providing that the Organization should refrain from publishing documents on paper or on its website until they are available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation has never been more favourable to women than in 2003.
Scotland will consider in the near future the possibility of extending the scope of those prohibited.
The annual budget for childcare services for 2003-2004 will be more than threefold in 2000-2001 and these additional funds are mostly earmarked for the most disadvantaged areas.
As part of the policy priorities for 2002-2003, the target of 72 per cent participation by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was set.
The targets have been set for reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies among teenage mothers and measures are planned to improve communication, promote education and provide women with user services.
According to the Scottish Health Plan adopted in December 2000, Our National Health: a plan for action is for change, NHS must ensure that health personnel are at the same, professional and culturally appropriate level, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The Directors of all NHS organizations in Scotland also personally committed themselves to implementing this programme by signing the Leadership Challenge of the Commission for Racial Equality (Commission on the Equality of Race).
Concerted efforts have been made to improve rural services, such as school institutions, police forces, children's posts and childcare services.
The Court is developing a partnership project with advisory bodies, which may involve the electronic equipment of the proposed business centres, courtrooms and the plaintiff.
A strategy is currently being developed, with two main objectives: achieving more women and children and promoting awareness of their choices in security and protection; and reducing social tolerance of such crimes to no longer be excused, tolerated or ignored.
In that context, we believe that, as stated at the last session of the Committee 661, a contingency plan is needed to accelerate the process of renegotiating financial amendments of those contracts.
We hope that all the issues highlighted by the head of the Office of the Iraq Programme, in its report to the Council on 29 September last, as not yet settled or agreed, can be fully resolved in order to ensure that the transfer is made in the best and timely manner.
It is undoubtedly useful to provide the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as already attempted to do Mr. Philip Alston, as an independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the positive developments and the serious challenges that we need to overcome and overcome if we want, as called for in the Millennium Declaration, to take lasting peace and achieve sustainable development.
Table 2 Number of donors who have pledged multi-year contributions to UNFPA regular resources, 2000-2003, by region (as at 28 February 2003)
In a democracy, it is the majority of which it is to choose the rules to which it wishes to accede and, in recent years, Canadians have, in their majority, shown that they want less violence, both in real life and in the media.
Research demonstrates that, with regard to crime issues, it is necessary, only for financial reasons, to move back and focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided that the term of office of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and would begin on 3 November following the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted by consensus resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of the present report).
The Court's budget is based on the Court's primary function, namely fair public trials within a reasonable time frame.
A second technician maintains the database of the Office of the Prosecutor and provides all technical support for the daily use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, which is based on the same functional approach as that used for other major programmes, is aimed at ensuring the greatest possible effectiveness through the establishment of a common service package at both the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions require the establishment of three separate subgroups within the Victims Participation and Compensation Unit in 2004, namely the participating subgroup, the compensable subgroup and the Fund's subgroup for the benefit of the victims.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and Documentation Section
Indicators of achievement
• Travel (including those of security officers for the Prosecutor, the President, the judges and deputy staff travelling in high-risk areas): 952,691
It would also serve to advise on internal legal matters relating to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Deputy Executive Director explained that the amount of the contribution was only one aspect of the calculation: if the other two criteria — payment and contributions to thematic funds — were satisfied, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
It also welcomes the establishment of a working group on democracy and the rule of law and would like to have further details on this issue.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not the modification of an existing reservation, but the formulation of a fully new reservation.
The Office prepared a comprehensive document on legal and judicial reform, which outlines progress made over the past decade, in preparation for the midterm meeting of the donor advisory group, to be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also stress the need for more intensive use of the peaceful settlement of disputes, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
In considering peacekeeping mandates, the Council must be advised on how to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in cooperation with civil society militant groups, and new measures have been the subject of a relatively strong consensus within the Government coalition, and it is hoped that regulations will be adopted soon.
15 and 28 as at 31 January and 29 and 30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are crucial to the sustainability of the human and environment. Our traditional knowledge systems must be respected, encouraged and protected; our collective intellectual property rights must be recognized and guaranteed, without prior and informed consent, holders of traditional knowledge, traditional knowledge must not become public domain, and cultural and intellectual property protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further clarification and proposals relating to the structure during the intersessional period.
It may be aggravated by 5 to 10 years and the fine of 50,000 to 1,000 CFA francs if it is determined that the guilty is usually engaged.
- 1 Under-Secretary-General;
The Civil Code, which regulates family relations, states in Articles 78 and 80 that the human person is entitled to the right from birth and until his death, has the enjoyment and enjoyment of all private rights unless otherwise provided.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been put in place to ensure the effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of entry through land, permission to enter the border can be obtained from delegations of immigration and border services.
Annex
There are no such differences between men and women in the other diplomatic grades.
The recognition of values and potential of assistance that non-governmental organizations can provide to government institutions is reflected in the cooperation programme of the Government of Croatia with the non-governmental sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Belize) said that the exclusion of Taiwan from the United Nations violated the principles of universality and self-determination enshrined in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
Concern was also expressed that the insertion of the “or undertakes to discharge” member would not make the definition too broad.
However, concern was expressed that Variant B did not specifically mention the carrier's liability and that paragraph 1 indicated that the carrier was “guided by its liability” without first defined liability.
The Working Group as a whole approved the substance of the paragraph.
* “Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Gabon, India, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Pakistan, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Swaziland, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, Togo, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play a vital role in other situations of tension such as, in particular, the question of Palestine.
It is the Iraqi regime that it has always assumed responsibility to avoid war.
I would like to highlight the very useful contributions of many speakers before me, which have greatly enriched our debate on this very important issue.
My delegation listened carefully to the comments made by States Members of the United Nations during this debate.
A starting point could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that should guide our decisions in the future of Iraq.
The Security Council shall, and will continue to bear, the primary responsibility for global peace and international security.
My Government has fully committed itself — and will continue to do — in the fight against international terrorism.
We must be aware of the fact that there are still peoples living under foreign occupation and under international law are entitled to resist such occupation.
We also take further steps to develop cooperation in this field with other Central Asian States.
It is stated:
Special allocations for “resident coordinator support line” will continue to be used in support of coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3 above, the Administrator provides for the funding of UNDP's funds, which are separately submitted to the Executive Board.
It will transmit to its partners the lessons learned and confirmed practices to ensure that their policies and programmes address the concerns of poor women, those affected and infected with HIV/AIDS, those in conflict and post-conflict situations, and those that are otherwise excluded from participation in decisions affecting their lives and choices.
Therefore, this proposal does not always envisage reducing the rate of collection to take into account interest earned, which is currently about 2 per cent.
The support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 was $7.3 million.
In order to enable a comparison with changes in the volume of activities approved for the current fiscal year, increased or decrease is expressed in support of the same factors used for approval of credit.
Urban Secretariat
Burkina Faso indicated that it had begun the ratification procedure.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter of 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report from Indonesia to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of issues before the Council is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
reforestation and afforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in those areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization has led to a decline in State revenues as a result of lower tariffs and taxes, and thus reduced public spending, especially in the social sector.
Clarification was sought on the joint group of the Commission on Human Rights/WTO proposed by the independent expert; some delegations stressed the need for human rights issues, including the right to development, to be discussed in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, said that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, the above-mentioned delegations called for increased cooperation, exchanges and South-South regional integration.
One speaker expressed the view that the working group itself was already a follow-up mechanism and that there was a need for further consideration of national studies and experiences and follow up on the outcome of United Nations conferences.
In that context, the working group considered that States should, inter alia, endeavour to eliminate protectionist barriers to developing countries' exports and to delete subsidies in some economic sectors that adversely affect their exports.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate this work, including by submitting recommendations, as appropriate.
The group posed questions to the Director of the water treatment methodology, the quantities of chlorine consumed every year, the chlorine quantities containing water, the number of employees and the chlorine entities.
Finally, he stressed the importance of effective, responsible and predictable collaboration in that area.
Case studies
Once again, the use of the veto power on 14 October prevented the adoption of a resolution as a balanced — a resolution calling on Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by force and to consider the illegal separation wall.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its multi-year leadership development programmes, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, has encouraged the strengthening of national leadership in a number of countries — Cambodia, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal and South Africa — and the Caribbean region.
List of tables 10
Analysis and valuation 287
Iraq's written response to that claim may be summarized as follows:
These instruments include the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in the Atmosphere, Outer Space and Water (Treaty on the Partial Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons), the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Prohibition of the Use of Nuclear Weapons and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons and Other Nuclear Weapons.
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and entered into force on 23 June 1961, established the first continental zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to join the consensus of the draft resolution.
Iraq had subsequently recognized that it had not paid attention to those changes.
I think that if we are honest, we must admit that the “end of innocence” has come, no need to do so.
The latter part presents the conclusions.
General implications: There can be no development and poverty reduction only if productivity gaps within and between countries are reduced through skills mobilization, know-how, technology and information in developing countries, with a view to achieving equitable and sustainable development.
Therefore, institutional capacity-building, skills development and entrepreneurship promotion are also critical to the success and impact of UNIDO's technical cooperation programmes; in this context, it is proposed here for UNIDO's technical cooperation activities as a new approach, which should enable UNIDO to make more focused and more efficient the experience and expertise of UNIDO's technical cooperation modules.
The German-German Treaty on the Establishment of a monetary, economic and social union entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German-German Agreement on Preparations and the organization throughout Germany of the first election to the Bundestag on 3 September of the same year.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights are binding at the national level, given the ratification of these instruments, but also because under article 25 of the Basic Law they have a higher authority to ordinary laws and directly create rights and obligations for the inhabitants of the federal territory, as they can be interpreted as general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties have devoted a separate chapter to the issue of public participation (Australia, New Zealand, the Czech Republic, Sweden), but many have addressed the issue under another perspective, with regard to the participation of NGOs and policy makers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) or as a general principle (Italy).
Others consider participation in the formulation of plans, programmes and policies related to climate change issues (Australia, New Zealand).
In the conflict, it is essential to maintain a minimum of environmental cooperation to safeguard natural resources and to prevent the health of people at risk and the environment that is sustained.
In considering the construction of new wastewater treatment plants, it should be necessary to provide for the reuse of these waters.
The quality of waste in or needs, watercourses and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be consistent with the most recent international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo II Agreement, the installation in Ramat Hovav in Israel should be used.
Second performance report
Mr. Barriga (Liechtenstein) said that the past year had been a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in crime prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including by improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, and by introducing multilingualism and teaching of indigenous peoples' languages and cultures to promote better understanding among cultures.
Upon receipt of additional information and clarification, the Committee considered the matter during several formal and informal meetings, and several proposals on ways and means to address the problem were submitted by the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland respectively.
First, all individuals have the duty to assist the public power, in accordance with their means, to fully discharge its fundamental role.
Article 12
(g) It is important to call upon special rapporteurs and representatives to carry out their functions and to avoid dealing with matters beyond their jurisdiction.
The Committee is of the opinion that the Special Information Programme on the Question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has greatly contributed to the media and public opinion on the situation.
The Arabs have sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, which, as stated in the Secretary-General's report, will remain a fundamental element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the cost of this first review conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by States parties and States not parties to the Convention, which will participate in it, in accordance with the United Nations scale, as appropriate.
(a) Recognized with concern that there was a high proportion of General Service staff compared to Professional and higher categories in the regional commissions and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, where appropriate, on initiatives taken;
(c) The ratio of General Service staff outside the secretariat/ Professional and above-mentioned functions for all such offices, and therefore the need for support capacity, is based on the local situation and the development of infrastructure and commercial services in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children died.
It is undoubtedly the first time since the Cuban missile crisis, that the peoples of the world take the opportunity to take the two options around a crisis of that gravity; that is, a diplomatic settlement, therefore peaceful, or a war, with its aftermath, the grave consequences of such an act for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
It is in the interest of the Iraqi people.
Thus, in two months of work on the ground, it is noted that, through the cooperation of the Iraqi authorities, inspectors have been readily available to over 200 sites, including presidential sites and private residences.
Indigenous peoples and communities are not deprived of their livelihoods or are expelled from their lands in violation of Convention No. 169.
They do not take disciplinary measures or other measures against workers or others who filed a complaint or affirmed that the company does not comply with the Standards;
Thirdly, he stressed the need to be ready to change his positions and to explore each possibility of finding a fair compromise.
Introduction
Greece Mr.
and
In accordance with the Instructions for the Registry (article 26-30) a preliminary draft budget is prepared by the Registrar.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Afghanistan, Algeria, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Chile, China, Comoros, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Cuba, Djibouti, Egypt, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Sudan, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, Equatorial Guinea, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Islamic Republic, the Sudan, the Islamic Republic, Libyan Arab States, Libyan Arab States, Libyan Arab States, the Russian Federation, Libyan Arab States, Libyan Arab Republic, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Russian Federation, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, the Sudan, Libyan Arab Republic, Libyan Arab Republic, Libyan Arab Republic, Libyan
That Syria calls us — or anyone in this Chamber — to listen to the voice of wisdom is a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
The delegation of the United States would like to know why it was seen in the establishment of a body of senior officials as an essential element in the progress of major organizational reforms aimed at strengthening the international civil service (A/57/30, para.
The European Union agrees with the Commission's recommendation in its report (A/57/30) concerning the maximum amount of reimbursable education expenses and the education grant in countries and the monetary areas listed in paragraph 14 (a) and (b) and the recommendation on lump-sum reimbursement and additional reimbursement for boarding expenses (paragraph 14 (c) of paragraph 141).
All parties attended weekly meetings and responded promptly to incidents.
The total bank deposits have gradually increased, with an increase of 6 per cent over the past six months.
This hour of history requires reflection, introductory and action.
Mexico believes that genuine reform must be based on five very specific guidelines.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration - developing countries and least developed countries in all regions - has gradually been extended to services.
Aims and purposes
However, when this amount is too high, it may have a deterrent effect and be contrary to the goal of convenient, economic and expeditious access to insolvency proceedings.
In addition to the estate, the encumbered assets may generally increase the credit supply, as secured creditors would have assurance that their real rights would not be injured by commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The assets of the debtor during the period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The desirability of measures to protect the value of the encumbered assets would undoubtedly need to be balanced with their potential complexity and costs, and the need for the court to be able to take difficult trade decisions on such protection.
Automated termination clause
For greater transparency in the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clearly set out in the law the limitations imposed by the insolvency representative on the types of contracts considered in this section.
However, even if this approach is adopted, it may be that the insolvency representative should initiate a procedure to recover assets or their equivalent value from the contracting party when the latter does not return.
As noted above, however, a total desalination may not hold the business and undermine its continued operation at a critical stage of its survival.
The following list does not claim completeness and, in some cases, overlapping functions or will not be relevant because of the insolvency law.
As a general rule, the committee will act on behalf of creditors: its functions will therefore be directly linked to the general functions assigned to them, as mentioned above.
Where a creditor committee is established (and the recruitment of professionals), this obligation may be enforced by requiring its members (and professionals) to sign confidentiality agreements.
Some of them provide general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan must make it clear and precise to all parties the financial situation of the debtor and changes in certain rights that are proposed, or set minimum requirements, such as the plan should provide for the payment of certain preferential claims.
In practice, this time period may be 10 to 45 days (see chap.
The recommendations concerning the notice of commencement provide for the protection of the debtor by requiring the notice of the request for commencement and the possibility of refute the presumption.
For example, ILO Convention on the Protection of Workers' Claims in insolvency of their employer, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the setbacks in this area.
With regard to the latter, the programme is responsible for providing support to the Economic and Social Council and interaction between the Council and the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination.
On 6 December, the Chair circulated a draft presidential statement welcoming the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, presented the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force during the previous six months (S/2002/1328).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained the required majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the appointment of Mr. Collen Vixen Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Narcisse Ahounou (Côte d'Ivoire of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in good form.
Together Foundation is proud to provide effective electronic communication services that enable G-77 to meet its growing needs of information and communication.
It is a permanent forum in which institutions of higher education and their leaders can discuss important issues and problems in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002) seminar organized in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD ( 100 participants);
Private sector fund-raising strategies
The social fabric is waste and makes women and girls vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, former adult combatants were the only people of our attention.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations conducts a general training manual on “Gender and peacekeeping” in peacekeeping missions and Member States.
More needs to be done in post-conflict and reconstruction situations.
The international community should take appropriate measures to bring relief and compensate them.
Web sites President of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
Over the 12 years, Saddam Hussein has defied Security Council resolutions.
We are now in a rapid growth phase, supported by a strong research and development programme, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the resolutions adopted by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the latest of which was resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
It is estimated that the reduction of one week of the duration of the annual sessions should be translated into a economy of US$ 2283,300, based on the full cost, for the biennium 2004-2005.
They understand that guaranteeing the enjoyment of the right to water without discrimination of any kind and require the systematic, concrete and targeted measures to ensure effective realization.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties and the Regional Bureau may, if necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information11.
Add a new subparagraph (f):
“(a) The aerosols fall within Division 2.1 if the content contains more than 85 per cent in mass, inflamable components and if the chemical heat of burning is equal to 30 kJ/g;
“For UN 3175, the dose test is not required when the liquid is fully absorbed into a solid bag.
P903 Add the following paragraph after "Emetings satisfactory to packing group II.
4.1.9.2.1 Replace "By IP-1) with "Indicators of type 2 (type IP-2) and "Indicators of type 3 (type IP-3) with "type IP-1" "Chemicals of type IP-2" and "Colis of type IP-3" respectively.
Paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.7.6 become 6.1.4.6 to 6.1.4.6 and 6.1.4.8 and 6.1.4.8.1 become 6.1.4.7 and 6.1.4.7.1, respectively.
6.2.2.6.3 Quality Management
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kuenyehia pointed out that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women who were trafficked were immediately expelled from Switzerland and that, therefore, they could not testify against perpetrators.
In undertaking, with the support of the international community, peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders are seeking to base NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
While we cannot support the associated evils of Patrimonism, we can state that it has been successfully used to ensure development and stability in other countries and regions.
While there has been a comparison over the past two years, the amount still remains far below the level of the 1990s.
The firm commitment of the international community, from the floor to action, and the continued and responsible leadership of Africa, working in a sustained manner towards the sustainable development of the continent, will contribute to ensuring the full success of NEPAD.
It is the first legally binding international treaty on the trade in biotechnology products.
• Exposure of organic pollutants and nutrients through ad hoc sources
Appendix
As indicated in the last report of the Secretary-General, a good note was taken in the review of the cooperation activities carried out in 1999 by the White Helmets Commission, the implementation of the White Helmets White Helmets formula and the experience gained in that regard.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the Chairman (A/AC.261/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.261/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, became A/AC.261/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a member of United Nations civilian personnel who died in the service of peace, excluding those who died of natural causes or an accident, after the effective date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, combating trafficking by sea, law enforcement cooperation and training);
Rule 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council stipulates that the members of the Bureau of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs shall remain on the basis of the election of their successors and are eligible for re-election.
(c) The COPAC should organize research on cooperative models to demonstrate the best and possible conditions of its operation and can be used in innovative ways and means to share best practices and experience.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had prepared at the end of others preferred the proposal made by the OIC Member States of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC). All delegations took note of the important concessions already made on this issue.
There is a risk of overlap and duplication.
The family, which is the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for the flourishing and well-being of all its members, must be protected and supported to assume all its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; killings, abduction, destruction and detention are the brunt of those children who have access to education or medical care.
Their current situation in the Israeli occupation is far from a world fit for children.
We hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its vast series of activities will help achieve the objectives of this draft resolution.
(a) To pay particular attention to the protection of refugee children, especially isolated minors, and internally displaced children who are at risk of being abducted or forced to participate in armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
The problems of child protection, including sexual abuse and exploitation, were the main obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West Africa and Central Africa indicated that several countries in the region were in the process of developing legislation for more severe penalties for traffickers.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (non-governmental organizations) has already been established.
UNICEF is developing two HIV/AIDS strategies.
Resources for such activities have already been included in the programme budget for the current biennium and in section 24, Human rights, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
This provision would cover the costs of $12 military advisers/military liaison officers ($4880,200); 8 civilian police advisers ($35,400); 1,159 international staff, 143 national and 737 locally recruited staff); an overall increase of 12 posts resulting from a net decrease of 27 international and 21 national staff; and an increase of $602,900;
Discussion: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I wish to draw the attention of the members of the Council to the other documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letters dated 2 June and 24 July 2003, addressed to the Secretary-General by the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations; and S/2003/685 and S/2003/698, letters dated 2 July and 9 July 2003 respectively, addressed to the Secretary-General by the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations.
“I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Group of States of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, to request the Security Council to extend an invitation to Mr. Ahmad Haekkerup, Deputy Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, Chargé d'affaires a.i. to the Council under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure during the consideration of the item entitled “Question of the Islamic Conference”.
But the effect is the same: annexation.
The fear is still very poor and constitutes an artificial solution to the problems facing Israel.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs of Norway will reiterate this unequivocal condemnation in his interview with Chairman Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories and the excessive use of force against innocent Palestinians also lead to despair.
However, it also took note of the various views expressed in the Working Group on the form and scope of application of the instrument, its fundamental principles and some of its main features.
24-71). It was agreed to recommend that the secretariat follow up on suggestions to expand the scope of the study by also focusing on possible barriers to electronic commerce that might arise from other instruments, including other organizations, and consider with those organizations the modalities for the implementation of the necessary studies, taking into account the constraints that might be required by the secretariat of its current workload.
Companies exercising legitimate commercial activities should not be afraid to disclose their identity or institution.
(i) Carry out a new reduction in non-strategic nuclear weapons that is transparent, verifiable and irreversible, on the basis of unilateral initiatives and in the process of reducing nuclear weapons and nuclear disarmament;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Non-Proliferation Treaty and ban all measures that undermine its commitment to preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The deputies of the State Duma state that when reviewing the documents to be submitted in respect of the participation of Latvia in the Agreement on Partnership and Cooperation between the Russian Federation, on the one hand, and the European communities and their member States, they will determine whether it is appropriate to ratify it in accordance with its national human rights and minorities obligations.
She would also like to know whether the Government encouraged the training of women's organizations.
Science and technology as the basis for sustainable forest management
Secondly, it must be appropriate to use the knowledge derived from case studies to develop indicators for the various stress factors that are both specific and sound scientific.
Date and venue
The Chairman: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 expressed the wish that the text be adopted by the Committee without a vote.
As a result of this simplified interface, access not only to the database, but also to other available information on the website is possible.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Policy coordination
Recognizing the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
Pilot projects had been approved for two of the Territories and their implementation would be carefully reviewed to determine whether they could be applied elsewhere.
The Supreme Council of the Judiciary, in addition to the candidates on the list referred to in article 3, paragraph 5, shall select two candidates whose names are also submitted by the Secretary-General, who shall perform the functions of an international investigating judge and that shall be the alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 18, No. 2545.
KUFEC's claim for the development period of Sidi El Kilani 56 - 95
KAFCO evaluated fuel Jet A-1 at its replacement cost in May 1991 based on the average price of purchases.
The production profile used after that date is based on the estimated annual production rate in 1994, although actual production figures are now available.
Ms. Pham Thi Nga (Viet Nam) said, in explanation of her delegation's position, that the draft resolution had no objectivity and did not reflect the progress made in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is silent on the request of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the international community to establish an international criminal tribunal for its country with a view to ending violence and impunity.
Last November, Esther Galia, a mother of seven children, was shot in a terrorist attack in the same neighbourhood.
They are essential to achieve a comprehensive settlement.
As soon as the international community has endorsed the road map accepted by the Israeli and Palestinian sides, its implementation requires genuine political will to achieve the final objective, namely the two-State settlement envisaged by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive signs that recently indicated a revival of the political process, Israeli settlement policies and the continued construction of the separation wall are contrary to all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while we must admit that one of the sources of this tragedy lies in the despair of some peoples, victims of frustrations and intolerable injustices that are late to be addressed.
On the other hand, Iran does not have a nuclear weapons programme and does not intend to do so.
Armenia intends to make progress.
The unilateral use of military force, transgressions of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage countries, individually, to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI, committed themselves to the Treaty.
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion Strategy of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of these indictees may be deceased and others are never arrested.
In addition, pursuant to a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution now defines the family as an entity based on the equality of spouses.
The plan provides for the establishment of village development committees, which have to rely on at least one woman among their members and are responsible for the implementation of the project at the village level.
We are ready to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal in order for these trials to take place.
With regard to the question posed by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and a rapid transfer would allow cases to be completed in time, as the President said, the judicial process is not easily predictable.
Subregional level
Therefore, the solutions to prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes are the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, primarily nuclear weapons.
In the area of export competition, it was proposed to reduce export subsidies and credits, but not quantified targets or time frame.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment by the Community of the Business Network of Women, aimed at empowering women, including by facilitating access, in good terms, credit and commercial and technical training;
Such a project is under way in the mountains of Central Asia.
Identification
Contents
Some participants stressed the need to explore the possibility of establishing an international stabilization fund that would play the role of the insurance mechanism to assist in dealing with losses arising from the implementation of response measures.
Recognizing the importance of collaboration among organizations sponsoring the Global Climate Observing System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty be deleted from the law on criminal sanctions of both republics and that it be expressly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish an open-ended working group to explore ways to improve predictability of funding.
In particular, mention was made of the proposed provision concerning the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions would inflict considerable material and financial damage to third States.
It would be desirable to temporarily suspend sanctions in the event of special circumstances or force majeure (natural disasters, threats of famine, widespread disturbances leading to a disruption of the administration of the country), in order to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe.
Therefore, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered on a case-by-case basis.
The sponsor delegation proposed the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergency situations and in the case of force majeure in order to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe, and should be decided on a case-by-case basis”, with regard to that suggestion, it was expressed that it did not adequately respond to the idea that such a provision could not be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already provided in the sanctions regime.
It was further noted that the latter principle (Section 5 above) raised an important issue of codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the International Law Commission to know it and the Sixth Committee in debate.
Transparency will remain the characteristic of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
As a result, despite the slight change recommended by the Group of Governmental Experts this year, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States remained unchanged; they believe that the scope of the Register should be extended, particularly as the experience of past years has shown that it, which is limited to seven categories of conventional weapons, will not be universal.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help to strengthen our gains in the rule of law.
For my delegation, it is a historic opportunity since it is the first time that the Republic of San Marino takes the floor to the Security Council.
Decides further that the bureau of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee shall consist of five representatives of elected Member States in accordance with the principle of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors raised several points concerning the liquidation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1n), para.
Please indicate, where appropriate, how your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and conclusion
Source: Hague Conference, Convention No. 2 (available at www.hcch.net/f/conventions/text02f).
The barriers to women's full and full participation in political life are rooted in the traditional attitudes of society, and there is a sense of resistance on the part of men to play a role in decision-making.
The trial of another Kosovo Serb, accused of being the instigator of the April riots in Mitrovica, commenced on 22 November.
Research activities using rocket and steel, as well as ESA space missions, are designed and carried out by research teams in the areas of the physics of plasma, astronomy, air chemistry and material science.
UNCTAD's work in the field of trade and development was not intended to overlap with the work of other organizations, but to examine the relationship between trade and development in an objective and integrated manner in a development perspective, to facilitate and strengthen processes and negotiations in other forums.
The experimental phase had already helped to build the capacity of Somali disarmament, demobilization and reintegration institutions.
Target group: All reviewers
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the Executive Secretary at its seventh session on the steps taken to implement the present decision.
“Des of village”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are unable to protect is your duty.
The Commission on Human Rights must play an essential role in the process of improving the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other interested entities, both public and private, as well as multilateral bodies, to continue to contribute voluntarily or as appropriate in accordance with their mandates, to activities relating to the development and implementation of action programmes to combat desertification in all affected regions;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that addressing the issue at an expanded bureau would appear to be a distant solution, given that the views expressed by the extended office would be an informal meeting of the Commission as a whole.
(iv) All known and projected expenditures relating to the authorized representative of the Secretary-General to serve in the International Advisory and Monitoring Board for the period six months defined above, after which such expenses will be borne by the United Nations;
Its efforts against terrorism using weapons of mass destruction will also be in line with the three-stage programme of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee, thereby establishing the necessary legal framework for counter-terrorism, subsequently strengthening executive mechanisms for the implementation of the legislation, and further developing international counter-terrorism cooperation.
Its production base remains close and marginal.
Despite our hopes that a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been the theatre of armed clashes in other phases and periods that have had a profound impact and repercussions on Egypt's peace efforts with objectivity and clear determination, taking all the opportunities to establish a just and comprehensive peace for the countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also urges States to take all appropriate measures to protect the cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the lack of effective control of the flag State exposes the maritime sector to the smuggling of arms and drug and diamonds, etc.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003.
In times of war, the territorial courts of the armed forces and the military courts in the armed forces”.
Participants were 115 of 59 countries, including representatives of government agencies, international organizations, consumer organizations, trade and industry.
The Temporary PRESIDENT said that he had been honoured to preside over the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Council, which coincided with a period of four years of reform, the Organization enjoyed greater stability.
Ghana, despite financial constraints, has undertaken to fulfil its financial obligations to the Organization.
Venue of regular sessions
If the President ceases to be a representative of a member of the Governing Council or is unable to perform his or her functions, or if the member State of the Board ceases to be a member of the Governing Council, the Bureau shall designate one of the Vice-Presidents as Acting President until a new President has been elected by the Governing Council.
The role of poverty and its impact on the whole population were highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
Appreciation was expressed for the deletion of 57 products and the rationalization of publications.
The Committee recommended the dissolution of the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus, as long as it cannot agree on how to implement its programme of work and that it is not in a position to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that the proposed programme budget for UNHCR was provided through a subvention to streamline the link between the Office of the High Commissioner and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The strategy of subprogramme 2 should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and the conclusions contained therein be submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women for consideration and action as appropriate.
For the list of participants in annex I, the documents before the Working Group are listed in annex II.
A minority representative recommended autonomy for the people of India in a specific region of Nigeria, explaining that it would promote socio-economic development and the full participation of the Ogonis in resource control.
The expression “new minorities” has not been accepted by all, its use requiring more extensive debates and thoughts.
Training courses for minorities should be encouraged to learn from human rights mechanisms and the development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
It seems to be appropriate that a new consensus should be reached on the issue of the role of the public sector in the field of energy for sustainable development (e.g. setting the objectives of public policies, setting priorities and guiding markets), without losing sight of the fact that market forces alone will not be able to address energy poverty in developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
At present, the approach could be described as “modification”: certain provisions of the Convention have been transformed into specific laws.
(c) The two C-160, Turkish military aircraft coming from the FIR of Ankara, entered the Nicosia flight information region, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the occupied area of Cape Apostolos Andreas before returning to the direction of the east, resulting in a decline of income.
There must be long-term and political will.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and most recently Liberia, show the full success of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes under emergency conditions, increasingly complex peace operations, involving multiple partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Moreno Ocampo, has come to our Geneva office to discuss possible areas of collaboration.
These words are the best tribute to the work done by MONUC.
Mr. Pujalte (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): Allow me at the outset to thank your delegation for having included such an important issue as that of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the agenda of the Council.
An ecosystem approach requires the expansion of management functions and processes.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
Process of the Intergovernmental Group on Forests
(iii) Possible measures to reduce risks, in particular political risks, of investors engaged in environmentally sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
Nor was the United States when it offered money to Iranian nationals after United States missiles shot dead an Iranian commercial aircraft above Iran.
Initiation of students in knowledge management, particularly those relating to accounting
(b) Systems analysis and design techniques (Ce-item on computer-related issues is addressed in module 3.6.
The Government of Israel is headed by a notorious terrorist, Ariel Sharon, who, according to two officers who participated in the massacre of Kafr Qassem in 1956, ordered the burning of Palestinian children before their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General, in formulating the conference-servicing budget, to ensure that the resources provided for in general temporary assistance are able to meet the full demand for services estimated on the basis of current experience;
Paragraph 2 would be very close to paragraph 2 of the current model provision 32 and therefore read: “A expropriation of the ground that may be required for the execution of the project is conducted in accordance with”; it would be followed by the options currently contained in square brackets in paragraph 2 of model provision 32, possibly with a reference to regulatory relief.
A second term could be added to the French version.
Model provision 33, as amended, is approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY] Annex II
(f) That, as proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of their liberty must be released in a manner that would allow them to be effectively released and, in addition, released in conditions that guarantee their physical integrity and the possibility of exercising their rights;
The study revealed that the manner in which the administrative services of the Secretariat does not allow for the full use of the opportunities offered by technology or the adoption of the most modern practices, such as other organizations.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General pursuant to the request contained in General Assembly resolution 57/11 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, in order to conduct Myanmar with a transition to a civilian regime, and to ensure that both have full and free access to Myanmar and that all persons cooperating with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are subjected to any form of intimidation, harassment or repression;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/... of ... April 2003, endorses the Commission's decision to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur, as set out in Commission resolution 1992/58 of 3 March 1992, and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session and to report to the Commission.”
• Serious consideration should be given to the dismantling of large mining companies held by the State, such as Gecamines and IBA (the Bakwanga).
Expresses its appreciation to those Governments that have made additional contributions for the establishment of national human rights institutions and the strengthening of existing ones;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;1
The unutilized balance was due mainly to the decision not to purchase new power generators, the generators available through reserve spare parts and were sufficient to provide electricity.
Recalling that the relevant United Nations human rights instruments and the relevant global plans and programmes of action call for the provision of comprehensive protection and assistance as wide as possible, and that the family is of various forms, which differ according to cultural, political and social systems,
The Voorburg Group addressed the problems of vendor identification and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its role in the budgetary process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, in which, inter alia, it advises the Programme on the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and the management of the resources of the Programme on the basis of priorities established by Member States;
Capacity developed through: support for organizational entities and planning entities (public and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support for the formulation and implementation of legislation; inter-ministerial coordination; research and training capacity on development issues, etc.
Discussions were specifically devoted to those items and draft resolutions were presented and considered by the 11th to the 15th meeting, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its mission of six hours and returned to Qasr Ninaawa Hotel in Mosul.
The National Directorate of Control informed him of the fixed-term appointments and encouraged him to participate in the meeting.
The importance of large-scale services as an engine for economic and social development must be recognized;
]
(b) In fact, for any person who conducts a private sector entity or works, in any capacity, in any capacity, for such an entity, to seek or accept, directly or indirectly, an undue advantage, for itself or for another person or entity, in order to carry out or refrain from doing an act and thereby prejudice to the private sector.
[(j) Identifying, freezing and tracing funds derived from acts of corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
It would also be important to ensure that the system designed for the convention takes into account existing regional mechanisms and was endeavouring to avoid unnecessary duplication.
Text taken from the proposal submitted by Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (7 out of 32) reported a “no action taken”.
For this year, a projection is provided for agriculture but not for energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases according to their degree of difficulty by allocating more resources to extremely complex cases;
Agenda item 84
In addition, thematic meetings of treaty bodies should be encouraged, which contribute to improving and making human rights protection more transparent.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate it to the Third Committee.
In the face of the determined will of non-nuclear-weapon States, the States that have the nuclear weapons must show that they are making tangible progress towards nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that planted forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and adversely affect the rights and livelihoods of local populations (a highly discouraged at the Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General of 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations contained therein, endorses the Secretary-General's proposal that an electoral unit be established within UNAMA, and encourages Member States to support the activities of the United Nations in the electoral field in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter of 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report submitted by Spain to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It promotes TCDC in policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador has five women with ambassadors, compared with 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Montalvo (Ecuador) said that the most important legislative changes had been the revision of the Family Code, which had passed to Congress on first reading and was awaiting a second reading.
Resolution 1456 (2003)
Executive Ordinance No. 336, which provides for the replenishment of the National Commission of Action against Aviation and Terrorism as the National Council for Civil Aviation Security.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination, as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The successful exchanges of views were followed by delegations' understanding of the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
AFRENS
MAMM
However, it may be necessary in such a case to take various factors, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of an agreement governing relations with the State concerned.
OHCHR expects donors' generosity, particularly donor Governments, to meet those needs.
The key task remains to address the effects of past violence and to address current violations while developing national capacities to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Strengthening statistical capacity;
The first results of the work of the Community provide a rich opportunity for cooperation between the Community and the International Organization, based on the principles of partnership, participation and complementarity.
29B.24 Programme planning and budget preparation are under the Programme Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in that regard.
In view of these contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the INSTRAW Trust Fund as at 31 December 2003 should be estimated at $735,600.
Request for hearing
Option A
The definition of “electronic signature” corresponds to the definition of the same term in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valenta (room DC1-603; tel.
With the exception of sales publications and public information material, hyperlinked official documents listed hereunder may be accessed through the Official Document System of the United Nations in the electronic version of the present Journal.
Ltd. (Sudan); LXO = Luxor Airways (Egypt); NL = LoneStar Airways (affirmed by the Government of Liberia); Relief = Relief Services Ltd (United Kingdom).
Smuggling is still more than 50 per cent of trade.
The illegal looting and removal of security forces, extortion and other bribes undermine any prospects for economic stabilization and can only discourage capital flows by foreign private investors.
The United Nations should assume a more active role in the negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearances of gendarmes would be, according to the evidence collected, de-listing acts.
HIV/AIDS prevalence increases and children account for 7 per cent of the infected population.
However, country offices should endeavour to develop lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction and goals
Press conferences
The status of ratification of conventions and information received on the implementation of the action programmes included key indicators of progress in combating slavery and slavery-like practices.
The UNICEF observer outlined the Fund's work in child protection.
Calls upon United Nations organs and agencies to develop and implement codes of conduct prohibiting all forms of sexual exploitation by United Nations personnel, service providers and humanitarian workers, and invites non-governmental organizations to do likewise in their field of competence;
Invites States and interested non-governmental organizations to undertake research in order to achieve a better understanding of the diversion of certain ritual practices to intimidate trafficked women and girls;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the 1990 session on the improvement and effectiveness of its functioning (CD/1036), the Conference invited the following non-member States to participate in its work: Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Cyprus, Costa Rica, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, Georgia, Ghana, Greece, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Jordan, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malta, Monaco, Oman, Philippines, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Russian Federation, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Monaco, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Monaco, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Monaco, Monaco, Monaco, Monaco, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Syrian Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Syrian Arab Jamahiriya, Syrian Arab Jamahiriya, Syrian Arab Jamahiriya, Syrian Arab Jamahiriya, Syrian Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
I hope that ministers will call for accelerated measures on all these vital security issues.
There is growing concern about possible links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/375, A/57/786, A/58/600 and A/58/610)); 120 and 121 (Programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and proposed programme budget for the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (A/58/214, A/58/214/Corr.1);
Encourages countries to submit, on an optional basis, national reports, at the Commission's review session in particular, highlighting the concrete progress made in the implementation, including results achieved, difficulties encountered and opportunities;
(d) To strive for a better and more balanced representation of major groups in all regions;
The issue of agricultural subsidies, which distort trade, was raised and considered a serious obstacle to achieving the goals of sustainable development.
(b) In 2004-2005, the additional activities to be undertaken include a review, appraisal and analysis of progress made in the implementation of the objectives; the inventory of problems and obstacles encountered, as well as opportunities, the development of lessons learned, including coordination of information received from various sources and capacity-building activities during the sessions of the Commission; the establishment and management of a transparent information and communication system; and, finally, a summary of partnerships.
This helps to develop teaching materials, train trainers and senior officials, and provide technical and financial support to the organization of training sessions by Cambodian trainers.
The total net amount of USD 25,432,404 for interest and the amount of USD 1727,784,751 for claim preparation costs for the 380 claims of the first part of the sixteenth instalment claims in the amount of USD 479, 1907,451 in respect of claim preparation costs.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and implemented in the context of international cooperation, will aim to ensure that regional initiatives undertaken by various agencies or groups of agencies generate synergy.
The Fifth Committee, having considered the statement of programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General3 and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,4 decides to inform the General Assembly that, if it adopts draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.1/Rev.1, the appropriation of $1,375,600 would be required for the biennium 2004-2005: section 2, General Assembly affairs and General Assembly resolution 1,600, section 2, General Assembly affairs, and section 10, General Assembly,
As part of its host programme, the Government immediately provides housing, food aid and language services for all returnees, men and women, and is trying to find their work, thus making it available to this vulnerable group a number of services.
In the context of international cooperation, the Government conducts a comprehensive overhaul of its statistical and census centre, with a view to improving the data collected and updating and providing gender disaggregated.
There is growing literature on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and more practical examples of this contribution.
See for example Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraph 5, and CESCR General Comment No. 14, paragraph 3.
Is it necessary to reduce duplication in the work of the Committee and international organizations?
Local governments, which are responsible under the Local Government Act, annex II, to address the issue of vulnerable children, must develop their potential more pragmatic;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of developments in net transfers of resources to or from developing countries.
It is important to continue the dialogue begun in Johannesburg on the issue of debt conversion to investment in ecology and sustainable development.
There were cases in the past where meetings of States parties had been severely delayed or cancelled because of the lack of quorum.
On the occasion of Human Rights Day, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights is organizing several activities to celebrate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the Vienna World Conference on Human Rights and the award of human rights prices.
It was stated that efforts should be made to avoid that problem when considering the provisions of chapter 8 in the light of existing instruments on electronic commerce.
He reaffirmed that P&I Clubs supported the implementation of the door-to-door transport instrument and noted that if difficulties could arise with a limited network system and a uniform system, it was to be noted that the transport industry had, to a large extent, adopted a multimodal transport network system, including the UNCTAD/ICC Rules and the COMBIC.
In response to a question concerning the reasons why the draft instrument should apply a default rule in the event of “not localized damage”, it was reiterated that the main issue was to ensure that the liability regime applicable to such damage was predictable and secure.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
There will be a briefing on the Youth Employment Network prepared by the Secretary-General, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Secretariat of the Youth Employment Network, the World Bank and ILO, today, 30 September 2003, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will take place on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
Compared with the posts approved as at 30 June 2003, the number of international staff would be increased by 223 international staff (1 ASG, 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-4, 74 P-3, 13 P-2/1, 29 Field Service and 74 General Service (Other level)), 537 national General Service staff, 25 Professional and 207 United Nations Volunteers.
The latter would be assisted by a secretary (General Service (Other level)) and a Driver (national General Service staff).
Ms. Shin asked about the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission on Women's Issues, the Federal Bureau for Equality between Women and Men and the Swiss Conference on Gender Equality, and expressed concern about the lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Bureau.
3,et.
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to initiate a joint programme of work with IAEA to develop a standard by applying the IAEA safety standards process with the appropriate participation of experts from the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee in accordance with the procedures and mechanisms of IAEA and the Committee on Reporting.
Option 3
To our very regret, the Secretariat of the United Nations has not taken any action to redeploy United Nations observers into the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait so that they can discharge the tasks assigned to them by the resolutions of the Security Council.
Primary health care also continues to be extremely inappropriate in many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations have been a setback.
Among them, the Women's National Forum is a body of dialogue and dialogue, multi-stakeholder and representative, enabling women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and orientation of national policies for the full development of women, in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat has defined guidelines for the legalization of such groups, the training of their members in social organization and the strengthening of managerial capacities, self-esteem and human rights in the departments of Chiquimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
Women's Health Week.
Such collaboration could begin by holding an international symposium to study the various aspects of commercial fraud and where the various stakeholders could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
This document contains information on the following non-governmental organization requesting consultative status with UNIDO: the World Federation of Free Zones (GEFZA).
In that letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities would give serious consideration to the adoption of such measures and would do everything in the light of the “Microphone” incident.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the action teams that could be taken into account in the preparation of the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to circulate a model for their contribution to the Committee's report.
6-20 June 2003, New York
In addition, they noted that the African Union was based on the joint vision of a united and strong Africa that would enable the African continent to meet the multiple challenges facing the continent and its peoples in the light of the social, economic and political changes that occur in the world.
They stressed that those institutions must resist the efforts of some countries that use such conditionalities to defend their own interests.
They called on donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian appeals in proportion to the needs of the affected populations, without influencing the level of interest of the media, or by the geographical location of the location of which humanitarian assistance requires.
The investigations conducted thus far in Tunisia show that no Tunisian banking agency or any currency operator shall have no funds, financial assets or resources belonging to individuals or entities on the above list.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordinating body should be designated within the United Nations system to provide support in this field and the United Nations regional commissions should include certain activities,
Convinced that the responsibility for road safety rests with local, municipal and national authority,
Thematic discussion on the basis of consultations held by the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States.
The draft amendment to the Money Laundering Act, which provides for acts of terrorism punishable by the Criminal Code in offences under the Act, will enable the Office to combat money-laundering without delay to freeze the funds or financial assets of persons or organizations accused of terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is considered periodically on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations to the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization Dalate Counsellor Desert Recovery and the Ushen Timber Section will be the host of the seminar.
It should, ultimately, contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations establishing sustainable land resource management and ultimately lead to a qualitative and quantitative improvement of arable land and an increase in agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and action plans and their educational and cultural policies the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, customs and ceremonies, as well as their histories, their vision of cosmos, philosophy and values.
The cold war mentality and the role of nuclear weapons in doctrines of the nuclear-weapon States, the current stalemate in the Conference on Disarmament, the lack of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, especially the increased risk of nuclear weapons, have created a precarious situation that the non-nuclear-weapon States need negative security assurances.
Participated in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Women Judges, held in Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Therefore, they must be secured by a number of provisions:
- Entered intellectual property rights;
We cannot allow us to leave the inactive Conference or allow it to be able to move away because of the obstacles to them, or because our sense of inaction gives us a chance to decrease the arms.
In preparing the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team engaged in dialogue with local chiefs and military units throughout the country.
These officers have effectively ensured the integration of children's rights and protection in peacekeeping operations.
However, if a staff member is reappointed by an organization applying the United Nations common system less than 12 months after the end of the termination of the appointment of termination indemnity, repatriation grant or payment of accrued annual leave shall be adjusted in a manner that has not been paid for such payments, in addition to the period of weeks or days of salary, which have been paid for the period of weeks or weeks, or have been paid for the period of weeks, or weeks.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council in particular, must act together in this critical period in order to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe from occurring in Iraq.
Therefore, only claims for instalments concluded on 2 May 1990 or after that date fall within the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only the amounts relating to the compensable period may be compensated.
The “E2” Panel has defined the scope of military operations and the concept of military threat of action for the various locations and dates relating to the losses reported in the claims before it, in order to delimit the area and the compensable period.
Canada accepted the presidency for a period of one year from 1 January 2004, after the end of the South Africa mandate on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will conduct a review of the best practices of recent planning activities and lessons learned, to determine whether they could apply to future operations.
If a new operation was to be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be in a position to deploy more quickly than in the past, through the strengthening of the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of new arrangements for civilian personnel on hold (as described in sub-items 3 and 4 below).
The maximum duration of deployment for the members of the rapid deployment team will be 90 days, after which they will return to their duty station.
A CD-ROM of interactive training entitled “Climate management” was recently completed and sent to field missions on a pilot basis in December 2002.
Training in the field has been strengthened through the establishment of training cells in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET and the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware that a single code of conduct must apply to all personnel assigned to peacekeeping missions, whether military, civilian or civilian police personnel, although disciplinary procedures vary according to the categories of personnel.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and the Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, the former Yugoslavia.
Commitment and cooperation are required at the national and international levels to address them.
Lessons learned from ongoing pilot projects show that it is crucial to identify productive activities for which there is a potential demand, whose start-up costs are low and require skills that persons with disabilities can acquire.
It is thus developing tension between vulnerability and independence — when an independent person is facing the new need to receive care and depend on others.
After considering the study of informative and interesting cases, one participant stressed the need to find a just environment between self-regulation and public regulation in order to promote genuine transparency.
The search for a structure in which developed and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered necessary by several participants and it was noted that ISAR could play that role.
New York University Stern School of Business
University of Stloy
United Nations Decade of Education for Sustainable Development
In accordance with article 15, the deficiencies identified were reported to the claimants in order to remedy them.
In the case of a claim, the Panel was assured that the goods had been delivered in Iraq by the claimant, but it was not possible to determine whether they had been little time before or after the date on which the trade embargo imposed by Security Council resolution 661 (1990) had taken effect on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries paid between August 1990 and April 1991 to reduced employees as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur has been sensitive to his support for a number of United Nations agencies in the preparation of the study.
Earlyly, there are 4 to 7 per cent of these buried enterprises headed by women.
- leaders and officials of enterprises, institutions and organizations, and all other persons who assist in terrorist activities, in particular through the financing of terrorists or terrorist groups or organizations, by providing or bringing funds to be used, directly or indirectly, for the commission of acts of terrorism or related offences or transactions involving funds or other financial assets;
- It signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified it on 12 September 2002, indicating that it exercises its jurisdiction for the offences referred to in article 2 of the Convention in cases provided for in article 7, paragraph 2, of the Convention;
This law, which is not retroactive, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Revenue Code of 31 December 2000.
The WCF and its members play a central role, individually and collectively, by assisting the GM in the discharge of its mandate, as defined in article 21, paragraph 4, of the Convention, however, the sense of among the stakeholders consulted, including the members of the CFF, is that the GM has not yet fully fulfilled its role, having adopted a positive attitude.
Design a window for the GM
curfews continue, but are not as strict as in 2002.
The Bishkek meeting, held on 9 and 10 July 1998, brought together experts from the nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention are guaranteed in a constitution or other laws and, if so, to what extent; or, if such provisions may be invoked before the courts, tribunals and administrative authorities;
(a) Seven members selected by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Combating Crime among the candidates nominated by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, taking due account of the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded through voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution must be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the Group of African States, as well as on behalf of the other sponsors, to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti”, which provides an overview of the continuing special economic assistance needs of that country.
As to the proportion of vacancies, it is true that it should not be significantly improved in view of the gradual reduction of activities.
Another source of abuse is the system of fees for defence counsel.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its 2002 session
This figure is significantly lower than that of 2001, partly due to increased security concerns arising from the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001, which led some large resettlement countries to temporarily restrict their territory.
In 1998, many evidence was handed over to FBI on this matter.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures arising from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical investigation — the Government concerned that an investigation was necessary to clarify the situation before taking the measures to be imposed — assess the level of awareness in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group by providing information or clarification.
Brazilian law enforcement officers had been trained at the Regional Drug Control Training School in the Andean Community in Lima.
(9) The proposed regulations also impose restrictions on services relating to the equipment listed and brokering activities.
To that end, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries of equipment and products likely to be used for torture or to impose capital punishment or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment.
It was noted, in relation to the specific cases mentioned in the report, that the port of fers for long periods, or in the case of transfer from a prison, is a violation of the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (rules 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (Ibid., para.
The text of the laws listed in this excerpts can be found on the website at http://www.admin.ch/ch/s/rs.html (23 October 2002).
Under this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of the evidence produced by a member of the Garda Síoichána at least Commissioner, that a person possesses or controls the funds that are or may be used to commit an offence of terrorism or financing of terrorism, or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, it shall decide on a request, unless the defendant or any other person has ascertained that the funds are used for such funds or satisfaction of the funds.
The “terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Decision, i.e., as the structured association of more than two persons, established in time and in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
European economic space, Swiss nationals and dependants
Following a request by the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in October 2002, to provide detailed information on all their savings accounts before 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the Caribbean States members of the Organization of American States decided to join the training of specialized social assistants, including drug abuse.
The small island developing States of the Caribbean have been somewhat armed to address these two phenomena and climate variability.
• Identifying multinational biological resources and defining land and marine protected areas;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent the use of its territory of planning, organizing or carrying out terrorist crimes, must prevent terrorist elements, individually or in groups, from infiltrating and outside its territory, and must not be given safe havens, nor should they be used in other States.
Some regions in the north and south of the African endemic malaria belts, as well as some mountain regions in many countries, are threatened by a malaria epidemic.
The Secretary-General commends all donors for their valuable support to the Library.
(b) Develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt-rich crusts, including applicable standards for the protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Recognizing that at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world is experiencing historic and far-reaching changes in which the forces of aggressive nationism and religious and ethnic extremism continue to pose new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of the functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the International Labour Organization Administrative Tribunal should continue, to the extent that current disparities make it easier for some international staff members to apply an administrative tribunal.
For its part, the administration should respond to requests for review by the bodies of the administration of justice, which are often lacking.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Goocochea (Cuba) said that it was to avoid breaking the consensus that her delegation had accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouheddou (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years later, adopted in Rome on 13 June 2002,
This summary was prepared after consultation with the other members of the Council.
Assistance and guiding principles
It continues to welcome the development of democracy in the Republic of China on Taiwan and hoped that the Chinese people, both sides of the Taiwan Strait, will resolve their differences peacefully.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that item 16 be included in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
Exchange rate of November 2002.
It supported the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at increasing awareness of policy makers and the general public of the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development by taking advantage of the achievements of space research; promoting increased use by United Nations agencies and the private sector, space-related systems and services; and improving the management of the natural resources of the planet.
Viet Nam has committed itself to building a strong nation and a prosperous, equitable and democratic society, placing people at the heart of its economic and social policies.
After looted the wealth of developing countries, the former colonial Powers are now responsible for the death of 10 children all 7 seconds.
Unfortunately, the occupying authorities have banned the Turkish Cypriots from benefiting from these advantages while limiting the freedom of expression of the supporters of a reunited Cyprus, given the occupying forces.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are enshrined in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Microcredit Round Table
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power of most forest workers has significantly affected the impact of falling back to the most poor workers.
These activities are expected to accelerate the discovery of new drugs and vaccines.
Since now several years, the Conference on Disarmament has no substantive work.
In the context of the protection of refugees, which is a part of any, for which it is important, the first challenge is to address the concerns of States in order to take into account the protection of refugees.
National legislation on asylum and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement those obligations in a fair and effective manner are as follows.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with appreciation the work done, under the guidance of voluntary Member States, by the 12 teams established by the Committee at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and urged Member States to fully support the teams in conducting their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, it must be noted that the Organization of American States has proposed that the follow-up meeting at the 6 March meeting be held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully supports the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
More we are doing, more we recognize that we have yet to do.
What is it, by definition, terrorism?
(a) The replacement of one or more officials;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and developed in the main instruments arising (International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Rights of the Child, and the Convention on the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Child, and the Rights of the Rights of the Child, and the Child, and the Rights of the Child, and the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Child, the Child, and the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Child on the Rights of the Rights of the Child, the Child, and the Child, and the Child, the Child, the Child, the Child, the Child, the Child, the Child, the Child, the Child, the Child, the Child, the Rights of the Rights of the Child, the Rights of
A vote was taken by show of hands.
First, it focuses on the quality and availability of health services.
There are 28 523 women (19,3%) out of 1436 teachers.
A few reproductive health goals included in the Ninth Plan and the Second Long-term Health Plan are presented below (table 8).
It is therefore informed and educated of the population up to the level of families in the area of women's health in order to encourage the use of health services through information, education and communication programmes (IEC), with the assistance of the media, women volunteers and health workers.
All formal credit institutions require tangible guarantees for lending.
SAARC summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity in all its history has never faced such a challenge.
Liechtenstein welcomes this development and has participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking in persons and the smuggling of migrants.
In Cambodia, the joint efforts of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including people living with HIV/AIDS, have attracted attention and have been recognized by the international community as a result of their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, production, acquisition, transfer, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, in order to justify their opposition to the elaboration of a convention on remote sensing, make it possible for resolution 41/65 to be a useful instrument, since it sets two principles that they consider priority:
Rape has been used with impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terrorize the enemy population.
Ten years ago, violence against women was a totally ignored issue.
States should implement General Assembly resolution 57/179 on measures to eliminate honour crimes committed against women and intensifying efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes through legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur calls for the establishment of a post of mediator or any other monitoring and discipline mechanism in all peace support operations.
This chapter provides an overview of the obligations of transnational corporations in respect of the right to food.
These are clear violations of the right to food, as well as the deliberate destruction of schools and health posts in many regions, constitute a clear violation of the rights to education and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 2003)
While the situation of the Georgian economy had somewhat improved in recent years, it remained extremely worrisome, with a heavy external debt and a real unemployment rate higher than 12 per cent (official).
Consequently, they were confident that Georgia's non-payment of the amount required under Article 19, and even less non-compliance with its previous three payment plans were due to conditions beyond its control.
The Global Programme against Money Laundering participated in an assessment of offshore financial activities in the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 12 to 22 November 2002.
Among the interventions planned for 2003 and beyond include improvements in national capacities for health and family life preparedness, the strategic planning of the adolescent and youth component of the national HIV/AIDS strategy and support for this component and the promotion of an aid approach to orphans who are respectful of their rights;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and noted with appreciation the report of the Working Group on its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This outcome is the result of your abilities and effectiveness, which you have shown throughout your diplomatic career, both in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and here in the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has been working towards greater TCDC in the context of its programme of work using both its regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Brunei Police, in close cooperation and coordination with other national law enforcement agencies, cooperates with the States of the region where exchange of information and other operations can be carried out under similar conditions.
Since negotiations on this international instrument were concluded at the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, my delegation has the honour to request that item 108 of the agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “ Crime prevention and criminal justice”, be also discussed in plenary, and only for the adoption of the draft United Nations convention against corruption in a timely manner (December)
Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Renewing the United Nations: a programme of reform”;
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125]8.
Progressive development of the principles and norms of international law relating to the new international economic order [P.150].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group had resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002 and had again addressed general issues relating to the scope of application of the draft convention (see A/CN.9/527, paras.
Operative Paragraph 2
Norway supports all the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
In addition, the clarity with which they fall, the efforts of African countries and the support of the international community and the United Nations system, allows an easy understanding of the gravity of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is essential and urgently.
It would also be consistent with the interests of the majority of Member States, which did not have sufficient personnel to consider all United Nations activities in detail.
The first biennial synthesis report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16) would inform the Commission on Narcotic Drugs of the decline in global opium production from about 20,000 tons per year in the early twentieth century at least one third of this volume in 2000.
Africa provided 24 replies (2.4 per cent), the Americas 20 (17,9 per cent), Asia 32 (28.6 per cent), Europe 34 (30 per cent) and Oceania 2 (1.8 per cent).
Financing alternative development and eradication programmes for drug production and resource mobilization
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
It is indeed a situation where all the world is losing. In his report, the Secretary-General explains why, in his view, I am not trying to get that chance.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory comprises 14 public primary schools and four secondary schools.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative of section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries have mainly resorted to PRSPs.
The border is therefore already determined, further reinforced by Security Council resolution 1507, which calls on both parties to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The positions reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal structures of Lipljan ( Pristina subregion) remained vacant, with no qualified candidates being nominated.
The Kosovo Serbs' representatives of five municipalities, namely Kosovo Polje, Lipljan and Obilic (in the Pristina region), Novo Branddo (the Gnjilane subregion) and Zvecan ( Mitrovica region), complained about the difficulties of access to justice institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) national economic stability and decision-making; (b) commitment and determination by Governments to address environmental management issues and promote prevention and mitigation of the effects of environmental damage through the advice and assistance of UNEP; and (c) voluntary contributions to the Environment Fund; and
(iii) Technical equipment: a database and an electronic forum on best practices relating to the social and environmental responsibility of Internet-based societies (1); information advisory services (knowledge exchange) on persistent organic pollutants, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); online database on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction (1); information exchange centre and website of the Global Energy Network for Sustainable Development (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive programme of socio-economic and political development in the continent, and it is for that it must also be addressed in a comprehensive view.
Interdependence of democracy and human rights 143
Recognizing the importance of the role of women in the reconciliation process and the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and exercised without discrimination;
Recommends the following draft decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Emphasizing the importance of fully implementing the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS “A world crisis, global action”, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001, at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, with a view to streamlining and enhancing efficiency, and in order to facilitate her access to the information she needs to carry out her functions, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their potential mechanisms to promote women's human rights;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, United Nations bodies, programmes and specialized agencies, as well as international and non-governmental organizations to indicate their efforts to promote and implement, where appropriate, the guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights and the present resolution, in consultation with interested parties, an interim report for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Urges States to pay particular attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account the fact that girls and boys can be exposed to different types;
Notes with satisfaction that the General Assembly has affirmed that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous people is one of the major goals of the Decade, and calls for the speedy implementation of the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling General Comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee concerning derogations from the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in times of emergency,
Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) Continue its efforts to restore the rule of law, including by working with international donors on the training of law enforcement authorities, who are interested in protecting and defending human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take steps to improve access to justice, as well as to implement measures to reform the penitentiary system in conformity with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43, paragraph 2, of the Convention, which brings the membership of the Committee on the Rights of the Child from 10 to 18, expressing the hope that the amendment will enable the Committee to carry out further tasks related to the follow-up to the two Optional Protocols to the Convention and also hopes that the Committee will address the delay,
(g) To grant the widest possible assistance in any investigation, criminal proceedings or extradition proceedings relating to the offences referred to in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including in order to obtain the necessary evidence for the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
Also at the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally introduced the amendments (E/CN.4/2003/L.77) proposed to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.2, which would include two new paragraphs as follows:
Discrimination in the criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the amendment (E/CN.4/2003/L.103) proposed in draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.66, whose country was the author.
Subsequently, Eritrea and Malaysia joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised operative paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women are more than men, the age gap, and the status of older women everywhere must be a priority,
It was understood that if the reimbursement was based on a standard rate, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for expenses incurred by their participation in a United Nations peacekeeping force.
In this regard, he had discussions with the Secretariat to ensure that, now, detailed information on the simplified approach would be provided.
According to the additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had planned 46 aircraft for 2002/03: 22 helicopters and 24680 flight hours and 39 700 flight hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. by Mr. David Anderson, President of the Governing Council at its twenty-first session.
Finally, he announced that, at the request of UNEP, an advisory committee of judges had been established to deepen cooperation between UNEP and the judiciary.
By a note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted Member States and received in writing the following thematic proposals:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures constitute one of the main obstacles to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
Replace Gg CO2 equivalent
Often, the “Chinese churches” are involved in maintaining this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore not in a position to provide information on the fate of the persons concerned or on the place in which they are located.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, including 318 on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 through information provided by the source.
A small number of cases concern persons who were reportedly arrested at checkpoints by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000, or abducted by Hizbollah and transferred to the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted once again two updated cases on the basis of further information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our congratulations and thanks to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barthemy who, through their dedication and availability, are honoured to the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $76,000 relates to the costs of meetings of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: gender statistics advisory services, some other measurable aspects of socio-economic life and information technology;
During that raid, two Palestinians, including a 15-year-old boy, Mohammed Rabie Saber, were killed.
Developments in the peace process
However, between the months of July and September 2002, certain absolutely condemnable acts committed by the regular armed forces have resulted in the death of a considerable number of civilians, including the elderly, women and children whose responsibility in the conflict is far from being proven.
A member from Eastern European States;
Noting that, given that some Parties have submitted their notifications with delay or have not submitted them, and that delays in the implementation of the in-depth reviews have been hampered,
It is expected that their implementation will continue to raise problems in the future, as time will need to change the financial management culture and focus on outputs and achievements rather than on inputs and planning.
It was regrettable that the overall achievement of the goals set out in the Programme of Action had not been achieved, leaving the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance to affect the lives of millions of people around the world.
They may do so in writing at any time.
Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee notes with concern that the rights set out in the Covenant are not sufficiently protected with regard to a large number of migrant workers living in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party request international assistance in the effective functioning of the Office of the Public Defender.
It also commends the efforts of the State party to make public the results of its interaction with the United Nations human rights treaty bodies, including by making it possible to consult their reports on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and bringing the concluding observations of the bodies.
With regard to general comment, he felt that emphasis should be placed on equality between men and women.
Individuals and groups should have full access, on an equal basis, to information available to public authorities or third parties concerning water, water and environment.
The operation “A package for a peacekeeper” allowed the dispatch of peacekeepers to the mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Lebanon 15,000 packages at the end of the year.
Reiterates its call upon the parties to intensify efforts to take confidence-building measures and to contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Uganda, Rwanda, Tonga.
In particular, a package of documents should be developed:
A collective approach and spirit have emerged.
We will achieve those goals only by facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, by raising awareness of the dangers posed by mines, destroying stockpiled mines, providing assistance to victims, facilitating their social reintegration and convince new States to formally adhere to the Convention and to comply with its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political necessity of the Ottawa Convention, which is a means of significantly improving the lives of people in many countries seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel landmines.
The report also presented a synthesis of the evolution of the role of the Special Unit for TCDC and outlined some of the adjustments arising from its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) Is the accomplice of a person who commits or attempts to commit one of these acts.
“ 1 bis.
If homicide is committed by the author, when he conducts a pre-bri summer vehicle, under the effect of drugs or drugs who have his or her personality, or in a situation which undermines or reduces his mental, vagueness or physical capacity, the term of imprisonment imposed on him is twice that applied in the absence of such circumstances.
Each of the cases reviewed and heard, the President shall make the recommendations concerning contracts for approval by the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) The holding of the nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee in Brazzaville from 14 to 17 May 2003;
Convinced of the need to make every effort to make an effective and coordinated response to the challenge posed by the clearance of anti-personnel mines worldwide and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition, the social insurance courses in LOGSE are intended for young people who enter the labour market without completing their training.
Branches of social security included in the Spanish system
The beneficiaries of this pension are surviving spouses and separated or divorced spouses, or whose marriage has been declared invalid.
For that reason, the facilitation of access to adequate housing is a principle that must guide public action.
(c) Management and resolution of personalized economic grants relating to protected housing, and protection for rehabilitation;
In those agreements, central and autonomous government administrations retain their respective standard-setting competencies, in a concerted manner to achieve the cultural object of the conventions, which is financed in the proportion or in the amount awarded.
A solution may be to provide children with culturally appropriate education and to raise awareness of the gender perspective in order to promote a new culture that promotes joint action against HIV/AIDS and improve the economic and social situation of all.
The rule in Barcelona Traction derives from the general principles of the law of societies recognized by civilized nations and not customary international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule set out in Barcelona Traction led States to resort to bilateral investment treaties, allowing investors to resolve their disputes with the host State before resorting to ad hoc arbitration tribunals or the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes established by the Convention on Investment Disputes between States and nationals of other States.
Barcelona Traction Authority
In the case of Deagoa Bay, the United Kingdom and the United States strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when they intervened to protect their nationals who were shareholders in a Portuguese company that Portugal itself had caused an injury, but the arbitral tribunal had before it the dispute had jurisdiction only to establish the amount of compensation.
Therefore, a corporation cannot change its nationality for the purposes of diplomatic protection by changing its social headquarters, domicile or location.
Ibid., p. 5.
“The Court notes from the outset that the complainants do not complain of a violation of their rights as brilliant action, such as that of sitting in the General Assembly and voting.
The widest possible legal assistance is provided, as far as the relevant laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the requested State Party permit, in investigations, prosecutions and judicial proceedings concerning offences of which a legal person may be held liable in the requesting State Party in accordance with article [] [Responsibility of legal persons] of this Convention.
(c) The full or partial allocation of the value of such proceeds or assets or funds derived from their sale to the reduction of the multilateral debt of the requesting State Party.
]
Addition proposed by Ukraine.
Decisions to be taken by the General Assembly on the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon are as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural youth worldwide, FAO also emphasizes in its programmes, projects and activities the importance of close family ties and the protection of large family values.
Although the situation of those persons has changed somewhat in the wake of the recent conflict, some families having returned to their homes, the relocation of displaced persons remains a major humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional human rights arrangements continues to facilitate and improve cooperation opportunities,
Studies and diplomas
Publications
- Aspects of the rights of contingent soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Concern was expressed at both external factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/OC.263) sent by Inocencio Arias, Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a supplementary interim report pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In that regard, I should like to reiterate the Secretariat's capacity and to learn from the success of the expert groups.
It goes without saying that my delegation fully associates itself with the statement by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcello Spatafora, who spoke with so many of the European Union.
In view of the fact that I also represent in today's debate the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan, I would like to stress the crucial role and stimulating the role of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: postgraduate studies in political sciences at the University of Stacre-Cur of Milan
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers arrived without permission on the island of Christmas, Cocos and Ashmore have been returned to Nauru and Manus in Papua New Guinea, where they would be hosted in detention centres pending the decision of their asylum applications;
Because of the signs observed in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we hope to complete the preparatory process, but also the conference.
As we have stated on many occasions, we fully support the regional approach to issues relating to the Great Lakes region, which is the importance of adequate preparations for this international conference.
The Committee dealing with the issue of treaties has made some progress, including a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, but a number of issues of principle have made real progress.
In previous negotiations under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denktash, in the context of a comprehensive package of measures, had agreed that the area of the Turkish Cypriot State was located in that range.
As a result, concrete results in the field of gender equality do not appear to be commensurate with the number of measures taken or the political will of the Government of Canada; she would therefore like to know whether the Government had new ideas to move forward.
There would be a need for more comprehensive information on the services available to women, on the financing of women's organizations and policies for women, on individuals and organizations responsible for those efforts and on the measures taken in cooperation.
OIOS rightly points out that the centres in the seconds must be managed differently from those in the first, where access to the Internet and libraries is not problematic.
Ms. Afifi (Morocco) said it was very important for the Organization to have internal oversight mechanisms to detect irregularities and recommend solutions.
It is important to identify these transgressions as soon as possible and to prevent them from growing.
The items proposed will be added to the list contained in the report of the Third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.4.2 The aerosol aerosol aerosols must be classified as inflamable, extremely inflamable or inflamable in accordance with the following criteria:
The movement of indigenous youth emphasized the revitalization of indigenous languages.
There is no rule and seems to be determined to implement its declared intentions despite international condemnation.
We have also noted that it continues, in defiance of the will of the international community, the construction of an expansionist wall, usurping the Palestinian land and preventing Palestinians from living normally.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the authority to carry out this essential task.
Emphasizing the importance of education in the promotion of tolerance, which is to accept and respect diversity, and that education, particularly in schools, should contribute positively to promoting tolerance and eliminating discrimination on the basis of religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of General Assembly resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 calling for the necessary mechanisms to enable its associated members, including the small island Territories, to participate, subject to the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, in special sessions of the Assembly to be devoted to the review and appraisal of the implementation of the plans of action of the world conferences of the States,
The interest of an indicator on deposit guarantee mechanisms is easily explained as the public considers that banks are not companies like others.
One of these steps has been the establishment of a system to collect information on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization agrees with the statute of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Néstoror Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
It is necessary to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system, and we must also strengthen the role of our international Organization as a coordinator of the efforts of the international community to support affected countries, taking into account the priorities of the authorities of those States themselves.
The necessary legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities for pre-disaster planning and disaster management, including the transfer of military control responsibility for disaster management.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters, New York, from 20 to 23 January.
He stressed that total cost recovery was a fundamental necessity of the UNOPS business model.
They wished him a happy retirement.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and curfew in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would enable the programme to exceed its objectives.
It urges them not to recruit children as soldiers or as auxiliary personnel, or even to engage in armed conflict.
Notes with appreciation the success of the pilot project on the development of an international broadcasting capacity for the United Nations and endorses the Secretary-General's proposal that the pilot project be an integral part of the Department's activities;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide free access to the United Nations Official Document System through connectivity to the United Nations web site, to be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Supp.
On a more encouraging note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group, and stressed that it was necessary to continue.
It was noted that much could be learned of existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Basel Convention website (www. base.int).
At its 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on this agenda item on the basis of the draft resolution contained in the relevant conference room paper, as orally amended.
(a) Undertake and oversee concrete activities of the project on priority areas, in particular the production, movement and environmentally sound management of wastes, and the active promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Armenia, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cuba, France, Gabon, Guatemala, India, Ireland, Japan, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Republic of Korea, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Russian Federation, Syrian Arab Republic, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland,
The French version of the UNGENG information plant was published.
The Conference began its consideration of agenda item 21 (Adoption of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before it is continuing and adopted by the final text of its draft report.
Noting also the essential role played by the present United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and the sessions of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During his meeting with local NGOs, the expert's attention was once again drawn to the need to provide uniforms to police officers and to train them.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on forest products production, consumption and trade (1); forest resource database (1); database on assistance to countries with economies in transition (1); maintenance of a web site providing documentation on meetings, excerpts of publications and information on activities related to the timber subprogramme (1);
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information on trafficking in children and child prostitution, including children, children's challenges, government ministries, police, including the Central Office for the Suppression of Trafficking in Human Beings and the Juvenile Protection Brigade, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For meetings of the governing bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the provisions of the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly respected, unless otherwise decided by the participants; if the secretariats are not in a position to provide pre-session documents in all mandated languages for reasons beyond their control, they should, on an exceptional basis, submit them in the form of abredominated or summary summaries in the relevant languages;
Although the WIPO secretariat had informed the Inspectors that it did not use the term “official language”, [signalons] [it to emphasize] that, when the General Assembly of WIPO had considered a report entitled “Use of Portuguese as a working language of WIPO” (WO/GA/26/1), at its session in September-October 2000, it recalled the decision taken by the governing bodies in 1979”.
Such an exercise could be carried out in the context of an inventory of the language knowledge of staff who should itself be part of the periodic data provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or on human resources management.
It is also stated that the time frame for translation is supplemented by normal time limits for implementation.
For example, the peer review process of the Organisation for Economic Development Assistance Committee could be expanded to include trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed by the Human Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement comprehensive study programmes, including on human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention with a view to changing stereotypical attitudes regarding the roles of men and women, and in particular to accept the idea that children's education is a social responsibility as well as fathers.
In addition, indicators to address school dropout and adolescent pregnancy in national fertility surveys had been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that it had expressed in its consideration of the third periodic report on the Act on the time limit of 300 days imposed on widow or divorced women before remarry.
The Committee recommends that the State party take further measures to enable everyone to reconcile more easily family responsibilities and professional responsibilities and promote a fair sharing of domestic and family tasks between men and women.
It is concerned that there is no systematic data collection on violence against women, including domestic violence.
According to the Banking Act (No.
(b) A fine of $500,000, if it is a moral person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press release on the exchange of correspondence relating to the visits of Argenians in South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, including the following:
The facts and history of contracts in connection with the project were presented in paragraphs 304 to 312.
This amount includes USD 2,3003,392 for the project's work and the materials that would have been delivered instead of the project and (b) USD 1,457,674 for the retention of SEOG retention monies.
The evidence shows that the work of the last decomated (summer 47 and 61) was performed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the Consortium gave a satisfactory explanation of the departure of its employees from Iraq, because of the lack of supervision of project assets.
No other deduction was made after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Iraqi customs authorities never cancelled the remaining portion of the fines (IQD 348,000) that they had handed over to the Consortium.
In short, the Committee expects to shorten these reports and recommendations, wherever possible, and thus reduce the cost of translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, with regard to the follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits, the Council must play a central role in monitoring concrete progress towards the various goals of those conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which heads of State and Government pledged to make every effort to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol enters into force and begin to implement the mandated emission reductions,
That suggestion was not accepted, but it was hoped that the authors would wish to ask whether a less frequent review would not suffice in the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of the Interior and Planning of the Territory of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed with the Executive Board to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore intended to provide the Committee with the necessary resources to carry out its tasks.
It cannot be justified in any way that it is tolerated, whose consequences are always serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to promoting the equitable use of ocean resources and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to the follow-up to the Millennium Summit, reference should be made to the Secretary-General's observation in his report that the goals could be achieved if, by 2015, we have joined and increased the momentum of the past three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, there can be no more important or more noble goal than poverty eradication.
Death in suspicious conditions that have not been clarified has been recorded in the Mape internment camp, in which Liberian combatants seeking refuge in Sierra Leone.
The recovery of heavy weapons began in Mazar-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration will begin only in early January to allow sufficient time to verify the four divisions in the area, as well as the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers supposed to participate in the operation, either twice as in the pilot phases of Kunduz and Gardez.
However, these means should not be available before the beginning of summer 2004, when five provincial reconstruction teams in the north of the country should move under ISAF command.
Activities for which more core resources should be released include:
UNIFEM strategies
Ten-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on women, peace and security (S/2002/1154); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Experts Assessment on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Role in Peace-building (UNIFEM, 2002); No.
The Panel finds that the illicit import of Serbian weapons has increased considerably by the Government of Liberia in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations aid agencies are currently developing five regional offices in Saclepea (Nimba, Nimba, Voinjama (Lofa), Gbarnga-Phebe (Bong), Harper ( Maryland) and Zwedru (Gdeh), from which they provide humanitarian assistance within the country.
Charles Taylor was exercising control over all industries that benefit, lawful or unlawful, Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral bodies
The weakening of Islamist groups would be due to the improvement of the economic situation, the opportunities offered by power, social resistance, especially those of elites, of freedom and democracy, but also to the work of law enforcement forces, both and if monquis appear to have lost the attraction of many young people.
Today, according to the Ministry of Religious Affairs, there are 11,941 mosques in operation, of whom 1,840 would be completed and 1,079 in the course of implementation.
The working papers prepared by the major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report to the Commission on the work of the Committee on Energy at its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) ESCWA member States will support efforts to encourage the use of information and communication technologies with a view to improving competitiveness and productivity; (b) there will be sufficient infrastructure and information technology applications to facilitate networking and connectivity; (c) Member States will implement the World Summit recommendations.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam was a religion of tolerance; Shari had been fully compatible with human rights.
In particular, it was intended to identify effective algorithms of filiation and the path of the fire window, because the problem is high.
In collaboration with researchers of the Lawrence Lumore National Laboratory (United States) and the Imperial College of London, the Muséum of Natural History continued to assess in situ particles in a tumel de siliice.
The key development challenges should be linked to the equipment seized, its system of correction of attitude and orbit and its guidance, navigation and control elements, as necessary for the secured approach of uncontrolled and unforeseeable objects.
At least two disturbances (the Ekran satellite and the goldge of a Saman rocket) occurred in the geostationary orbit, but the corresponding fragments were not identified, meaning that their orbits are unknown.
Item 3.
“The Security Council supports the commitment of the Interim Administration of Afghanistan to eradicate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement decrees prohibiting the cultivation, production and transformation of opium poppy, including the illicit traffic in drugs and drug abuse.
The list of these issues was presented by the author during the UNCTAD meeting held in Bangkok in 2002.
Regional and global approaches are not contradictory but complementary and interdependent.
• Regional security exceptions
Minimum requirements for medical treatment
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9, 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered the quadrennial reports deferred from previous sessions under agenda item 4.
The secretariat would prepare a draft letter, circulated to members of the working group.
With regard to the development of the content, emphasis is on the design of products and services in languages, materials and presentations that allow for the dissemination and optimal use of broadcasters and users.
• In order to expand its scope of action, the Regional Information Centre will work closely with the offices of Resident Coordinators in countries where there is and can conclude partnerships with national institutions and organizations, such as United Nations Associations.
Phase 2 ended on 4 February 2002 with the entry into operation of the new multilingual system, which fully utilizes the multilingual capacities of the Lotus Notes, allowing users to choose among the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity on the right and practice of custody, the duration of such custody and access to a lawyer during the latter.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Human Rights Consultative Commission to function, in accordance with the Principles concerning the Status of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (“the Paris Principles”), as set out in General Assembly resolution 48/134.
Information on measures taken by the authorities to prosecute perpetrators of trafficking, as well as more specific information on the number of victims and the number of children receiving protection, repatriation and reintegration measures, should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements and the biennial support budget are fully in harmony with the four-year clarification period.
Ms. Shin wished to congratulate Mexico on convening the first global conference on women in 1975 and to ratify the Convention as soon as possible.
Equality of men and women is particularly important in economic and social development.
Therefore, UNISPACE III had essentially objectives:
The Ministry of Justice has received requests for registration from over 100 parties.
Examples of initiatives aimed at strengthening the capacities of LDCs to implement good governance principles include financing, through the United Kingdom Department of International Development, a programme of reforms of local government in the United Republic of Tanzania; the support provided by the G8 to the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which includes 34 LDCs; Italy's participation in the African Regional Assistance Committee;
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example, have announced additional debt relief and, in view of the lack of reserves of the HIPC Trust Fund, some have decided to increase their contribution to the Fund, and the Government of Morocco has announced the cancellation of the debt of African LDCs and the duty of their exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his latest report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), as well as the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
Relations with Jakarta have been standardized; members of militias in West Timor seem to be largely demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I wish to stress that, as rightly stated by the Secretary-General, the country's sustainable stability will depend on the political commitment of Timor-Leste to the rule of law and its continuing efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism was installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
The general debate will be broadcast live on the Web and archived for visionation at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity referring to the Turkish representative is only one — and I work here with the terminology of the European Code of Human Rights, which is dependent, local in Turkey, and nothing else.
The Anti-racism European Network is also organizing, annually, in Monecchio, Italy, the Cupe of the anti-racism world, a cultural and sporting event that brings together artists and non-European professional writers and belonging to migrant communities.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Panel discussion on “Implications of biological weapons”
Article 34 Accounting
(b) If spouses are all two Secretariat staff members, one of the members of the couple may benefit children from the provisions of subparagraphs (a) (i) and (ii) above, the other who may avail themselves of the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) of the paragraph if it otherwise meets the requirements;
The discussion of this issue resulted in a discussion of measures to increase transparency in small arms and light weapons.
In view of the importance of partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, participants at the meeting called for more such initiatives and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II to the Staff Regulations - the amount of education grant and special education grant
Annex III
(ii) Matters relating to registries under Article 7, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions of the 2000 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons;
Seriously concerned about discrimination against girls and violations of their rights, all of which are often less than boys access to education, adequate food and physical and mental health care, which are less than rights, opportunities and benefits of childhood and adolescence, and are frequently subjected to various forms of cultural, sexual and economic exploitation, as well as to sexual violence, as well as cultural, social and economic violence, as well as harmful forms of cultural, sexual and cultural,
Emphasizing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should constitute the standard for the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, and recognizing the importance of the optional protocols to the Convention, which relate to children involved in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, and other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing and ratifying or acceding to the Optional Protocols to the Convention relating to children engaged in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, and urges them to implement them fully;
Convinced that collective action provides better results, it believes that all nations in a position to do so should contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
These include data management and mine-action standards.
I do not intend to prejudge the intentions of the high-level panel on United Nations reform, but I believe that the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is envisaged in peacekeeping mandates and, where appropriate, is included.
See, in general, Best Practices in Poverty Reduction: An analytical Framework, Else Øer (ed.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, as soon as possible the closure of the session of the Commission, chapter II of the report of the Commission, where summaries of the work of the session, chapter III of the item on which the comments of States would be particularly interesting to the Commission, and the draft articles adopted by the Commission on first or second reading;
In the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers committed themselves under the Charter to ensure that the Territories under their administration reach an appropriate level of self-government.
The Chairman: If no other delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Ad Hoc Committee shall be held in 2003, within existing resources, at least one session of 10 working days prior to the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
A outcome of the meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation policies and legislation.
A. 7), chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now in the urgent need of assistance and support from the international community.
Saint Lucia, presiding over this Assembly, is in the process of establishing a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the relevant support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What will be the result of the cruel and emerging industries of poor countries?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that what happened in Iraq — the atrocities of yesterday, reconstruction today — is a dramatic historic development and that the international community must promote such reconstruction and be with us at this time.
Mr. Hu commended the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that although China had not signed it, it did not preclude it from engaging and cooperating with the signatory countries.
Of the 250,000 people who had died in war-related circumstances since 1989, at least half would be civilian non-combatants.
(f) Facilitating the free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and property throughout Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In case of an infringement of the rights of women in any kind of employment, the person concerned is entitled to refer the court in accordance with the Code of Civil Procedure.
There are several non-governmental organizations dedicated to family planning issues in Latvia.
Despite these efforts, the Group has been disabled in its work by a number of factors, including its low strength, the limited functioning budget, and the division of the country, as well as the alignment of many media outlets on the positions of either side and the character of information infrastructure outside the capital.
Despite this, the Assembly has always failed to refute the accusation that it does not fulfil its mandate under the Charter of the United Nations.
It is therefore encouraging — in view of the commitment to complete phase II of the plan for the elimination of weapons before 24 December 2002, as envisaged — that the Plan of Action to complete the collection of weapons was adopted at the Buka meeting on 17 February.
Disarmament remains key to progress in the peace process in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998, on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone, and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 57/291 of 20 December 2002,
This is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by an international organization, within its competence and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the General Assembly.
Naturally, this must be done under the supervision of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): Let me begin by thanking you, Mr. President, for convening this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that caution must be taken.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal is ready to assist the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, through the provision of troops and other resources.
The Committee's recommendations complement the actions of intergovernmental bodies and processes, including at the high-level summits and conferences since the submission of the last report in 2001, such as the World Summit on Sustainable Development held in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development held in Monterrey in March 2002.
Because of their geographical and economic isolation and their marginalization, they are often increasingly exposed to violence, particularly domestic violence and trafficking.
Africa II Division
Fourteen countries received equal or over $4 million.
The members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was essential, and that Angola needed to address specific humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea): Mr. President, thank him for convening this meeting.
I believe that, beginning at the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly well placed to develop and strengthen the technical capacity of Bougainville to the extent of its technical and other expertise.
With the support of the Yugoslav People's Army, the Serbian forces have taken control of some parts of Western Slavonia and Eastern Slavonia finally bringing these territories into a single State, the “Reiska Republika Srpska”.
The fight against desertification is an important element of sustainable development in addition to an environmental problem.
Such cooperation helps to link individuals and enterprises in developing countries and help attract national and foreign investment to strengthen and modernize productive capacities, thereby increasing the competitive position of the manufacturing sector in developing countries.
For our part, Jordan rejects all misperceptions and sinister campaigns aimed at denigrate Arabs and Muslims by prescribing them as terrorists.
There is, behind the discussions that took place before the war and always fuelled controversy, an acute lack of power distribution in the international arena that emerged after the cold war.
The suicide attacks targeting innocent civilians must end, and the occupation of Arab lands must cease.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly regain its primacy to the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council be more visible and relevant to ordinary people.
Stresses the need for the establishment of a transitional administration in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations and governed by the Organization, in order to ensure stability and to create conditions for sustainable peace and human rights.
As for the follow-up to paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future courses would welcome further participants.
The review process was not intended to renegotiate the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that policy indicators, whether at the national or international level, were more difficult to define indicators for achieving concrete results such as certain types of technical assistance.
As part of the establishment of new mechanisms, the issue of stability in flows should receive sufficient attention.
The errors of this type noted in the report, which might appear to be surface, were in real and fundamental reality if they were placed in a political context.
He wished to warn the representative of the fact that, whatever the historical alings he chose to do, it was necessary to compare the tragic events of the holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been exiled, with the current political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
H. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, and admission of observers 29 - 30 7
Decides to amend the statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal as follows:
Assistance to developing countries in their multilateral trade negotiations on services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in this area had been recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General shall transmit to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization in response to Economic and Social Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998, and 53/200 of the General Assembly of 15 December 1998.
There were also several ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of high-level industrial associations and non-governmental groups.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions have been carried out with or by natural or legal persons residing in countries that do not cooperate with the International Financial Action Task Force (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights established, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa, in Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and at the international level is essential for sustainable development, and that, at the national level, environmentally sound social and economic policies, democratic institutions sensitive to people's needs, supremacy of law, anti-corruption measures, gender equality and an enabling environment for investment are the basis of sustainable development and are essential for the provision of adequate housing as a component of the right to life;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is due to the gradual reduction of civilian police personnel from 3,055 men in July 2004 to 2, 195 in June 2005.
The authors of the report conclude that the combination of the assessment based on various assessments and a multisectoral approach is fruitful.
Emphasizes that all future and existing peacekeeping missions shall be given equal and non-discriminatory treatment in respect of financial and administrative arrangements;
The members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (Oman), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Maleich (Belarus), Vice-Chairman/Rapporteur.
Insolvency law
I would also like to express our thanks to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his very useful comments on the contribution of the Economic and Social Council to the peace process.
Model provision 51 is approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations at the nineteenth session of the Programme and Budget Committee, the Director-General has given the Director-General of the Programme Development and Technical Cooperation Division the task of focusing on evaluation and developing appropriate performance indicators.
Prior to the possible replication of other integrated programmes and the adoption of this combined approach as a model methodology of UNIDO, the framework of indicators is currently being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions to be adopted by the Council
Annex II
The Hydril claim concerns six contracts with INOC for the sale of items to be used in oilfields in Iraq.
Although the basis for such comparisons is not ideal, as has already been mentioned, the elements to show that UNIDO assumes a disproportionate responsibility as it manages all the VIC buildings are sufficiently convincing.
NEPAD promotes the creation of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations is clearly reflected in the late formulation of a reservation, and therefore the restrictions adopted in the latter case (Guidelines 2.3.1 to 2.3.3) must be transposed to cases of assessing the scope of reservations, which reflect the current practice, including the current practice, including the current practice, in particular the practice of reservations.
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposes a definition of objections, taking into account theoretical considerations and the study of practice.
When landfills are properly sealed, the risk of infiltration of hydrocarbons into the underlying water is infi.
Please describe the legislative and/or administrative measures taken as appropriate to implement this travel ban.
The procedures for the import and export of arms are addressed in responses to questions 22 and 23 and any activity other than those provided for in these procedures is considered an offence under applicable criminal law.
Space space:
A list of space systems for sustainable development is shown in table 1.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): During 11 years, the United Nations General Assembly adopted resolutions calling on all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and to comply with the principles contained in international legal instruments, by abolishing or nullify all laws and measures with extraterritorial effects, which affect the sovereignty of other States, the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction.
Castro continues to be indifferent to any political openness and continues to deny the most basic rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Asset Disposal Unit would be expected to evolve with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council on the question
Upon arrival at 0910 hours, the Inspectors met with the Director of the warehouses to address the activities of the sites, the type of medicines and diagnostic equipment stored, the business structure and the names of its main managers, and asked whether vaccines had been imported and distributed and whether changes had occurred during the past four years.
A ceiling of 24 per cent and a floor rate of 0.01 per cent will be used for the preparation of the scale of assessments of States Parties for the budget of the Tribunal (see para.
At the twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was decided that the Tribunal should continue to implement its current practice with regard to staff assessment, pending the adoption of a detailed proposal by the Tribunal to submit to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the above-mentioned law provides for separate protection for persons who organize or participate in the strike, provided that the movement is organized in accordance with the law.
Equality of access to public higher education allows students who wish to pursue their studies by encouraging them to obtain good results from secondary school.
Outcome, phenomena such as soil erosion and the extinction of plant and animal species in certain environments (forestry, rivers and lakes) could hamper the harmonious development of Montenegro, which means that the current level of poverty can continue.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 concerning social security (the minimum standard), the insured persons who have contributed for less than 20 years acquire the right to retire in the age of 65 for men and 60 years for women after 15 years of contribution.
See table 18 attached as annex.
The European Union stresses the importance of the rapid deployment of the international stabilization force.
Have you encountered problems related to the presentation of names and the identification information currently on the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly*
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Limitations to War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity of 26 November 1968 must be able, in this case, to apply without reservation to the same title as those, when justified, the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have internationally defined safeguards for the protection of children, but they remain without results.
This attitude should be re-established by the Security Council, because it is cynical, anachronistic and constitutes an act of violation of the ceasefire and the agreed truce.
Concerned about the fate of many Kuwaiti and third States missing since 2 August 1990,
(We hope that the principle of gender equality will be implemented.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly
The discussion of this topic today is therefore an absolute necessity.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement explaining his position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear any objection, I shall put the draft resolution to the vote now.
Under item 117 (b):
The Panel also reviewed several claims relating to industrial or commercial losses allegedly owed to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
b Excluding an amount of USD 2,174,379,83 for business losses sustained by Kuwaiti companies, whose review will be given to the “E4” Panels in accordance with Governing Council decision 1233.
Stresses the need to fight for wider acceptance of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to formulate the necessary actions and implement the right to development as a fundamental human right;
Developments in the situation of human rights since the signing of the Peace Agreements
Therefore, the next Government must urgently build on the success of police officers, judges, prosecutors and human rights activists whose dedication and courage are the foundation of reform.
There is still no comprehensive global definition of universal human rights obligations that correspond to the right to education.
The truth about the events of Khodjali
This reference to international organizations has led to the inclusion in article 2, paragraph 1 (i), of the following definition for the purposes of the Convention:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered the progress and introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Introduction)).
In order to consider new priorities, it was necessary to identify obsolete activities.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections were held in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly, which had established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of 1983, which currently governs the institutional life of the nation.
Decisions concerning the next meeting of the Committee on Budget and Finance, including dates and venue.
Improving and modernizing the conference facilities of the United Nations Office at Nairobi in order to enable it to meet in a timely manner important meetings and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance of the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and contained in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “National developments on space debris, the safety of space objects with nuclear power sources and the problems relating to their collision with space debris” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on “The prospects for the use of nuclear power sources in outer space” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.265/Add.1).
Space object function: The satellite is used for commercial communications and defence purposes.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet done so to impose full programmes on the duty of precaution and vigilance that promote transparency and prevent the placement of funds acquired in an illicit manner;
We greatly appreciate the initiative taken by the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global assessment mechanism for the marine environment, based on a previous General Assembly resolution 57/141, and the report of the Secretary-General this year, which is now resumed in draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a transparent and regular inter-agency cooperation and coordination mechanism within the United Nations system to fill the vacuum left by the abolition of the Subcommittee on Oceans and Coastal Areas.
By ratifying the Convention, we affirmed our belief in the application of the rule of law to the oceans of the world.
The results of the project, including specific recommendations on biodiversity risk reduction arising from mining activities to the oceans, will be transmitted by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the increase in the base/floor salary scale, the Commission noted that the question of possible changes to staff assessment rates to address imbalances in the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the United Nations Secretariat, which had indicated that no changes were needed in the immediate future.
On 20 September, an arbitrary arrest of members of a humanitarian commission consisting of NGOs, women's plants and the Office of the Ombudsman of the Valle del Cauca People was reportedly carried out in Cali to support the work of the Latvian farmers.
It is worth mentioning the adoption of Act No. 747 of 2002 which includes trafficking in persons.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda* Coordination, programme and other questions: United Nations ICT Task Force
Such support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute long-term to poverty reduction.
The experience of the United Nations itself shows that in most cases the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is shaped and structured by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of the conflict resolution.
In addition, the implementation of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes for ex-combatants must be implemented, combating arms trafficking, in particular small arms, the return of refugees and internally displaced persons and the promotion of human rights.
I wish, however, at this stage of our debate, to make a few remarks, first and foremost, about developments in the time of our Council's work.
It is sufficient to examine some of these conflicts in order to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from post-conflict situations to another.
Before addressing the role of the United Nations in overcoming these conflicts, I would like to make a comment on those conflicts themselves.
We firmly believe that in order to be credible and effective, the Council must enjoy the full confidence and support of the international community.
He also stressed that the Charter should be the foundation guaranteeing the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network has shown how various partners of the international community could work together to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for lead countries of the Youth Employment Network*
Opening of the session
The travaux préparatoires will indicate, with regard to paragraph 2 (a) of this article, that a State Party may choose to establish procedures to recognize and enforce a foreign freezing or seizure decision or to be based on such a decision to seek freezing or seizure by its own authorities.
Governments have resorted to security legislation to justify censorship of certain human rights information and reprisals against defenders.
Estimate: Several Parties provided an estimate of the effects of various transport policies (Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, the European Community, Estonia, France, Italy, Norway, the Netherlands, Sweden and Switzerland).
Policies and actions with broader objectives than the only fight against climate change: The most commonly reported policies in the agricultural sector fall under this category.
Policies and measures to combat the emissions of CH4 derived from the animal-trading process are focused on the decline in livestock by reducing the national livestock strength and intensifying crop practices combined with higher yield growth, reducing livestock (Belgium), declining livestock (Slovakia) and research programmes specifically to reduce the emissions of France (NBC) and research programmes for the purpose of studying CH4 technologies (NERs).
The 2003 special session on the budget of the UNICEF Executive Board will be held on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth network, which relates to renewable sources of energy, should be established by the end of 2003.
Such networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
The contemporary vocabulary provides for “real time” or “vitesse the Internet”, as if any delay in transmission and processing of information was removed, or in any case the devalis seriously.
All countries that share certain economic functions have a common focus on the fact that the specific function is within the enterprise or is conducted between several companies.
Many of the measures taken in the past few years have been impossible without progress in concepts and definitions through the OECD Working Group on Indicators.
Finally, the Secretariat should indicate the proportion of extrabudgetary resources allocated to each of the chapters under the previous four bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi):
In Ghana, the HIV/AIDS prevalence rate of 3.4 per cent has not declined over the past two years, although it is lower than that of other countries in the West Africa region where rates are 5 per cent to 11 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific on commitments and expenditures.
In this context, it is gratifying to recall the guidelines we have been committed to set in Tunisia, since the change of 7 November 1987, which have identified, among the priorities, the human rights consecration, in their various dimensions and in their overall design, which includes the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The hegemonic ambitions impose the smaller countries in the region the low obligation to make high military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, Iraqis began to be moved together with their allies and friends, and they look forward to the assistance of the international community under the auspices of the United Nations.
If the table does not indicate a conservativeness factor for such a source category, it is appropriate to use a factor applicable to a category of similar characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 to read as follows:
Urges all States to promote and respect the human rights of all persons regardless of their situation;
Decides to continue its consideration of the question at its sixtieth session under the item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, wherever it occurs in the world”.
We also welcome the appointment of Mr. Jacques Klein as Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
In that regard, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the level of economic and social development, but also political, which would enable it to consider the final status issue in an immediate horizon.
In particular, the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Kosovo Assembly is a good sign.
Such transfer is of paramount importance.
In Kosovo, therefore, much work remains to be done.
The continuation of the Kosovo Protection Corps is likely to destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the post structure of the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the scenario proposed by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by the latter under a lease contract upon which it would become owner of the building and the field on which it would be built;
Decides to further consider the provision of conference services and support services to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003, in the light of the review by the Security Council of the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
Businesses are increasingly strongly committed to reporting on the effects they can have on society and how they manage.
The text of its statement on the remaining five reports, covering the entire system, will be communicated to delegations in due time.
One of the areas of activity that have evolved significantly in recent years is the preparation of documents for ship crews.
Section III of the Criminal Code stipulates that “Criminal offences against personal liberty”, provides in article 151, that persons deprived of their liberty by unlawful means shall be punished by six months to three years of imprisonment; if the act includes the use of the threat, abuse or fear, or if he or she is committed in a spirit of ventilance, or if he or she is causing serious damage to the goods, or is causing serious harm to the circumstances.
Various regulations and laws apply to each component of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, to the extent possible, the names of persons or entities associated with Osama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida whose names are not included in the list, unless the disclosure of such information affects investigations or measures of implementation.
The main strategic commitment of South Africa to the Middle East conflict, as demonstrated by the Presidential Seminar for Peace of Spier, is to strengthen peace camps in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of South Africa's experience with a wide range of civil society and the Israeli and Palestinian Governments; the contribution to the reform process in Palestine and the support of international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the military component of MINURCA was completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative personnel had also to leave the Mission area at that date, in accordance with the request expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to contacted sources, approximately 60 per cent of the Liberian territory were under rebel control;
100332954
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community pledged to share the responsibility to reduce the social and environmental vulnerability of the region (the main region); rebuild and transform Central America into the integrated principles of transparency and good governance; consolidate democracy and good governance; strengthen the decentralization process, with the active participation of civil society; promote respect for human rights (permanent objective) with particular emphasis on children and gender equality.
During the period under review, the Council discussed many major issues of concern for the maintenance of international peace and security in Europe, Asia, including the Middle East, Oceania and Africa.
In the area of security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that sporadic fighting in the north, south-east and to a lesser extent in the west of the country posed threats.
They called for the expansion of the membership of the Security Council so that it can regain its legitimacy, be more representative of the state of global geopolitical and better reflect it.
I have the honour to refer to the letter addressed to President Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 concerning the request of Judge Navanethem Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to extend his mandate to the Tribunal until the conclusion of the so-called Media case, which should not go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention paid to the situation of women and girls and the mainstreaming of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of the major conferences, special sessions and summits, as well as in the follow-up thereto, and reaffirming its commitment to support progress made,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the Chairman of the Commission at its twelfth session will have to come from the Group of Eastern European States and the Rapporteur of the African Group.
The Committee shall take action against this position for the reasons set out in the general report.
Ms. Acar said that the Committee's concern about the rising age of marriage for family reunification was a necessary consequence of its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether special measures had been taken, such as provisions for the custody of children and separate classes, to encourage immigrant women to attend Danish courses.
Over the past two decades, governance has become a concern for developed countries as well as for developing countries, especially those facing all, in the beginning of the century, the same types of problems, although in many different sectors: corruption, constitutional crisis, economic stagnation, ethnic conflicts, and growing crime.
Organization of work of the session
Requests the administering Power to cooperate in the development of programmes specifically aimed at promoting sustainable economic activities and enterprises, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
Original: ENGLISH
Stresses the importance of simplifying and harmonizing the reporting requests of the United Nations system to Member States, and urges relevant United Nations agencies and bodies, in consultation with Member States, to adopt simplified and harmonized methodologies and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and upon their request, to prepare reports from national data and statistics;
“The Government of India had previously instructed the State of Karnataka to leave the country on father François Marie Godest.
Technology had a role to play in expanding access to information, in particular the role of geographic information systems, which, in the form of databases and software tools, could improve access to information for planning, logistics (e.g. evacuation routes) and other purposes, allow for understanding and solutions of phenomena and problems in outer space, and facilitate public awareness and public participation.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I am now pleased to take the words I am convinced that we all want to hear: we have now completed our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I have since December conducted a number of bilateral consultations, group or open to all in Geneva and New York.
According to a view, liberal policies in the face of cannabis abuse were not only a threat to public health but were also opposed to the efforts of developing countries, which were making considerable efforts and resources to reduce cannabis cultivation in their territories.
- In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Office engaged in several public debates and consultations on legislative reforms relating to the status of women in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 girls have benefited from this fund.
The first promotion of 116 teacher students is expected to graduate at the end of the school year in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector are the increase in life expectancy of all Guyana, the reduction of disparities between social groups, improved access to health care and quality, and the provision of affordable health services.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations concerning the use of justice, including a draft law providing for lawyers to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary steps to promote and expand cooperation and coordination among the secretariats of the two organizations to enable them to be better able to achieve their common goals;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, participants stressed in particular the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
The distance-learning programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations are working with the staff of various ministries and administrations involved in the fight against AIDS and lessons learned are then disseminated across countries.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that it associated itself with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department suggests that the problem could be resolved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 to 57/128 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) Joint sharing of information between law enforcement agencies in sensitive areas or disputed border areas; joint border control and customs control activities;
This form of integration was highlighted in the commitments made by the Copenhagen Summit and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme Audit Body of the State oversees the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of State funds by central and local government bodies, as well as the economic activities of legal persons whose State has more than half the shares or actions (arts. 16 and 165 of the Constitution).
Having also considered the letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council of 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia addressed to the President of the Security Council, annexed thereto,
If necessary, it would also follow up on operational, financial and personnel matters relating to MINUGUA.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Missiles”.
Those who ordered and committed such crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nicanor Duarte Fruos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan reported that it had concluded bilateral extradition treaties with 27 States, including those relating to terrorist acts defined as offences, and noted that more than 450 suspected terrorists had been extradited under those treaties.
Such activities are being carried out with the Commonwealth Secretariat on the drafting of legislative guides with the Organization of American States to support the activities of the Office in Haiti and OSCE.
Thematic communications campaigns
A senior Department official visited Brussels in June to review the preliminary provisions with relevant officials of the Belgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed hub site.
The meeting offered a useful opportunity to exchange views among staff members of the Department of Public Information working at Headquarters and their colleagues in the field, as well as several external guests, on how to manage the transition from the regionalization concept to its implementation.
The official position of the Organization on key issues is communicated by the Office of the Spokesman through press briefings, official statements, interviews and briefings.
Anyone who carries grazing or other presumptions of livestock, without the permission of its owners, or of grasslands to forest that supply water villages, even belonging to individuals, is punished by imprisonment of 6 to 18 months.
The average vacancy rates for Professional and higher categories in several budget sections (5 16, 19 and 22) were higher than budgeted rates, including delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, separations and temporary assignments (A/58/558, para.
In the light of the Criminal Code, it is intended to “recruitment” to request a third party to perform an act, which is not in itself punishable by law.
There are many criminal norms applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (annex 1 to the first report of Switzerland, of 19 December 2001, which contain a list of such offences).
On 1 January 2002, the Act to improve the protection of civil courts in cases of unwanted acts of violence and misperceptions, as well as to facilitate the award of marital housing in the event of separation (Gesetz zur Verbberung of zivilgerichtlichen Schutzes bene Gewaltaten und Nachstellungen zur Erleichterung e-mail dichlorinehungisung
This is applicable only if the person is provided to the Federal Employment Service before receiving maternity allowances or starting to raise children, or in cases where unemployment or unemployment has ceased.
A balanced participation of women and men in the political system has not yet been achieved.
In addition, in view of the growing number of divorces, women can no longer rely on reversion pension.
Part II contains a presentation of the measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this regard, the Federal Government's plan of action provides for a series of measures to improve the situation of data by reorganizing police criminal statistics and conducting a representative survey on violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children, held in Yokohama in December 2001, it became clear that there was a greater awareness of the problems of child sexual exploitation and that many measures had been taken.
This decision is aimed at preventing and combating the production, processing, distribution and possession of pornographic materials involving children on the Internet.
- Offenders - different instead of generalization;
6.4 Judicial procedures commenced with respect to the Germans who committed sexual violence abroad
Previous regulations on the right of custody and the right to visit did not provide for the benefit of unmarried parents.
- Manual for Municipal Equality Activities in Sax, prepared by the Ministry of State for Women and Men (the focus);
- Obligation for all services of Land and Local Authorities, as well as for all other legal persons subject to the supervision of the free State of Sax under the Act, to work for the equal participation of women and men (section 15 of the Saxis Act on the Advancement of Women (SächsFG) of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of SächsGVBI), p.
Social assistance, civil engagement
Gleichberechtigungskonzept “ Konzept für die Förderung der gleichberechtigten Betiligung von Frauen und Männernnernungsprozess”
The only solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which is becoming increasingly serious in recent times, is the implementation of the road map developed by the Quartet, as was stated, in the Quartet Declaration at its last meeting in New York.
The question that we are considering highlights the fragility of the situation and the importance of establishing a more comprehensive peace agreement for the entire region of the Middle East.
Article 8 Exchange of information and documents
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as in the past two years, the debate would focus on the annual theme of the High Commissioner.
Programme, administration and finance questions
Since 1997 Member of the International Association of Prosecutors and continue.
Such measures should enable the tracing and control of firearms.
Women and girls who are victims of trafficking are subjected to violence and are seriously violated.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibn Chambas Executive Secretary
In addition, as the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular personnel from the scope of the study, the logical approach was to ensure that international organizations were also excluded.
Administrative and financial matters 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not decline, and we will have the political will to move forward, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/22 entitled “Further measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic, social and related fields”.
We also join previous speakers in thanking the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields” (A/58/359).
The National Malaria Policy and Strategy was launched in 1995.
It is also fundamental to involve local governments, civil society and the private sector in the development and implementation of road safety policies.
It may also consider the possibility of implementing the Secretary-General's proposals, contained in his report on the Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and the establishment of an ad hoc informal working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss possible measures for the peaceful settlement of disputes that may be implemented in the case of conflicts already brought to the attention of the Council or which will be brief.
When the Security Council will be in a position to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, in ending wars and promoting peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of regional peace and security, the international community can undoubtedly invest greater hopes in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
This balance must be said, with the primary responsibility of the parties themselves, even if they can call for external intervention to help them resolve their disputes.
We must, with force, reaffirm our adherence to the rule of law in relations between States and thus to the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of jurisdictional channels.
(a) Take measures to protect students from violence, physical damage or ill-treatment, including sexual violence and intimidation in schools, to establish complaints mechanisms that are accessible to children, and to investigate thoroughly all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), including:
Furthermore, the Council is reviewing the system of allocation of responsibilities, which has served as an inter-agency coordination mechanism following the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-Chairman, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem closely linked to other global problems that are at the heart of the Organization's mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, as well as each party to an armed conflict, marks and abducting, withdraw or destroy ERW in the affected territories.
Welcoming continued cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development and other competition law and policy organizations, in particular the commitment made at the Fourth WTO Ministerial Conference, in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Awais
The deployment of MINURCI takes place satisfactorily, with a first group of 26 liaison officers in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new communication strategy is being prepared in preparation for the World Summit on the Information Society to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The intervention of the United Nations system in East Timor has been a particularly interesting and informative experience to be learned if positive results are to be confirmed and avoid dysfunctional in the future.
The work began in May 2000 and the document was distributed in the following November; the overall framework had been prepared and approved by UNTAET.
Albania*, Algeria, Andorra*, Angola*, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh*, Belarus*, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina*, Brazil, Bulgaria*, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark*, Ecuador*, Finland*, France, Georgia*, Greece*, Guatemala, Hungary*, Iceland*, Italy*, Japan, Liechtenstein*, Luxembourg*, Malta*, Mexico, Nicaragua*, New Zealand*, Norway*, Panama*, Poland*, Romania, Russian Federation, Portugal*, Romania, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, South Africa, South Africa, Russian Federation, South Africa, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, South Africa*, Spain, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain, Spain, South Africa, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain*, Spain*, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain, Spain, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain, Spain, Spain*, Spain, Spain, Spain*, Spain*, Spain, South Africa*, Spain*, Spain*, South Africa*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Libyan Arab Republic of South Africa, South Africa, South
In the preamble of this instrument, States parties declare “determined to stop the suffering and loss of life caused by anti-personnel mines that kill or maimed hundreds of people every week, for most innocent and defenceless civilians, especially children, hamper development and economic reconstruction, prevent the repatriation of refugees and internally displaced persons and have other grave consequences for years after their establishment”.
Allow me to thank all delegations for encouraging me in my efforts and consultations, and I would also like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and all members of the secretariat for their effective assistance.
It was in that context that the close links between man-portable air defence systems and small arms were discussed.
We call on the coalition forces to achieve this essential objective and to intensify coordination with relevant international bodies and institutions to allow the country to return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of an international fund for Iraqi higher education in order to provide assistance, both immediate and long-term, for the rehabilitation of higher education in our country, Iraq.
We took note of the Secretary-General's call for a re-engineering of our institutions by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this theme will, in fact, depend on the objectivity of our approach and the realism of the proposed measures.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has declined, their role in national strategies in some countries has not been drastically reduced.
I firmly believe that for all East Asian countries, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and we all believe that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interest of any of the East Asian countries.
Mr. PETÖCZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that the Group supported that idea.
First, the analysis of Security Council resolutions, unilateral declarations by nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones indicates that security assurances are generally accompanied by reservations by nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDERS (Netherlands): Mr. President, although this meeting is already the last presidency of you, I think that it is the first time that I have taken the floor since your election.
Stresses the importance of developing the capacities of indigenous peoples, in human resources and institutions, to find solutions to their problems;
It reviews and approves the financial statements and reports on the audit of those statements to be submitted to the Committee on Budget and Finance, together with the comments it deems appropriate.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial provisions.
It is also important to stress that the current level of aid is insufficient.
In our view, it is important at this stage that national demining strategies be put in place to ensure an effective decision-making process on short-, medium- and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has established the Lebanese National Office for Demining and has established, with the assistance of the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, the South Lebanon Mine Action Coordination Centre.
We can achieve this through a protocol to be annexed to the Convention and take into account the security interests of countries while helping us to eliminate old mines, which, like new ones, destroy lives and property and hamper efforts to end desertification, achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In June 2003, the Fund's pledges amounted to only $4.7 billion, while the estimated global expenditures amounted to approximately $10.5 billion per year for the effective implementation of prevention, treatment, care and support programmes.
Country offices
Credit line - similar to those contained in the UNDP Financial Regulations, UNFPA and UNICEF
In considering items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of the child), 115 (Elimination of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will provide a dialogue between its members and special rapporteurs and representatives to report on their activities.
Today, there are about 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
While the conventions setting out the need to respect human rights were essential instruments, it was also necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Panel endorses this decision and fixed the date of loss for Palestinian late claims in category “C”.
Recognizing that domestic violence against women involves human rights,
Because of their separate legal structures, the role of specialized technical cooperation institutions has not been addressed.
This simplicity has a price, namely a certain arbitrary and cost of the details.
Why are both organizations engaged in technical cooperation?
It took the initiative to support coordination of gender issues.
(b) Its resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “An Agenda for Peace: Preventive diplomacy and related matters”, its resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1993 entitled “An Agenda for Peace”, in particular section IV entitled “Special economic problems arising from preventive or coercive measures”, and its resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997, entitled “Supplement to the Agenda for Peace”, in particular annex II, entitled “Question of sanctions imposed by the United Nations”,
The building and development of democracy, as well as the approach taken by the United Nations system on this issue, must take into account the fact that there is no single window of achievement of democracy.
In that statement, the Secretary-General affirmed the considerable importance of the culture of peace, and the attention that the Organization should devote itself as a whole and not just one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the observance of the International Decade for the Promotion of a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World, 2001-2010 is more than an altruistic aspiration of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the goals set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit and the World Food Summit Outcome: five years later, in which the commitment to eradicate hunger is renewed,
Emphasizing the need for industrial transformation of commodity production in developing countries, in particular African countries and the least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and stabilize and increase their export revenues, thus promoting sustainable economic growth and their integration into the global economy,
Accordingly, I appointed Mr. Parker as a permanent judge to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia beginning on 4 December 2003, for the remainder of the term of office of Mr. David Hunt, until 16 November 2005.
This Programme of Action remains a benchmark for developments in the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations wishes to point out that, in the opinion of the Government of Colombia, paragraph 2 of the operative paragraph of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider identifying the principles that could serve as a framework for regional agreements on conventional arms control, could enable the Conference to resume its activities and break the deadlock in the past three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on the Granting of Independence to the Organization of American States, OAS Convention on Diplomatic Asy slum, United Nations Declaration on Internal Displacement.
Its effects go far beyond borders and international cooperation is absolutely essential.
It is up to the Third Committee, which is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that the programme is well understood and translated into reality.
Authorizes the Secretary-General, for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003, to enter into an amount not exceeding $12 million to be financed through the cumulative balance of the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission;
The Special Rapporteur is considering the submission of a final report in 2004 to be considered by the Special Rapporteur in order to enable the first reading to be completed during the same session.
The Commission on Equal Opportunities and the Equal Opportunities Fund have been established to cooperate with the private sector in all matters relating to women's employment.
The use of these targeted summaries would be flexible, optional and based on available data.
For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it a note by the secretariat on the exchange of information: establishing an electronic clearing house (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In this regard, future workshops could also consider an exchange between the restricted groups of participants from industrialized countries, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
He also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission supported, inter alia, the ISOCAP network, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on national profiles.
Provisional agenda items for regular meetings
Quorum in subsidiary bodies
The communication may include suggestions on solutions that the Party considers most appropriate in the present case;
Category “A” claims corrections
Norway urges all countries to agree on a modus operandi to alleviate and protect the victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and to strengthen their national efforts in parallel with international efforts.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that, on the basis of principles, her country believed, as the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression (A/CONF.189/PC.2/24), that the Internet was a unique tool to promote human rights, it was recognized that in practice the Internet had no positive implications.
The best way to reach consensus on guiding principles is to hold consultations with Governments.
Mr. Paul Krugman, School of Public and International Affairs (the University of Princeton); Mr. Jagdish Bhagwati, Professor of Economics and Senior Chaire Lehman ( Columbia University); Mr. Manuel Orozco, Director of the Central American Project for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Ouedraogo, League of Burkina Faso consumers.
Information on workshops and training courses on combating international terrorism
Furthermore, it is not clear how macroeconomic and structural reforms required under the poverty reduction strategies process affect poverty and social conditions.
It is therefore continuing to consider new solutions to rapidly increase international liquidity when needed by various means, including the temporary allocation of special drawing rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with those decisions, His Majesty is no longer presiding over the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, who has met each year by rotation, is now the head of Government and, in fact, the Prime Minister.
The Government agencies in Bhutan have an obligation to recognize that women are a significant part of the population to which they are targeted and therefore need to design, implement and continue to administer services adapted to the specific needs of women and men.
This is due mainly to the development of primary education and the fact that schools are better able to retain their students.
Multi-sectoral task forces have been mandated to address the growing threat of HIV/AIDS.
Many men welcome the largest number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another limited study on women's participation in financial decisions, 27 per cent of respondents stated that they were only involved in financial lending decisions, while 14 per cent took joint decisions with their husbands.
In the field of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has undertaken initiatives to improve the capacities of public sector staff in a number of countries, providing advice, upon request, in the area of public service reform.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established Iraq's liability for losses relating to the invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
The Panel finds that this rate also applies to claims for loss of funds, which are similar.
See also the decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph 79 of the E2(7) report, paragraph 71 of the E2(11 report); and paragraph 89 of the E2(1 report, para.
E2(3) report, paras.
Report of the United Kingdom on the achievement of the goals and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East
Pursuant to article 8, paragraph 1, of the Extradition Act, persons who have committed terrorist acts, even though such acts are regarded as political crimes, may be extradited.
What are our goals?
The Secretary-General's report has just reminded us that the situation in Iraq is facing real challenges, and we call on all of us here and now the international community.
The establishment of a robust civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like, on behalf of my Government, to extend its deep thanks to the Council's mission and the Council in its entirety to find responses to complex issues facing our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other United Nations system coordination mechanisms.
- Supporting associations and organizations working to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The programme lasted 10 months, including 5 months of theoretical education in Madrid and 4 and a half months of practical education in developing countries' organizations, and an assessment phase is also planned.
These groups are young people aged 16 to 30 years, women employed in occupations deemed to be masculine, over 45 years, those who have been unemployed for six months or more and workers who, at the time of the conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same enterprise under an indefinite or fixed-term contract before 31 December 2003, including training contracts.
It is in the age class of 25-29 years that daily tobacco use among women is most important.
This improvement is, however, lower among women (37, 5 per cent of long-term unemployed women) than among men (55,36 per cent).
Members of permanent missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress achieved through the establishment and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic fact remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, and this is the most cynical and cruel way throughout the world.
This meeting is the first public meeting of the Security Council in 2003, year I am convinced that the Council will be ready to meet.
We will resolutely join all initiatives to implement international agreements in this field.
These areas are often non-right areas.
Activities to implement the request
- More than 150,000 homes or apartments (total of 23,570,000 square kilometres) have been looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the accounts of the Organization were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The Electronic Model for Feasibility Studies (COFAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programme framework and the Organization's strategic orientations on South-South cooperation, as well as the thematic initiatives undertaken by the Organization, including trade facilitation, rural energy for productive purposes and rehabilitation and reconstruction of the crisis industry,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that rapid changes in the socio-economic situation, cultural, individual and social factors, as well as the supply of illicit drugs, have aggravated the problem of the use of psychological substances globally,
In view of the ambiguity in the title of the topic, the Commission decided to continue to take such a working hypothesis as the topic of “activity” and to postpone any formal changes in the title.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the heading “United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace resource requirements (before recosting): $3000,500 by resource requirements (before recosting): $364,200
The Commission requested the Government to indicate whether it was considering amending the relevant provisions of the above-mentioned laws in order to include the principle referred to in the Convention.
Those decisions were taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, including the weekly meetings on economic issues and high-level officials of the Iraqi public institutions, and the initial budget proposals were prepared by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations have the tremendous benefits to service the Iraqi people.
The percentage of women employed by UNHCR increased from almost zero in early 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme, and 36 per cent of all national protection personnel.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers of Defence and Security in September should finalize the constitution of the Government of National Reconciliation and thus eliminate an important obstacle in the peace process.
Nevertheless, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution stipulates that the President of the Republic may delegate some of its powers to the members of the Government.
Beyond what divides us, we face these threats, a collective responsibility, the unity of the international community.
We have begun consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on the adjustments to the current oil-for-food programme, which will provide continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicine in Iraq.
The programme of work continues to be studied by my authorities, and we reserve the right to give our opinion on the programme as soon as it is completed.
If a Party considered that it needed assistance to halt the consumption of methyl bromide to stabilize the items, it could be recalled to the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming its function by consensus,
(i) 680 ODP-tonnes in 2004;
All discharge operations should be carried out on locations to that effect exclusively reserved for authorized personnel.
The financing mechanism was established pursuant to Article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to provide financial and technical cooperation to Parties operating under Article 5, paragraph 1, to enable them to comply with the regulatory measures provided for in Articles 2A to 2E and Article 2I or any other regulatory measures set out in articles 2F to 2H pursuant to article 5, paragraph 1 bis.
Law enforcement officers had also participated in training programmes abroad.
Some States have said that it is also a telephone, telex and postal services.
(3) The party seeking to enforce an interim measure of protection shall promptly notify the court of any cancellation, suspension or modification of that measure.
Suggestions for improving the language in square brackets have been made, including that the court may suspend the enforcement proceedings until the parties have had the opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties have been duly notified.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be given a more visible and important role in supporting the management of international affairs and in implementing the economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of appropriate information, communication and transport technologies should also be supported by technical cooperation and investment required to strengthen the capacity of local service providers, or to create such capacities, may require donor support or financing by international financial institutions.
A similar consequence is provided in the United Kingdom, where the consumer is entitled to cancel the contract, unless a competent court to hear disputes relating to the contract in question decides otherwise at the request of the service provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme reached its maximum at the end of 2002.
Procedure
It is clear that the calculations were made on the basis of an exchange rate of 0.89 euro for US$ 1.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, if necessary, at future sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward reported on the outcome of the consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Harvard Law School ( winter 2003): Professor Robert F. Kennedy, in association with Professor Philip Heyman, a course entitled “Bingling power to justice” analysing the various functions of prosecutors in common law and civil law countries, and examining the various national and international approaches used to try State actors who were guilty of violations of the law; also organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption: the rule of law”.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as an entity responsible for the maintenance of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its Climate Change hub and the Special Climate Change Fund for the purpose of implementing the activities mentioned in the context of the implementation of sound and effective actions to enhance the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention,
Welcoming the first progress made in the implementation of the framework for meaningful and effective actions to strengthen the implementation of article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, as contained in the annex to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial performance, 2002-2003
It also took note with appreciation of the financial and other assistance provided to the Programme by the Government of Austria, the authorities of Styria and the city of Graz, Austria, the Department of Physical Geography of the University of Stockholm, Metria, the Swedish National Bureau for Topography and the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, it is considered that many people living with the virus do not know.
The project focused on the Steering Committee of the NPAK and high-schools.
Recommends that consideration be given to the holding of a joint informal debate that could enrich the work of each Committee; a better use of the debate of the General Assembly in plenary on the issues considered by the two Committees;
This important work has been possible through, inter alia, the ability and perseverance of the Committee through its subcommittees and experts.
In the event of the dissolution of marriage after the consumption of the marriage, the woman has the right, in addition to its maintenance during the period of viuity period, to an amount of which cannot exceed one year of maintenance, in accordance with the means of the former-mari, which is paid on a monthly basis from the end of the viduty period, except as agreed between the two parties regarding the amount and the payment of such compensation.
The following table illustrates the developments in the budget for education during the 1993/94 school years in 1997/98:
The day nurseries are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which conducts regular inspections to verify compliance with the relevant regulations.
In this regard, the State of Kuwait wishes to recall that its Constitution, in many of its provisions, is equal to one of the pillars of the Kuwaiti society, first in the preamble, and then in article 7, which covers various aspects of this principle by linking it to human dignity, rights and duties.
Effective management will also improve recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
National Coordinator of the World Marche on Child Labour, 1998
Counsellor for the development of a social justice programme, Department of Demographic Studies, Tribhuvan University, 1999
Each State Party shall transmit to the Conference of the States Parties, as required, information on its programmes, plans and practices and its legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
If the status quo does not have any prospect, freedom and the development of those who are hungry and living in despair, the temptation of anarchy and extremism, as a means of achieving change, becomes much more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to designate the Ambassador of Bulgaria, Mr. Tzchev, as Chairman of the Annual Conference of the States Parties to be held in 2003 and the representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland, as Vice-Presidents.
Statements and reservations
Rapporteur: Isshtiq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and should strengthen universal human rights standards, as set out in international human rights instruments, and contribute to their protection,
(c) Should a special debate be decided, its theme should be in relation to human rights and take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This situation must not be replicated.
(iii) OHCHR should prepare a comprehensive and regularly updated compilation of recommendations made over the years by the various mechanisms on thematic issues.
Contribution submitted under both resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They address the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (d) (ii) and (iii) on the development of short-, medium- and long-term proposals to eliminate racial discrimination against people of African descent, including proposals for a mechanism to monitor and promote all human rights, taking into account the need to work closely with international institutions and institutions, as well as international development institutions.
With regard to the centre of Harare in Iran, it was a technology centre for the development of human resources for land and development on rice land.
Lastly, she asked the State party to conduct a national health survey and to consider the findings in the next periodic report.
Therefore, the duty to protect it is also incumbent upon the entire world.
- Curage of the two sites by appropriate means (municipalities or septies);
Some observers reiterated a possible increase in the demand for United States dollars, as the United States now controls Iraqi oil wells.
There is a need to give further guidance to the economic cooperation of Arab countries by giving the private sector an increasing role in development and economic choices.
The Foundation was thus able to collect approximately € 3.5 million that started the work on the site.
Currently, four resident coordinators are UNICEF staff (half of whom are women), including a woman in duty station.
If these conditions are met, the goals and targets agreed at the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Moreover, the financial implications of the establishment of an additional office in Brussels have not been taken into account by JIU.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has joined the Organization's gender equality goals in 1990.
(a) The nine regional offices should be gradually strengthened through the redeployment of technical posts from Headquarters.
At the same time, SCO member States are continuously and consistently guided by the principle that combating terrorism must be based on the norms and principles of international law and cannot be equated to any religion, some countries or nationalities.
(continued) (IDB.27/19 and Add.1 and 2); IDB.27/CRP.3)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Demand of consultative status submitted by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 a.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with annex I to General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the themes proposed for the high-level segment and the coordination segment of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The Afghan people have expressed the decision to extend its mandate.
The draft resolutions under these agenda items reflect that determination and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) Use, in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee established pursuant to resolution 661 (1990) before the expiration of the period set out in paragraph 10 below and taking into account the recommendations of the Office of the Iraq Programme, the funds deposited in accordance with paragraph 8 (a) and (b) of resolution 986 (1995), as appropriate and as appropriate, to the suppliers and carriers agreed to cover the additional costs of shipment, as required and to cover the additional costs of shipment,
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
Expenditures related to the work of the Working Group were included in the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would not have an impact on the Working Group.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly decided, on the recommendation of the General Committee, to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the large majority of Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate substantive discussions at the session of the Commission, the secretariat has prepared a thematic note entitled “Positivity of action for enhancing SME competitiveness” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Chairmen of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and the Chairpersons of the Committees, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right to vote, provided that they are representatives of participating States;
In general, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees or working groups are closed.
The Council expressed its concern at the permanence of regional factors of instability and requested the Secretary-General to make recommendations as soon as possible to combat those subregional and cross-border problems, with a particular focus on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also deplored the lack of political contacts between the parties and called for the normalization of their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government has submitted all draft laws to it.
It was to be hoped that it would be possible to submit a report to the Commission at a future session, particularly as the document issued in 1991 following the World Summit for Children and the outcome document of the special session of the General Assembly on children, held in 2002, had specifically referred to the situation of children living under foreign occupation.
In accordance with the second Millennium Development Goal, the Government established free and compulsory basic education for all in 1996, which significantly improved school attendance rates.
In order to avoid such incidents, it is imperative for States parties to be present at the time of the meeting.
“The Security Council stresses that the United Nations stands ready to promote political dialogue if requested, and to provide resolute support to meet the humanitarian and development challenges of the border demarcation.
It may acquire or dispose of immovable property or movable property in accordance with the Rules and Rules.
The Meeting has three days from 16 to 18 July 2003.
According to these corroborated reports, the situation in the valley remained calm, without serious incident throughout the reporting period.
Observations
Quadrennial reports 1997-2000 submitted through the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31.
Report submitted pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know what best suited indicators, which should necessarily be relevant to different aspects of the right to health, and then in the ongoing work of WHO and UNICEF.
The Committee notes that prolonged solitary confinement of a detained or imprisoned person may be classified as acts prohibited by article 7.
Article 10, paragraph 1, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any person deprived of his liberty under the laws and authority of the State, who is held in a prison, a hospital, in particular, a detention facility, a rehabilitation centre or another place.
It is necessary to determine whether a unilateral statement is a reservation or an interpretative declaration and to determine its admissibility and effects.
Thirty-eighth session (1990)
(l) Continue their cooperation with the Committee to promote the effective implementation of the Convention;
(h) To raise public awareness of the importance of programmes of action focusing on the situation of victims of descent-based discrimination;
There are some States of traditional and cultural practices that affect women and children's health.
States parties should also report on measures adopted to ensure early access to family planning services in particular, and sexual and reproductive health in general.
For example, article stresses the importance of respect for parents, the need to consider the rights in their general ethical, moral, spiritual, cultural or social context and the fact that most children's rights are far from being imposed outside.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, which includes the latest meetings, recent activities and outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, adopted by heads of State and Government at the Millennium Summit, by which they committed themselves to the eradication of poverty, in particular by half by 2015, the proportion of the world's population whose income is less than one dollar a day and the proportion of people who suffer from hunger,
In 2001, the Government limited to six years the length of work permits granted to foreign workers to ensure that more Bermudians are recruited and trained for better jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom continued to advocate that legislators adopt European human rights standards, particularly with regard to sexual discrimination.
Pursuant to paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations on all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend the meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without the right to vote, in the deliberations of those bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, the Assembly decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “Synergies and responses: strategic alliances in crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat computer-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, the Council invited the Governments of Latin American and Caribbean countries and other interested Governments to participate in the regional meeting of the Heads of National Drug Enforcement Agencies, with a view to establishing the meeting of the Heads of National Drug Trafficking, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and financial resources,
(a) Partnerships are voluntary initiatives undertaken by Governments and various stakeholders: major groups and institutions in particular;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other business.
Introducing the item, the representative of the Secretariat drew attention to the documentation prepared in this regard (see annex VII) and indicated the possible action taken by the Committee.
Decides to submit to the Conference of the Parties for consideration and possible action at its first meeting:
An alternate or adviser may act as a representative on the appointment of the head of the delegation.
Subject to the provisions of articles 28 to 32 and changes decided by the Conference of the Parties, this rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The Chairperson or rapporteur of a subsidiary body may be given priority in explaining the conclusions of that subsidiary body.
He noted that his organization had supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities related to persistent organic pollutant products, including the identification and quantification of dioxin and furan releases undertaken in Thailand, the organization of the Expert Group meeting on best available technologies and best environmental practices and workshops on good industry good management, which had allowed for an exchange of best practices in the management of organic pollutants in Brazil, and had provided an exchange of best practices on organic pollutants.
To that end, the Monterrey document reiterates the importance of the principle of cooperation.
Some countries only monitor the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective border controls, using reliable estimation methods.
The report noted that comparative studies further complicated the problem.
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org).
A preparatory mission consisting of IAEA and the Commission, including the Director-General of IAEA and the Executive Chairman of the Commission, visited Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet their Iraqi counterparts led by Mr. Amer H. Al-Saadi, adviser to the Chairman, to discuss further logistical arrangements and relocation of inspectors to Baghdad.
The Agenda 21 website for Sport and Environment is www.unep/org/cpi/sport_ensions (all types of sports activities).
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Special Advisory Group on Burundi demonstrates that there is opportunities to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, long-term reconstruction and development.
The failure of Cancún was the result of what happened in Doha, where large countries with trade refused to grant concessions on development issues.
Switzerland attaches top priority to the preservation of humanitarian space in all circumstances and without derogation.
“The strict internal and external closures, the increase in curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have led to a further deterioration of economic indicators and increased poverty and unemployment among Palestinians.
Here, it should be recalled that the responsibility, individual and collective, of the parties to the Convention in respect of its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the prior approval of the Advisory Committee, the amounts that may be required to cover the advance payment of insurance premiums if the insurance period is extended beyond the biennium in which the payment is made, on the understanding that the Secretary-General will request in the proposed budget for each biennium for the full duration of the policy period in order to cover the amounts owed for the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments are not sufficient to prevent violations, strict measures must also be taken to address the social and human problems that encourage them, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement and social inequality between the peoples of developing countries and the least developed countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, to be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Protection Force, the United Nations Operation for Confidence-building in Croatia, the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force and the United Nations Headquarters and the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force in Haiti;
Obviously, it remains vital that all of us continue to participate in the years ahead.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of control is becoming increasingly important at the regional and international levels, and effective verification becomes necessary to ensure international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpiles of mines by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to ratifying the Treaty, have already expressed themselves — and in addition to an opportunity — their opposition to nuclear weapons.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on those principles.
Of the amount of $2700,000 is budgeted for ICAO's tender.
Possible modalities for reimbursement
Chief Liaison and Protocol Liaison Officer A and Liaison Officer B
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and Council resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is important if the source of funds is lawful or unlawful, only the act of collection and its purpose.
The Bradley report indicated that everything in the Council to meet the needs of any of the options would take at least one year.
Original: ENGLISH
“Terrorism — causing an explosion or detonation of fire or other act that puts people at risk of death, undermines their health, causes considerable material damage or leads to other harmful consequences for society, with a view to undermining the public order, spreading panic among the population or influencing the adoption of decisions by public authorities or international organizations, or threatening them”.
Women remain primarily in low-paid and low-level positions.
Draft decision II
We therefore encourage States that have not yet done so to submit their statements to the Secretary-General in order to achieve the universality of the Court.
Their inflexible participation, coupled with their strong commitment and diplomatic qualities, is a major contributor to the success of the work of the Special Committee.
Now, as is the case for all treaties, the end of negotiations marks the real start of the commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 94.
Washington, 11 April 1949
The draft resolution, entitled “ Almaty Programme of Action: Partnerships designed to meet the special needs of landlocked developing countries and create a new global framework for transit transport cooperation among landlocked and transit developing countries”, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I am pleased to introduce the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
He welcomed the European Union's decision to establish a peace support facility to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the achievement of African Union peace initiatives.
The right to know the truth about past events is essential in order to prevent similar violations.
My Government strongly supports the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be much more representative to reflect demographic and geopolitical realities and gain credibility.
Dissemination services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee on 28 April 2003
We have managed to understand that success or failure in any field, if important, cannot mean the United Nations salut or loss.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to address the questions posed, such as the presentation by all United Nations information centres of an annual plan, indicating its activities around a strategic message.
With a view to planning and implementing other budgetary adjustments, we have had to review some of our priorities and we propose to redeploy resources accordingly for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had a number of aspects of negotiations and was expected to contribute to its preparation of its analytical work, consensus-building and technical cooperation.
These products had low national added content.
The commodity-dependent LDCs were faced with a particularly difficult challenge, since the prices of commodity exports had significantly declined in real terms.
Development aid strategies had been redefined to support poverty reduction and many donors included technical assistance related to trade and investment.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and candidate countries accession to the EU (Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia, and Cyprus, Malta and Turkey), said that coherence was important and that, in that regard, the participation of the Council of Representatives of other institutions and organizations was positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) assisted the Task Force in forging partnerships and expanding them.
In an effort to strengthen its outreach and facilitate contacts with national policy makers, the Special Unit has developed a web-based database, which includes the coordination of policy makers and ICT officials in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General, within existing resources, to allocate the financial and administrative resources necessary for the effective functioning of the Inter-Agency Secretariat for the Implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate and requests it to continue:
Documentation
Election of a representative Government to succeed the Afghan Transitional Authority following free and fair elections in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a guide for Senegalese women is published periodically, which deals with issues such as civil status, marriage, food obligation, inheritance problems, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land ownership and credit, or the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo-Addo.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Considerations relating to the possibility of the United Nations to perform the function of supervisory authority under the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the forces of ECOWAS and the French forces to continue to work in close consultation with the Special Representative and the Follow-up Committee and to continue to report periodically on all aspects of the implementation of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council, as document S/2003/500.
Lusaka for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to help Africans build their capacities in peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted late to conference services, without the explanatory note requested by the General Assembly, in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in the event of a late submission of a report to the conference services.
The International Business Companies Act of 2000, provides for the elimination of actions payable to the holder and, where such actions have already been issued, their reminder and their replacement of the actions taken.
These services include management or performance of financial services in the Bahamas or from the Bahamas, including online financial services, the registration of directors or administrators of international business companies, the provision of international business companies and licensed offices, the provision of management and management services to international commercial companies, the provision of listed companies for internationally traded companies, the provision of services of partners for registered companies and companies.
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements allow some individuals to be included in a national exclusion list.
Participation in the workshop was beneficial.
For example, the Section provided guidance on the rules to be applied in the case of projects implemented by national entities, building on the experience of UNDP in this area.
In 17 offices, the control of the presences and the omission was not carried out in the rules.
This return also recognized the importance of regular project audit planning.
In this regard, Governments have been encouraged to request their implementing agencies to use the same format of reporting to streamline and facilitate the preparation of reports on mandated activities.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
Staffing could be further reduced in the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991 from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/23306, S/23307, S/23308, S/23309 and S/23317)
The information that organizations should obtain and seek to verify would include: audited performance for the past five years; past and present legal difficulties; identity of other key clients.
Also affirms that the Organization is firmly committed to the equitable treatment of all bidders on a geographical basis as wide as possible, both procurement and outsourcing;
Mr. Negroponte (United States of America): First of all, I thank Assistant Secretary-General Türk for his timely briefing on the progress of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Montserrat has, since 1998, in a phase of “recovery and reconstruction”, it has been difficult to cope with an increasing emergency situation while facilitating the development process.
These funds provided funding for environmental, training and health projects, and programmes in the legal and legislative fields.
With respect to the currency of payment, it was necessary to inform the transmittinger of funds for the benefit of the official system from other channels of security and speed of transfers.
• Work for the fair and expeditious trial of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of reports with the administration, the Federation met with many difficulties because of the lack of clear lines of human rights and persons with the knowledge and expertise necessary to approve projects.
With regard to strengthening the resident coordinator system, increased participation of United Nations specialized and technical institutions in the functioning of the system is considered by Member States as a positive step.
Because of armed conflicts and civil strife in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania has remained in recent years one of the African countries hosting most refugees in its territory.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary steps to ensure the translation, in the Somali language, of the present resolution, accompanied by an appropriate explanatory note of information, as well as wide dissemination in the country through the Human Rights Officer for Somalia located in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for risk groups, particularly drug addicts, to reduce the risk of transmission of infectious diseases such as the human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda for the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting is contained in annex I.
Discussion
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States continue to receive documentation in an appropriate form.
The addition of the phrase “Supporting new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was challenged as the Second Committee had not yet reached a consensus on the issue.
Some members suggested that the publication should be sold rather than distributed free of charge.
The Council's consultations with the countries members of the New Partnership and ECA had been welcomed.
A/58/6 (Sect.
Investigations on the cause of damage may also be lengthy, particularly in countries where the authorities responsible for maritime security and/or the courts themselves investigate the charges and take time to issue their findings.
As part of the draft amendment of Act No. 1015 entitled “Lownership of los actosilícosresados a laigtimación de matientes” (Act on the Prevention and Punishment of Unlawful Acts with a view to legitimating capital or assets), it is envisaged to expand the scope of application of the Act, even though article 11 (n) of the text refers to any natural person or legal activity that is usually in force.
It is important for the Commission not to disperse its attention.
It must also reaffirm its conviction of the importance of the participation of civil society as a strategic partner in the work of United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions under which women have their professional and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 265 of the Labour Code, mothers raising three or more children under 16 years of age, or two children and more for women living alone, receive an additional day of leave per week, paid according to the average daily wage.
The link between reproductive rights and family law is evident: maternity and paternity are the direct consequence of the exercise of the reproductive rights of citizens.
The adoption of new marriage and family codes, and work was the most important aspect of the development of legislation.
UNIDO's investment and technology promotion activities focus on promoting partnerships and organic linkages (such as technology transfer, outsourcing, common marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign companies and national enterprises.
In this regard, the clean production programme has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO's services to increase energy efficiency, with the training of CNPP and PNPP personnel and the identification, development and implementation of technical cooperation projects to be submitted to the Kyoto Protocol and the GEF.
However, it is ready to provide the Commission with any additional information that it may wish.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It reviews the results achieved in the areas of development and the organization, particularly with regard to the linkages between evaluations, knowledge acquisition, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC plans to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on this issue in the near future.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,696,600
Demands that the Liberian parties cease hostilities throughout the territory of Liberia and fulfil their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the Ceasefire Agreement, including its cooperation in the formation of the Joint Monitoring Commission established by the Ceasefire Agreement;
Invites donor countries and recipient countries to consider including, in their bilateral programmes and projects, the training of armed forces, security forces, penitentiary personnel, police and medical personnel, human rights protection and prevention of torture, without neglecting their gender dimension;
The Study Group conducted an initial exchange of views on the basis of the report of the 2002 Study Group (A/57/10, paras. 489 to 513); and the thematic summary, prepared by the Secretariat, of the debate held by the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
Principal resources of the programme
• Ensure the overall management of the decision-making processes and the activities of the Office of the Prosecutor required under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the rules of the Office of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit highly qualified persons in a manner that ensures that all staff members are physically, psychological and emotional in a position to perform their duties.
• All particular equipment and items are subject to receipt and inspection prior to their admission to the Court
• Development of new Intranet modules
Substantive organization in The Hague and the Field
Three interpreters per language for French, English, Russian and Spanish and four language for Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider adopting appropriate legislative and administrative measures consistent with the objectives of this Convention and in accordance with the basic principles of its domestic law, with a view to enhancing transparency in the financing of applications for elected public office and, where appropriate, the financing of political parties.
(a) Public dissemination of information on procurement procedures and markets, including information on tendering and relevant information on the award of contracts, provided sufficient time for prospective bidders to prepare and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the lack of dual criminality to refuse to provide assistance under this article.
(c) Satisfaction of the special needs of Africa: consolidation of democracy, sustainable peace, eradication of poverty and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, a very poor developing country, more than others in the same category, is presented in the box below; it is clear how the country is working with the United Nations system to engage in various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “Everything except weapons”, the Group of 77 looked forward to studying with its development partners how to encourage such policies to directly contribute to improving living conditions in African countries, to which the international community needed to provide full support if it was to achieve the goal of halving poverty in the Millennium Declaration.
Three key aspects of the ICT strategy:
At the time, we must take the necessary measures to prevent the situation from further escalation and to ensure that our President is not subjected to any difficulties.
(e) Ensure the maintenance and strengthening of political and operational cooperation and support of the Tribunal by external partners such as Governments and non-State entities;
In addition, the time required for the oral arguments (e.g., they usually spend two to five days, depending on the number of accused).
The practice of simultaneous trials consists of two cases during consecutive periods, such as trial A five weeks, trial B five weeks, trial A five weeks, etc. The defence counsel in the trial A leaves Arusha while trial B takes place.
The members of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) welcomed the study, which they consider it a well-informed and useful framework to revise, reassess or adjust existing policies for the support costs of extrabudgetary activities of the organizations of the United Nations system.
In accordance with that resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur has submitted 10 major reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 progress reports to the General Assembly, which are supplemented by 18 addenda to the Commission or the Assembly.
He would also like to recall the need for respect for the freedom of the press, to draw the attention of the Egyptian authorities to the need to combat all forms of religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and therefore must be prohibited by law.
In accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized a seminar of experts to discuss the interdependence of democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group B
At the same time, in the past decade, institutions, initiatives and European legislation have been implemented in the sense of inclusion, considering that the protection of minority rights is an integral part of any democratic evolution.
As Guyana has taken into account in this collective system for peace and security, it is to ensure that the new reform council can reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is of utmost importance.
We must therefore establish global institutions and create effective partnerships within a fair and open trade, and we must also strengthen development support for the least developed countries.
A regional strategy has also been developed to facilitate HIV/AIDS interventions.
Mr. Pavanajeet Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where the States concerned agree, the adoption of a cross-border perspective for the sustainable development of mountain chains, and the exchange of information thereon;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration with a view to more effectively implementing chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) To closely monitor the operation of the global communications support project, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and to continue to ensure that the project is in line with the guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications under the programme of work was reviewed.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As requested by the Statistical Commission at its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) To coordinate the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of the records of its work;
Thirdly, the Department of Public Information should be intensified.
By increasing the volume of Russian language information on the United Nations website, the number of Russian language visitors has been increased.
At the 4th meeting, the Chairman also invited the representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, having considered a proposal by the Chair, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, covering sub-items (a) and (c) for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session.
Notes
sulphur and women's salt are among the most important chemical elements and metal deposits (sol, zinc and lead) are very large.
From 1990 to 2002, Poland has reformed its public service.
(h) Cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen cannot lose his citizenship except if he or she renounces him.
Under article 41, paragraph 1, deprivation of liberty or restriction of liberty is admissible only in accordance with the principles and modalities of the law.
The issue of rivers Ouazani and Hasbani continues to be a source of tension and possible escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Even if the posts are frozen, they will continue to be included in the approved staffing table (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities requiring additional resources is provided in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments were due to changes in the rate of exchange between the United States dollar, currency in which the United Nations accounts are registered, and the euro of the host country.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget, as presented in table xx below;
Takes note of the Fund for Peace: Peaceful Settlement of Territorial Disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as the main mechanism, given its wider regional scope, for the prevention and settlement of territorial and maritime disputes, also takes note of the Caribbean Trust Fund established by the Conference on Maritime Delimitation in the Caribbean, held in Mexico City from 6 to 8 May 2002, which is intended to facilitate technical assistance to facilitate the Caribbean region through the purpose of the Caribbean, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, in order to facilitate the Caribbean States, in order to facilitate, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, in order to facilitate the Caribbean, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, the Caribbean, in order to facilitate, in order to facilitate the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, inter alia, in order to facilitate the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, in Mexico City of the Caribbean States to facilitate, inter alia
Also takes note of the Pacific Islands Regional Ocean Policy approved at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest the increase in financial resources from bilateral donors, and noted the initiative of United Nations agencies to improve coherence in their technical cooperation activities.
Some children and government troops as well as rebels have abducted or convinced to join their ranks have been sent to death on front lines.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Recognizing the responsibility of the international community to defend human rights and to uphold international law,
He therefore supported the proposal to defer the consideration of the item for two years, on the understanding that the vote of the motion did not imply a position in favour or against the two draft resolutions; it was simply to recognize the need to base the agreement on a consensus.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Awareness of managers and public opinion on the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to help boost economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property referred to in note 11 to the financial statements was the property of the organization as at 31 December 2002 was not subject to any charge.
In a memorandum of 5 February 2003, the Office considered that the “special clause” remained invalid, as it was included in the contract at the time of recruitment, without prior use by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide special rapporteurs and joint mission all necessary assistance to enable them to discharge their mandate fully;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in political discourse since the 1980s, indigenous peoples are being criticized for the Bank's lack of commitment to the implementation and respect of indigenous peoples' policies, which are therefore often interpreted as purity.
CFA Secretariat 35-37 Sackville St.
Almost all countries have a chemical sector, but nearly 80 per cent of global production is the fact of 16 countries, whose vast majority are OECD members.
Resolution
In that regard, it was pointed out that in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council had clearly stated that the claim of political motives should not be considered as grounds for refusing requests for extradition of alleged terrorists.
The outcome of the technical meetings and seminars held at the request of the Assembly will also be presented to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) To comment on the future guidance of the Partnership and its programme for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to transmit the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the Conference of the Parties for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of the establishment of the post;
The increase in non-post requirements (8103,800 Swiss francs, or 5.2 per cent) relate mainly to increased requirements for grants and contributions (8400,900 Swiss francs) to cover the cost of services rendered to ITC by the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Central Support Services of the United Nations Office at Geneva, as well as the reduced requirements for the two posts referred to in paragraph 9 above;
This is “multiple uses” for which definition and notice considerations are as important as most environmental goods.
In the design, they meet a specific intent and are intended for environmental purposes: for example, a recycling station remains a recycling station even though the techniques it uses are deeply amended.
For intellectual property rights, article 66, paragraph 2, and article 67 of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS), WTO members providing incentives for technology transfer could be implemented.
Several recommendations made at the meeting concerned the possible actions at the national level:
The increased requirements and overexpenditures under this heading are due to the revision of the approved adjustment rates of 1 November 2002 to new salary scales for Professional and higher categories and for Field Service staff (two categories whose status is governed by the 100 and 300 series of the Staff Rules) as of 1 January 2003, for the approval of a post adjustment allowance for staff in the higher categories of functions and for the higher categories.
(a) A new preambular paragraph was inserted after the fifth preambular paragraph:
Description of the methodologies used to identify key sources of the CRF Information on the level of detail tables 7A1 to 7.A3 of the IPCC good practice guide1
Annex I Parties should complete all cases relating to estimates of amounts issued or absorbed, activity data and emission factors.
Italy is one of the most severely affected by population ageing.
Thus, the topic concerned State primary obligations and implied that the existence and conciliation of “legitimate interests and multiple factors”.
It also has the merit of not impeding judicial action for other reasons.
Another issue of common law is the rule of public office, which is more effective in the United States.
Introduction
We fully support the efforts to streamline the activities of the General Assembly and are prepared to assist other delegations, as well as ours to assume the heavy burden of meetings apparently perpetuates.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the beginning of the 1990s, which are important measures to revitalize the General Assembly and are based on the draft resolution we have just adopted.
Procedures differ because needs are not everywhere.
These warnings were accompanied by pressure to compel us to accept amendments or amendments that would limit or impair the rights of indigenous peoples recognized in international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, to be part of the World Trade Organization, bearing in mind paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/182 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who have served their functions during the period of nine years, the annual pension is:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims identified as overlapping of four “E4” claims are new or more significant losses in the light of those declared by the “E4” claimant.
UNSEQ number: E-2449
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several government representatives stated that in order to attract direct investment, these institutions must increase their support for the development of the necessary infrastructure, particularly in the information sector.
The globalization of development also requires the abolition of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and resource growth, as well as the increased participation of developing countries in international decision-making.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary border crossing point was opened between Restrictions in Kosovo and Strezimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for only local residents.
The free movement of minorities has also been hampered by the decision of the authorities of the Government of Serbia not to sign an agreement on the use in Serbia of Kosovo registration plates and by their appeals to deter Kosovo Serbs from moving by UNMIK to the registration of their vehicles.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, and we believe that this is an important first step towards establishing a legal norm in that area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to link this site to global sites and ECLAC web site on regional follow-up to United Nations conferences and summits, which will be launched in conjunction with the Fourth United Nations Inter-Agency Technical Coordination Meeting in June 2003.
The price of oil already included a “war premium” of approximately $5 per barrel in the last months of 2002 and exceeded the price of the barrel in January 2003.
They should begin with an initial structural adjustment by accession to UEM to meet the baseline levels defined for fiscal deficits; given their departure position, they would therefore be likely to apply in that period an excessive fiscal policy that would have a negative impact on economic growth.
A. Ahenar et al., op.
Under article 5 of the Internal Self-Government Act, the power to conduct foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Government of Denmark, and no part of that prerogative cannot be transferred to the autonomous administration of the Faroese Islands.
Thus, significant financial assistance is provided for the cost of exploitation of ethnic minority associations, intercultural activities and information materials, as well as various types of local integration projects.
The Community Social Charter of 1989, provides for the right to use collective action in cases of conflict of interest, in particular the right to strike, subject to the obligation to respect national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days in each quarter.
The high proportion of smokers in the population is primarily responsible for the relatively high mortality rate and has a negative impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played an important role in advocacy and facilitating campaigns that have resulted in new instruments and standards for the protection of children, as outlined below:
These organizations have played a leading role in the design and implementation of the programme.
• ACP-European Union Cooperation: the ACP-EU Partnership Agreement signed in Cotonou, Benin, in 2000, took into account various elements proposed by the Special Representative in the Joint ACP-EU Assembly in March 1999.
The presence of the United Nations, where in the world, has always been seen as a symbol and a guarantee of universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, attracted a wide audience, particularly in non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136-141, 144-146, 148 and 150
It is also continuing its efforts to raise awareness of women's rights in all its activities and the human rights mechanisms it supports, including through the adoption of a gender mainstreaming strategy in 2002.
Just, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established commissions or investigation teams.
Recommendations on travel grants
In accordance with the provisions applicable to consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, which the Council approved in its resolution 1996/31, the organizations in consultative status should submit a report on their activities every four years, particularly with regard to their support for the work of the United Nations.
In accordance with the recommendations contained in the report of the ACABQ (see A/C.5/57/SR.20), UNFIP initiated a series of activities in 2002 in the context of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects aimed at streamlining its activities, improving targeting and making them more effective.
Gender focal points have been appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Affairs enhances their capacity to implement the national gender policy.
Recalling its resolution 57/134 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs represented a characteristic of the service economy, and often large enterprises in developing countries were small businesses worldwide.
In the area of statistics, it was necessary to encourage data collection, as well as work on an assessment of social impact and impact on the development of services liberalization.
Assistance was particularly important as African countries continued parallel negotiations with the European Union to conclude economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of technical authentication work now
In an effort to address the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary and appropriate measures to strengthen legislation and institutional capacities in this field.
Country decisions
Exceptions
The Australian citizenship certificate is not a identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to work actively towards the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular on a common formula that may be included in a binding international instrument;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate to (a) subprogramme 3, Progressive development and codification of international law) of programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) to section 8, Legal affairs, and section 2, General Assembly affairs and conference services, of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
Representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) participated in the session.
Question 7.
Desiring to distinguish between the two types of cloning is intended only to try to hide the fact that human life is created to destroy them in order to produce embryonic cells or conduct other experiences.
There is no discussion, and it seems that differences of opinion will continue, no opinion should be imposed on all others.
The development of transport infrastructure and information and communication technologies, including the elimination of missing links, would improve transit transport and allow landlocked countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. De Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month for presenting the annual report of the Council covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Update on the United Nations System-wide Action Plan to Combat Drug Abuse (pars)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its deep concern at the tragic situation of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent displacement and to provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, in this regard recalls the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement, and urges the international community, under the leadership of the relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national projects and programmes aimed at alleviating the plight of internally displaced persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must provide benefits to all.
Just recently, in February 2003, two primary seismic monitoring stations, Lac-Bonnet (PS08) and Shreerville (PS10) were officially certified by the Temporary Technical Secretariat; the construction of a radiation monitoring station (RN16) to Yellknife was completed in March 2003.
He also welcomed the establishment of a general checkpoint and the transparency that characterized recent appointments to senior management positions.
Also at the 61st meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally proposed an amendment to the draft resolution by which operative paragraph 6 (g) would read as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of growing globalization, the measures taken by a Government may often have repercussions (reservations and negative) on the right to food of the people of another country (e.g. in the context of agricultural trade).
In accordance with article 507, members of groups referred to in article 499, which cooperate with the judiciary in identifying criminals or updating their criminal intentions will be granted forgiveness.
In the longer term, a flexible and effective legal framework on security rights could provide a useful tool to accelerate economic growth.
Decision of the Special Committee of 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We particularly welcome your efforts to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of those Territories, whose majority are located in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I invite you to consider the Committee as a friend, wishing to work with you and you, in the realization of the rights that are undeniably dancers.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first Framework for country cooperation approved by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, facilitate the development of an integrated national development plan, which will establish procedures for setting national priorities for development over the 10 years, focusing on health, population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
Within the Ministry, a State Secretariat was responsible for the advancement of women and the participation of women in development, reflecting the Government's willingness to pay special attention to women's issues: the Congo, all the secretariats of State participate in the meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia would like to thank the Quadriléal group and other countries for LDCs' initiatives in the field of market access, which seemed to have a competitive advantage and to encourage investment in the sectors covered by the programme.
However, it was expected that the Organization would conclude its year on a positive cash balance (currently over $4 million) under the regular budget — which would be favourable if it was to be met.
Bigamy
Maintenance of order
We have planned food, tents, cover, medicines and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, especially floods, also contribute to the deterioration of habitats and the depletion of resources in the East Asian subregion.
As part of their day-to-day activities, women are the main protection of forest species and therefore depend on their future productivity.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation among developing countries, should not be overlooked.
The Government of Slovenia has established an interdepartmental working group to implement restrictive measures and follow up on counter-terrorism activities.
At the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on Children in Armed Conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- Financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otiti (Uganda) said that her delegation had been inadvertently included as a technical error.
(b) A certified copy of the memorandum and articles of association of society;
Subject to other priorities and available resources, the Government of Bahrain intends to move this process forward in the next few months.
Fifty-eighth session
The view was expressed that the basic criterion for balancing the interests of buyers and secured creditors was the notion of “ordinary course of business”.
The Working Group on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget will have before it annually a comprehensive study on a technical cooperation programme.
The cotton problem was crucial, and the difficulties faced by African producers should be seen from both moral and economic perspectives.
The Emergency Programme of Action launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to reverse the spread of HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia is intended to achieve the goals set out in the Declaration of Commitment through broad national action supported by UNAIDS technical, financial and tactical support and collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that parents are best placed to do so, that they have the duty to guide children, raise them in a healthy environment, educate them about the sense of duty, integrity, responsibility, citizenship, compassion and service for others, to help strengthen families, communities and nations throughout the world;
Most of the Muslim countries in the Middle East are located in the Indian subcontinent in South-East Asia and in certain regions of Africa.
27 October 2003, Baghdad
However, in cases where sanctions remain in force for a long period of time, such as in the case of the Al-Qaida and Taliban sanctions regime, universal reporting rules cannot be as effective.
The Government of East Timor is currently considering projects aimed at improving the capacity of East Timor police in both areas, in addition to its ability to cope with civil strife.
In addition, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police to address threats of criminal and armed groups in campaigns and in the region of the tactical coordination line.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to indicate whether they wished to participate in the work of the new team and to provide the Office for Outer Space Affairs with the focal points they would designate.
The Criminal Law provides a certain measure of the conduct referred to in this article, but the penalties provided for must be radically revised.
In both urban and rural areas, female illiteracy is combined with poverty and ingrats, with dependency and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of African countries have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to African countries.
The Group currently comprises seven persons.
The members of the Committee have discussed the matter extensively without reaching agreement on the causes of the problem or on ways to address them.
They supported United States military activities in their territories, as they did not forget their own history, and they knew by experience what vulnerability and appreciated the security and protection of the United States.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Commerce of Guam, October-December 2001, www.admin.gov.gu/trade.
Implementation of the safeguards of the International Atomic Energy Agency in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative
With regard to funding, improvements in the situation in 2002-2003 with respect to income and expenditure and the implementation of the revised recovery policy also provide good prospects for the financial plan and budget of UNICEF.
General
Table IV summarizes the proposed changes in the number of posts funded under the support budget for each of the main components of each appropriation line.
Summary table V provides for a comparison between the total number of posts in each organizational unit for the current and future biennium.
Table 7 Distribution of recurrent and new investment expenditures, 2004-2005
It summarizes the progress made by Central American countries towards peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since the issuance of my last report (A/57/387 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit in Cuzco (Peru), the 19 members of the Group adopted the Cuzco Consensus, the strategic action programme to overcome poverty and social exclusion, and dealing with the themes of democratic governance, cultural identity and external relations and the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The immense reconstruction efforts of the region continue with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and related reports
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 17, in 19, 24, 25 and 27 September; 3, 11, 14, 15, 25 and 28 October; 6, 7, 13, 19, 22 and 25 November; 3, 4, 6, 16, 20 and 30 December 2002; 6, 9, 10, 15, 16, 23, 27, 29 and 31 January; 12 and 24 to 27 February; 4 to 14, 20, 21, 25 and 26 March; 2, 8, 10, 14, 16, 22 and 24 April; 8, 9, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, and 9, 10, 19, 20, 19, 20, paragraphs 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, and 9, 10, 19, 20, 19, 20, 10, 19, 20, 10, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 10, 19, 20, 19, 20, 10, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 10, 19, 20, 19, 20, and 8, 9, 10, 19, 20, 19, 20, and 9, 10, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, and 9, 10, 19, 20, 9, 10, 19, 20, 10, 19, 20, 9, 10, 19, 20, and 9, 10, 19, 20, 10, 19, 20, paragraphs 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, and 9, 10, 19, 20, 19, 20, 9, 10, 9, 10, 19, 20, 9, 10, 19, 20, 9, 10, 19, 20, and 9, 10, 19, 20, 9, 10, 19, 20, 9, 10, 19, 20, 9, 10, 19, 20, and 9, 10, 16, 20, 9, 10, 19, 20, and 20 and 9, and 9, 10, 19, 20, 19,
UNMOVIC also had contacts with many Governments in the area of export control, particularly with regard to finding practical solutions to issues such as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for an appropriate balance between non-proliferation and legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, the information is based on the recent update of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on budget preparation in the United Nations system.
Of the 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are fully or primarily devoted to renewable energy sources.
Nuclear non-proliferation and the peaceful uses of the home can be coupled with transparency and mutual confidence.
In this regard, the experience of developed democracies is very valuable.
Without the burial of those persons, I take this opportunity to inform me in the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the most sincere condolences of the Bulgarian people to their families.
We can talk about victory when those attacks will no longer take place, because they will defeat the entire nation.
The Government has identified some 30,000 persons affiliated to organizations regarded as terrorists because of the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the appointment of operational entities accredited and designated provisionally by the Council.
Only through their commitment and dedication, with the assistance of the secretariat, is to carry out the heavy and difficult tasks assigned to them.
PROVISIONS OF THE APPLICATION OF THE HIGH COMMISSIONER FOR THE HIGH COMMISSIONER'S PROGRAMME AND PROCEDURES DUN CDM
Statistical study, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and April/May 2003, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
I would now like to reiterate the names of the two countries among the Asian States that wish to present a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Achievements in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was in the interest of both developed and developing countries to establish a rational and equitable multilateral trading system.
International agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to regulate, particularly in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy were of the utmost importance to the economies of the Group member countries.
FDI could play a fundamental role in economic growth and the development of host countries.
States
In essence, his delegation supported all the suggestions of the Special Rapporteur, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted that the sector, which escaped State control and tax systems, occupied a considerable place in the economy of many developing countries in all regions.
FURISTRATION OF THE HIGH COMMISSIONER'S COMMITTEE, INCLUDING SON RECORD OF THE HIGH COMMISSIONER'S PROGRAMME
This joint programme would enable Member States to more comprehensively address the prospects and risks of a global society and serve to implement the basic proposals made by the Secretary-General on science and technology at the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the Group of 8 July 2000 and the Dubai Declaration of the Group of 77 for the promotion of science and technology in the South (October 2002).
In detail how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international development cooperation will focus on the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the chains, the presenters used the guide and, although the other stations did not follow their example, a normalization of decision-making remained possible.
They took note of the convening of the Fourth Meeting of States Parties to the Convention from 16 to 20 September 2002.
They strongly supported unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures adopted by some Governments to reduce their military expenditures, thereby contributing to strengthening regional and international peace and security.
Vocational training and job creation must enable cities to value the potential of youth.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
2-6 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an introductory statement.
While the region of the Middle East is a particularly sensitive area in the light of the various problems that still exist and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that it is important for the international community to devote priority to achieving this goal within the framework of the United Nations in order to move towards peace in that region.
It should also be noted that better understanding of the resolution of the issue of the composition of the office will facilitate the strengthening of the understanding of the rules governing the membership of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.15 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
Under the sanctions regime [para. 4 (b) established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraph 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002)], Member States are required to freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources of persons or entities, including the funds derived from or controlled assets, directly or indirectly by their agents or agents, and to ensure that their nationals and individuals in their territories or persons who are directly or indirectly available to them.
Almost all federal law enforcement agencies contributed to this effort by providing basic and advanced training courses in all areas of financial crime.
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network - FinCEN
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is entitled under article 7 of the Companies Act to exercise control over the objectives, sources of finance and non-profit organizations.
Members of the mission stressed that they had not come to office as mediator, or to act in the peace talks in Liberia, but they indicated to all parties the elements they were essential: full respect for the ceasefire; a comprehensive political settlement for the appointment of a transitional Government to hold free and fair elections; respect for international humanitarian law, including access and humanitarian organizations without restriction;
(d) Report of the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not generally applied and the provisions of the various conventions on accountability and relations were difficult to understand.
The Advisory Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following issues at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission on the Transfer of Marine Technology; (2) the possible establishment of an internal procedure of IOC for the effective implementation of article 247 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, on science and research projects and the exploration of marine science by international organizations or under their auspices;
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
Following this conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the heart of the international development community.
He hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States would follow the same review framework, and that the General Assembly would request the Secretary-General to submit an annual progress report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
Following a civil war that had ruined the national economy, Burundi cannot complete this programme of internal and external dislocation to poverty without the support of the international community.
This has a negative impact on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to communicate to the Secretary-General, in time to enable the General Assembly to deliberate at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways to strengthen and broaden participation in the standardized reporting system, including changes to its content and structure;
At the outset, the difficulty of deciding whether the debtor should be subject to liquidation rather than reorganization proceedings led some countries to review their insolvency law and replace the separate proceedings by “university”.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, in schools in view of potentially dangerous situations.
We attach high priority to our collaboration with our WHO partners and others to encourage breastfeeding as the best solution to protect children's health.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532) and the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and the continuing efforts of the Government of the United States of America to conclude bilateral agreements with Member States under article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the authorities of Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Ecuador, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, Equatorial Guinea, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria (3), Pakistan, Peru, Sudan, Tunisia (2), Turkey and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge shall inform him of his personal and fiduciary financial interests and make every effort reasonably possible to be informed of the financial interests of the members of his family.
Member States reported some difficulties encountered in implementing the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthen technological support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms; strengthen human capacities; identify new technologies and applications; and encourage international collaboration in research in the areas left;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile, and by the observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of FISC (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In his introductory statement, Mr. Kim Hak-Su welcomed the first substantive stage of the process leading to the convening of a final international conference on chemicals management in 2006.
Response measures
I would like to say that working with you in the Council to the United Nations has been an enriching experience.
We particularly appreciate your country's commitment and conviction in extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
Activities
A technical cooperation project for the Maputo Trade Point (Mozambique) is under way and is expected to be completed by the end of 2003.
The DMFAS is self-financing by making debt-servicing more effective and correcting inconsistencies in the claims of creditors.
It is a smaller country with a smaller population, but 2.2 of 3.3 million people are threatened with famine.
I still do not understand why it is difficult to accept this statement.
Article 2.8. The Secretary-General may submit additional proposals for the programme budget whenever appropriate.
Article 4.5 provides for the establishment of a Peacekeeping Reserve Fund as a cash-flow facility for the Organization to act quickly during the start-up phase of new peacekeeping operations or the expansion of existing operations, and to finance unforeseen and extraordinary peacekeeping costs.
These agreements include the provision of full reimbursement of the Organization's expenses.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Recognizes that it is preferable in the interest of the Organization to give goods or assign them to a nominal price to another intergovernmental organization, government, public agency or other non-profit organizations.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after in-depth investigation, authorize the write-off of losses of cash, goods and other assets, on the understanding that it must submit to the Board of Auditors, together with the accounts, a statement of all the amounts thus written off.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally corrected?
Abstaining:
It cannot, by their nature, impose confidence-building measures that must, therefore, be defined and agreed on the basis of volunteerism, at the appropriate pace of States taking part in the process.
Otherwise, developing countries will only be more marginalized.
In Kisangani, she met the families of the victims of May 2002 killings and victims of sexual abuse, and also visited prison and cachots.
The cost of constructing prefabricated offices is estimated at $985,671.
Special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of working groups responsible for the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as the chairpersons of human rights treaty bodies, regret that combating terrorism is used as a pretext for threatening human rights defenders and taking vulnerable groups to address them because of their origin and socio-economic conditions, which are particularly relevant to migrants, and migrants, particularly in the case of migrants.
Why?
My fifth proposal is of a general nature: it is to act on the source of these two scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting settlement of these conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and transitional Governments of those States obtain accounts and enforce justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which calls upon regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist Somali parties and States in the region to fully implement the arms embargo, which is a fundamental component of the Somali national reconciliation process.
In truth, the League of Arab States had played a role in meeting the deteriorating political and security situation in the region, whether Palestine, Iraq or regional security.
It also sought to ensure that inspectors, when returning to Iraq, can work and circulate in any freedom, which was recognized in Security Council resolution 1441 (2002).
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Calls upon the United Nations system to integrate a gender perspective into all their programmes and policies, including in a coherent follow-up to United Nations conferences, in accordance with agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective, adopted by the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session in 1997, and welcomes the decision of the Economic and Social Council to devote, at its substantive session, a two-pronged approach to the review of the themes of the Economic and Social Council in 2004,
It is true that many countries covered by the HIPC Initiative do not adequately implement IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
The main counsel that Mr. Duque may give the Committee is not to allow this issue to take a political turn.
Strengthening United Nations action in the field of human rights through the promotion of international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that through increased efforts and implementation, a reasonable compromise will be reached on the issue of Security Council reform in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reiterate once again that the People's and Democratic Republic of Korea has fully fulfilled its obligations in accordance with the provisions of the 1994 Agreed Agreement between the People and Democratic Republic of Korea and the United States, until its withdrawal from the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopted the concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections may be submitted within seven days of the receipt of the record or the closure of the session, whichever is later.
Welcoming the reorganization of the bureaux of the Committee and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation looked forward to working with them on issues such as space education and natural disaster mitigation.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of annual meetings with the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of the Office of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit on Sustainable Development towards the more effective and coherent achievement of the three objectives of the Convention and the achievement of by 2010 of a significant slowdown in the current rate of depletion of biodiversity, which will require action at all levels, including the implementation of national biodiversity strategies and action plans and the allocation of additional financial and technical resources and developing countries,
The budget should be revised to reflect the costs and resources resulting from the unification of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In operative paragraph 4, the two “staff” was replaced by the words “the Secretary-General and the executive heads of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned about the remaining problems,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations made by the Committee for Programme and Coordination, as contained in section C.4 of section III of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of the Central Asian countries on trafficking in small arms and light weapons during which debate was devoted to the ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, submitted pursuant to Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999, and the reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/11 of 4 December 2000,
It is important for the Congress to reject its initial refusal to support national remedies and to ensure the financing and institutional stability of payments through the adoption of the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed simply because they were Serbian and to send to all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must go and that there is no chance of reconciliation, or to reach the multi-ethnic society under Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and we call on all of our wishes.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps, a civil emergency organization.
For that reason, Israel's responsibility to put an end to those violations of Lebanese airspace and to prevent tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as set out below.
In this Organization, there will always be zero tolerance for those who advocate intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence.
The Committee agreed that the two secretariats should continue to work together.
At its resumed session in 2001, the Committee had before it special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint submitted by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that his only concern was to ensure that the NGO did not have its status with the Council by carrying out its activities in a manner that challenged the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (from 25 to 50th) were held.
However, linkages between areas were extremely complex issues.
Angola hosted the Seventh Conference on Trade and Oil and Gas in Africa in May 2003.
If the answer is “Yes”, please describe the measures taken.
The persons whose DNA is subject to an analysis also have the right to know who collect such information, for whom purposes they are stored and can have access.
The licensing criteria set out in the European patent Convention are as follows: (i) new activity; (ii) industrial application.
2, and 17.b) of the European Agreement on Road Signs of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Artistic and Excerptsers, Phonograms producers and broadcasting agencies of 26 October 1961.
(h) To approve the implementation plan;
For example, the rural population increased in North-East and South-West regions (from 49.8 per cent to 50,0 per cent and 49.1 per cent to 49.3 per cent), respectively, while it declined in the following regions: Bucharest (from 49.8 per cent to 49.4 per cent), the South (from 49.7 per cent to 49.5 per cent) and the Centre (from 50.1 per cent).
Women and men also have equal rights to the citizenship of their children.
The various family planning methods were not well known before 1989 and couples were most frequently used in natural methods and condoms.
This revaluation of the allowance reflects the increase in the cost of school supplies, food, clothing and other products of strict necessity for children, and is intended to prevent school abandonment, a phenomenon that has taken place in recent years because of the decline in the financial resources of families with children.
Lack of development activities in the most volatile areas of the country has not been affected.
More than 40 countries benefited from the United Nations Development Group Common Services pilot programme, with donor grants to finance or improve common services provided to 24 country teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions — particularly the Bretton Woods institutions — focus on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and poverty reduction strategy papers.
A representative may, in his statement, address the substance of the question under discussion.
(e) Background that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation has designated the Commission to serve as the focal point for discussions on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and would reaffirm that partnerships, as voluntary initiatives undertaken by stakeholders, contribute to the implementation of intergovernmental commitments under Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
MOSS
We look forward to your consideration of our proposal.
Thus, the proposal to impose an immediate moratorium on mining industry activities in Liberia is based on past experiences and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
In view of their view, model 3, to the extent that it was less than the other two of the current system, would be used by several organizations.
Conditions of service of Professional and higher categories
As a result, the amounts of the mobility and hardship allowance would remain unchanged.
(e) Review of grade equivalency between the United Nations civil service and the United States Federal Administration.
He then noted that each of the borrowing was under way prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and assessment of progress towards sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights stressed the importance of improving the response of the international community to violence by strengthening national preventive efforts and through international cooperation.
While nearly 50 business leaders were present at the official launch, before the end of 2003, the Global Compact became a very developed international network with over 1,000 companies worldwide, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by the submitting institutions are reported.
• Financial rules (D) and (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines created a climate of close dialogue and cooperation between Governments, international organizations and non-governmental organizations in the same spirit.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11 visiting missions
The working group recognizes the importance of the summary to accompany the report.
Following these deliberations, the members of the Committee, based on the provisions relating to the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on the work of its fortieth session (1997), approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, had reached the following agreement, which would serve as a basis for the election of the members of the Committee at its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue among States, indigenous peoples and other actors on the concept of indigenous peoples in the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III Theme of the session: “Indigenous children and youth”
), A.C., A.C., A.C., A.C., A.C., A.C., A.C., A.C., A.C., A.C., A.C., A.C., A.C., A.C., A.C.
Most Governments are aware of the growing threat posed by the continued illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and give high priority measures to mitigate this threat.
Those successes demanded long-term investment in economic development, supported by technical assistance.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations spoke with the Special Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions.
Statement submitted by the Co-Dame of the Charity of the Bonusator, a non-governmental organization in special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 provides updated information on the financial situation of UNATSO and the Civilian Police Support Unit as at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lauro Baja, Jr.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Booby-Traps and Other Devices, as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, as amended on 3 May 1996) annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they be defined to facilitate performance monitoring and evaluation and to focus on product implementation schedules.
The Advisory Committee is, however, not convinced that three additional posts should be established in order to maintain military expertise.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continue cooperation with core indigenous organizations, recognize their marginalization and strengthen their capacity to address issues of concern at the national and international levels;
The Council, in paragraph 2 of its resolution 1356 (2001), decided that the embargo would not apply to protective clothing, including cachts and military cases, temporarily exported to Somalia for their personal use exclusively by United Nations personnel, media representatives, humanitarian personnel, development assistance and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the Research Centre on Islamic History, art and culture (IRICCA) in Istanbul to preserve the cultural heritage and Islamic identity of Muslim communities in non-OIC member States.
The impact of the information society on economic and social development was addressed, and urged industrial States to develop a programme of work for developing States to take advantage of communication technologies to bridge the digital divide and decided to participate actively at the World Summit on the Information Society and to coordinate their positions.
CONDAMNCBs all forms of repression against refugees, including armed attacks on refugee camps, and pressure on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, aimed, in particular, to strengthen Islamic solidarity among Member States and to strengthen their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and in all vital sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to achieve consensus around its programme of work, including the establishment of subsidiary negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, the prevention of the arms race in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and effective international measures to protect non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to begin its substantive work on the prevention of the arms race in outer space as soon as possible.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons
Resolution No. 7/30-E on the external debt of Member States and other OIC Member States
The IDBERCIE organized a workshop on “private sector investment and the role of IDB in member States” in Istanbul from 14 to 16 September 2002 in cooperation with the OIC institutions and also expresses its appreciation to the Republic of Turkey for hosting the workshop.
PEND NOTE with appreciation the draft resolutions contained in the report of the ninth private sector meeting.
Further calls upon Member States with technical infrastructure for the conservation and restoration of manuscripts, to grant scholarships to university staff, with a view to increasing their expertise in this area.
Recalling further United Nations resolution No. 49/60 on the Declaration of Principles to Combat International Terrorism;
With regard to the whole region of West Africa, which I hope will receive sustained attention from the Council and other agencies of the United Nations system following our mission and report, subregional problems are enormous and we have listed in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the work of the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be crucial to avoiding a possible conflict if the necessary measures are not taken.
Such negotiations may introduce a number of disadvantage, as they require highly qualified and experienced personnel and have an increased risk of abuse or corrupt practices.
In the letter of support, UNCITRAL requested “relevant comments on specific provisions to facilitate the preparation of an analytical commentary to be submitted to the Commission”.
It was therefore necessary to combine economic and political efforts and implement all relevant United Nations resolutions calling for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from all occupied territories and to declare the right of the Palestinian people to a politically independent and economically viable State.
Following the adoption of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003), the Jordanian Minister for Finance, in its note No. 12/3/2908 of 3 April 2003, forwarded the names of individuals and entities on the consolidated list and requested them to prohibit the clearance of imported or exported goods by those individuals or entities and to confiscate them in the territory and to report to the Customs Directorate all relevant information.
Invites States to review and reform, where appropriate, legislation and practices to raise the minimum age of marriage, with or without parental consent, both for girls and boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteur with all relevant information sources, including a compilation of studies and publications on the impact of terrorism and the impact of the fight against terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session the following draft resolution:
In addition, the Committee has no objection to the fact that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the Emergency Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 are supplemented by an amount not exceeding $200,000 (see A/58/214, para.
Each subsystem is adapted to the computer environment and the organizational procedures.
The participants and beneficiaries will be the first to see an improvement in their services.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important tool for social change, as it enables everyone to acquire new values and change relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights enshrines the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and declares that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, that everyone can enjoy all the rights and freedoms set out in the Declaration, without distinction of any kind, and that the individual has duties to the community in which the free and full development of its personality is possible,
However, Eritrean authorities continue to state that local staff must fulfil their national service obligations and several Eritreans working for UNMEE have been arrested.
The Committee will encourage those who provide assistance, through expanded capacity-building programmes, on counter-terrorism capacities, to give greater priority to training and ensure that programmes are implemented in a timely and results-oriented manner.
12.44 This subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Investment, Enterprise Development and Technology Division.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they amounted to $218,478,915, including advances made by several Member States on their contribution to the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or place where their lives are at risk and close national borders to prevent asylum-seekers from leaving a country where their lives are at risk;
There is a growing trend towards giving priority to peace at the expense of justice, which can be understood in exceptional circumstances and in overcoming short-term crises during a peace process, but thus undermining the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear no objection, I shall take it that the Assembly agrees with this suggestion.
The General Assembly must proceed with the election of 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded this stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
However, it regrets that countries that have not yet adopted in some regions where the proliferation of ballistic missiles remains an urgent problem.
In view of the envisaged opening of new disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration centres and the increase in the workload of the Section, it is proposed that a net increase of 38 posts be increased.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, his delegation supported a broad scope of application.
As in previous instalments, the Panel reviewed the claims in part two of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after assessing the supporting documents and other evidence, bringing the balance of the interests of the claimants who had been forced to flee a zone of war and Iraq, which is responsible for the direct loss and damage resulting from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Nevertheless, in order to address this problem, our State intends to consider the future assistance of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, educational institutions and the religious and political personalities of the Palestinian Authority are hate speech, glorification and provide moral bond, both human and divide, to massacres.
If we wish to take the schedule, everyone will have the opportunity to intervene before the Council.
Israel stop the occupation of our territory, and continues to send settlers, and it ceases to violate our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess the progress made in the clean development mechanism and, where appropriate, recommend that the Conference of the Parties consider incorporating the guidelines to the Executive Board in the preamble and paragraph below.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections were suspended, but the Pinochet Government attempted to improve the provision of local services, resulting in a number of reforms, particularly in the area of income sharing.
In accordance with Sub-Commission resolution 2002/21, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had identified as major themes of its work in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004: “Commission resolution on indigenous issues”; in 2005: “Protection of indigenous traditional knowledge at the national and international levels”; and in 2006: “Children and indigenous people”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting a grant shall be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in promoting human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and the continued development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
General Assembly resolution 57/65 on the relationship between disarmament and development and why it was not mentioned in the programme document.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2 To obtain/proposed a document linked to an act of terrorism, deliberately neglecting the existence of this link (10 years imprisonment)
In real terms, expenditure for children increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having also considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to New Caledonia,
Therefore, there is no exception when it comes to the right of peoples to fight weapons for self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): The participation of civil society in general, and NGOs, in particular, is statutory under the Convention process.
d Contributions made at the sessions of the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities in November 2000 and November 2002 for 2003.
As at 16 January 2003, the total number of new voluntary contributions, which are available for the twenty-second session of the Council, amounted only to $551,548 (see table 1 above).
(d) If the action is intended to dismiss or terminate the contract of an employee and whether, in the opinion of the Head of State, the head of Government or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the employer State, such action may interfere with the State's security interests;
This session will be held at the Fiera Milano Congress Centre in Milan.
Whether this process is recognized and designated as appropriate (transition society or knowledge society) or any development, any regulations that strengthen knowledge acquisition systems, free a human potential, improves the value and guide it towards social, economic and political life, bring about a society of this new development phase.
Mary Ann I informed him of his intention to leave UNHCR for personal and professional reasons, and I have acceded to his request, not without regret.
The Committee suggests that all age groups be included in the indicator selected by the Friends of the Chair.
Emphasizing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts made by the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work done by the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Allocation of non-permanent seats in respect of regions
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete subparagraph.
The representative of any regional agreement or agency should indicate in writing to the President of the Security Council that he wishes to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how it would be possible to better provide guidance for the implementation of such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee requests the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies adopted to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of the legislative provisions on equality between men and women, including in the field of women's representation at various levels of government and civil service.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety of all personnel under the auspices of the United Nations participating in the Force;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (General Assembly resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 53/241)
Fundamental economic laws are under review, including investment and corporate registration laws and a bill on bankruptcy.
It is encouraging to note that there have been no developments during the recent period of the year in late 2002 and early this year.
The fourth point is that the Government of East Timor has managed to generate 44.1 million income, including $26.7 million for income from the East Timorese Sea during the current year, which demonstrates that the State is increasingly able to mobilize its own resources.
It should not address the liability of the performing carrier.
Additional statements and contributions for the elaboration of the draft instrument
(d) Encourage, in general, activities aimed at strengthening the independence of the judiciary and the bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and is increasing with years.
One of them would have been carried out before the University's main entrance, with the aim of creating a climate of terror after a demonstration of students.
The international community should focus on this growing trend in the use of excessive force;
We would also like to reiterate that, with regard to the controversial issue of the agent inner XV and the coward of coal, which was unilaterally destroyed by Iraq, it has made concrete proposals in recent technical discussions with Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February. The aim was to resolve the issues considered by the former Special Commission as vague or outstanding.
Efforts have been made in the past in the form of texts proposed in the hope of overcoming this political impasse.
We intend to increase the number of customs and procurement experts to monitor imports in Iraq.
Let us establish if we sincerely seek to achieve it, by demonstrating a commitment and political will.
I wish once again to express France's confidence and full support in their mission.
But Spain recognizes that peace and security are guaranteed by respect for and implementation of the resolutions of the Security Council and that it will be a time when, in the absence of a change of political attitude, because of the lack of renewed commitment to cooperation on the part of Saddam Hussein regime, the Council will be obliged to fulfil its responsibilities on behalf of international peace and security.
In this regard, the efforts of the international community and the Security Council to the Baghdad regime still represent the main factor in ensuring Iraq's cooperation with inspectors, and it is also the primary condition for finding a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) Be compatible with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
Financial securities entities;
As we have indicated, Egypt has signed or ratified all the conventions except the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which demonstrates its positive attitude towards combating terrorism.
In addition, as it is impossible to build the confidence of the day in the next day, we must remain patients to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7 Number of letters relating to entitlements
Senior Legal Officer
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia still attract a large number of people and a third should soon be opened, once in Adigrat.
In some cases, for example, in the water sector, the number of transnational corporations capable of acting around the world is very limited.
As part of these principles, the Government of Croatia has undertaken a range of social and economic reforms aimed at promoting employment growth and social welfare, such as the effective implementation of its National Strategy for the Eradication of Poverty and the fight against social exclusion and the creation of social partnerships that will give priority to human resources and ensure education and science as a central role in the pursuit of social progress.
The 218th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be held on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism was installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 2003)
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 2003)
In order to ensure the full enjoyment of their rights, the international community should largely support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account the historical, cultural and development differences among countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be guided by all international standards and norms concerning disability, not only those contained in legal instruments, but also by the resolutions of United Nations organs and agencies.
The African Union affirmed that African peoples should strive to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of positive discrimination for persons with disabilities.
In order for the divisions of the secretariat to have sufficient resources, the amount of 13 per cent from the budgets of the projects for administrative costs should be allocated to the Project Division.
The disruption in the provision of medicines, materials and spare parts for equipment — especially those for emergency services, therapy and surgery units and other services for adults and children — have made it extremely difficult for medical personnel to provide medical care.
Is it a sense?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/11.
[Original: English] [17 June 2003]
Employment has slowly progressed and unemployment has remained at a reasonable level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[Original: English/Spanish] [21 May 2003]
Limited access to energy sources and high fuel costs and resulting shortages have had a severe impact on urban transport, increasing production costs and adversely affecting social and urban activities.
Introduction
Verify that the applicant has a bank account and wishes to transfer more than US$ 10,000 or equivalent to another currency.
Article 35 (1) of the Rules stipulates:
For example, as proposed by the Secretary-General, the establishment of a multi-stakeholder group of debt restructuring mechanisms whose discussions and conclusions might be brought to the attention of intergovernmental decision-making bodies.
