It is therefore a matter of concern when legislation to combat terrorism gives law enforcement and intelligence agencies the exceptional powers of surveillance and investigation without referring to justice.
Ms. Borzi Cornacchia (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur saw her future programme of work and whether she planned to include missions.
First, there is a need to increase the representative character of the Government, particularly in the security institutions, and to intensify efforts towards national unity and reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including warlords and the Taliban — benefit from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend in contravention of the most fundamental principles of international humanitarian law, which raises critical questions that urgently need to be answered.
The Committee requests the State party to disseminate widely its concluding observations at all levels of society, including among State officials and the judiciary, and to inform the Committee in its next periodic report of all steps taken to implement these observations.
Should additional funds be made available for programmes in Africa, the programme budget resources for the region would increase, as suggested by the high assumption.
Adoption of the report on credentials
6 See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, in the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, one P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the Website Section to strengthen the language capacity of the website.
Organization chart
A new gender analysis guide will be completed in 2003.
Statistics (see responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) appear to show that the impact has been to reduce women's access to unemployment benefits.
In this context, the special needs of the least developed countries should be emphasized, as their participation in global trade remains marginal and, to date, none of them has become a member of the World Trade Organization.
Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq affects our Governments.
That is a priority for us, like in Iraq.
Further to this, my country believes that the draft resolution is an effective means of strengthening pressure on Iraq to comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
This attempt is made to ignite things.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, acting on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8, entitled “Development and transfer of technologies” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The proposed legislative reforms, inter alia, require technical assistance, in particular for the acquisition of equipment necessary for the strengthening of security at ports of entry and training of personnel, particularly in the area of the detection of fraudulent travel documents.
Noting that the Governments of some Territories have endeavoured to meet the highest standards of financial supervision,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
In considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/114 containing the guidelines for the implementation by the Sub-Commission of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other relevant decisions and practices.
The evaluation of the level of girls' education in the Horn of Africa and in East Africa has identified the causes of the problem, which have already been identified elsewhere: the extent of domestic tasks and the financial sacrifice of girls' education to the family are the main social factors that prevent them from receiving equal education with boys; the lack of textbooks should be added.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly begins as we respond to the Secretary-General's call for reflection on the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, it seems to me that a number of actions still need to be taken to ensure that future generations judge us positively.
During this period of economic hardship, the Government spent more than $5 million last year on services designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
Opinion No.
The original judgement was delivered in favour of the applicants, but the United Arab Emirates Supreme Court subsequently reversed the judgement.
The Government affirms that these persons have been arrested for conspiracy with enemy forces to overthrow the legal Government.
Mr. Yawowi Agboyibo, a lawyer, a former parliamentarian, Chairman of the Committee for Action for Renewal (CAR), a political party, was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to six months and imprisoned in the civil prison in Lomé, despite his appeal.
The Working Group, having rendered this opinion, requests the Government to adopt the necessary measures to remedy the situation, in accordance with the standards and principles set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
First and foremost, the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves must be addressed through appropriate formulas and adequate time frames to complete their respective decolonization processes.
The resolution of this outstanding issue will only serve to build confidence.
These historical initiatives help to better understand the needs and aspirations of peoples under colonial rule by giving them the necessary radiation in a highly competitive globalized economy.
Only the United Nations has a legitimate mandate under its Charter and possesses the legal and political authority and international legitimacy to deal with the greatest challenges to international peace and security.
Therefore, the United Nations must not only continue its tasks in Iraq but also extend them and provide stronger support to the Iraqi people.
UNAIDS is currently funding a post of HIV/AIDS adviser at the headquarters of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to coordinate the overall strategy and initiatives to facilitate work in missions.
Pursuant to article 5, paragraph 3, of its substantive statute, the organization, on the proposal of its general coordinator and in prior consultation with the Executive Board, carried out the de facto exclusion of Ms. Bonavita, regardless of her status in the organization, for violating the rules of procedure of the Council, disrupting the work of the Commission on Human Rights and failing to respect the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement, under Article 3, shall carry out its activities through the following organs:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the Law on the National Human Rights Commission of Mongolia.
While some members of the Working Group were of the view that that provision should not necessarily be included in insolvency law and could be left to ordinary law, it was observed that it was closely linked to recommendation 70 and should, for reasons of clarity and certainty, be included in insolvency law.
After discussion, support was expressed for the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also a party to numerous international treaties on corruption, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes of Money Laundering Related to Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Related Crimes, and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of equipping the United Nations system with a senior school was of the view that it had become necessary to improve the coherence and effectiveness of the international civil service.
(c) Whether or not it is desirable, given the nature of the activity, to grant subcontractors exclusive rights;
In both cases, the market leader's position cannot be considered automatically acquired.
However, the United Nations trade portfolio includes high-value-added products with little equivalent in the world.
Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/Financial Rules/Rev.2/Amend.2), 12 February 1980.
In 2002, the senior management board reviewed the structure and composition of the secretariat, which was not adequately staffed.
While not part of the Group's sessional documentation, these three documents may not be all available in time for the session, they may be available on the UNCTAD website, such as all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessional periods 45 20
The three options are not mutually exclusive.
However, when they are present, the Republic of Haiti is compelled to take action on them.
This system has proved its effectiveness in its most visible part, namely, the electronic presentation of exhibits in the court.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also challenged the principle of default referral of the Rome Statute as to which organ — of the Court or of the Council — is empowered to deal first with individual criminal cases involving officials or personnel present or who have passed from a State not a party to the Rome Statute with regard to acts or omissions occurring during an established or authorized United Nations operation.
It is also the reasoning followed by the Secretary-General prior to the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
For example, the International Criminal Court, of which 90 States have so far become parties, has become a reality, given the election of its 18 judges and the Prosecutor and the very forthcoming appointment of its Registrar.
Although the Eldoret Declaration was signed by all factions participating in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, most of these factions continued to combat and import or receive weapons.
The first named recipient of weapons and ammunition from the Government of Ethiopia was Ali Mahdi.
According to British Customs officials in Nairobi and London, heroin is smuggled into Somalia by vessels from South Asia to be transported to Africa and West.
Singapore
The political upheaval that marked its first year of power has completely destroyed the country in material terms.
The legislation in force in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and put in place an effective protection system to enable United Nations and associated personnel to carry out their missions in safety.
Although it had begun its work less than two years earlier, it had already achieved tangible results.
Friends of the fish consider that fisheries subsidies undermine the environment and cause depletion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
In particular, it served as a forum for developing a common language for United Nations staff on the prevention of armed conflict through interaction and exchange of experience.
The consulting actuary was also entrusted with the task of proposing alternative methods for funding future after-service health insurance liabilities.
All management service contracts between UNDP and various donors have been implemented by the Office of Project Services (UNOPS).
Table 7
Table 8 summarizes the reserve accounts for field offices and accommodation.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of the 16 indicted for a husband's culture were women.
The church is probably the most influential institution in Samoa society.
In practice, the police have laid the condition that a woman police officer be present when a victim of domestic violence or sexual abuse is considered.
The offshore Financial Centre is headed by a Legal Officer and its staff include another Legal Officer.
Adolescent pregnancy continues to be a special feature in rural areas, and there is usually concerted efforts to marry the girl as soon as possible for fear that the situation continues, which would result in the punishment of the family involved by the village council, usually the girl.
Non-governmental organizations
No effort should be spared to restart this process without delay, while at all times preserving the standard established 30 years ago and still relevant to biological weapons.
This legislation is of great importance to Armenia, as it creates an adequate legislative basis for further strengthening of the country's export control system as one of the key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance represent a particularly important issue for our time and an imperative in building a world that guarantees the development of nations in universal harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation from Belgrade to the Mission to join in the search for a solution to practical issues related to the opening of two new border crossings in the Kosovo side of the border between Serbia and Montenegro and Macedonia.
The United Kingdom therefore fully supports the “standards before status” policy.
I join in thanking Mr. Annabi for his briefing and for the information he has provided.
India will, if necessary, provide further clarification of its comments and will also participate in discussions to address the issues raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 269th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) as Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla (Cuba) and Mr. Ravan A. G. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) as Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta) as Rapporteur.
These included the continued modernization of the technical components of the system to ensure its continued presence on the Internet, including through the UNISPAL “Question of Palestine” interface on the United Nations home page under the heading “Peace and security”, and the expansion of its collection by adding new and old documents.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
But before I give them the floor, I would like to make a few introductory remarks as Japan takes the Chair of the Conference.
The Committee for Development Policy intended to review the issue at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General would address this issue in a report to be submitted shortly to the General Assembly.
She would like to know more about France's vision for the future with regard to special measures.
The report covers the period since the submission of the first report of ISAF III, as well as the final assessment of ISAF III prior to the transfer of command to ISAF IV.
Comment.
(iii) The decision of the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not subject to appeal.
(6) The idea that a unilateral act is, in principle, a single State appears to be, prima facie, clearly stated.
Mr. Raytchev (Bulgaria): Like previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the United States and British delegations for their comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
Therefore, combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought through sustainable development policies is a major global challenge.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has thus far focused on the authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 It is expected that the objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat units located at the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support to the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and cooperate fully in the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive drug control strategy based on close cooperation between the parties concerned and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between the Guatemalan authorities and the Mexican authorities were defined in the Border Security Plan between Mexico and Guatemala.
Countries in that region were studying all the implications of such a establishment.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), noting that Armenia stated that it had implemented all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, asked what was the main requirement of the Council regarding the immediate and unconditional withdrawal of the Armenian occupying forces from the territory of azeri territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I called on the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and unrestricted implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the United Nations Information and Communications Technology Task Force, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The determined commitment of the self-governing authorities in Kosovo is crucial to breaking the power of such crime, and it is through concrete results that we will judge their capacity to exercise the powers transferred to them.
If the situation was evolving towards a return to peace, UNRWA would face the demands of a transition from conflict to recovery and development, and would launch a special appeal similar to that for its Peace Implementation Programme following the signing of the Oslo Accords.
(ii) A decrease of $300,000 in requirements for maintenance of premises, owing to the non-recording of the requirements for 2002-2003;
1.79 Introduce health policy and service delivery standards on host authorities in order to optimize the use of resources and avoid duplication and priority conflicts.
Prevention and control of diseases
1.141 Increase in the computer utilization rate and automation of office automation.
Table 15 Operational and technical services: resource requirements by expenditure category
Improving the status of women in rural areas
- Retain the word “technical” after the word “support” in the first line and insert the word “and” after the word “technical” to read “technical and efficient”.
(d) To ensure that the various institutional actors take due account of the values of public service, in particular with regard to the honesty of behaviour, the sound management of resources, transparency of decision-making, evaluation, accountability and the commitment to provide services to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed by paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002);
Any initiative for indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
The canons have fallen, and we are now seeking to put Côte d'Ivoire back to work and resume our activities, as in the past, in concert with all neighbouring countries of the subregion.
This would result in a surge in accountability that could significantly improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The Export Authority is invited, prior to validating a certificate, to request the exporter to submit a statement confirming that exported rough diamonds are not conflict diamonds.
Other progress mentioned is:
(c) To review the extent to which the recommendation of the United Nations Board of Auditors that the Registrar endeavour to reduce costs by appointing resident counsel in the vicinity of the seat of the Tribunal may be followed, taking into account the international character of the Tribunal, and make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the problem of late disclosure of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, there had been delays in the peace process and the weapons collection programme, and the process of weapons destruction had abated.
It was also said that the distinction between contractual and real aspects was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the decision taken by the Committee at its first session, a pre-session working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the views of the child
(f) To devote more resources, both financial and human, to specialized education, including vocational training and assistance to families of children with disabilities;
(a) Develop a set of measures to update the implementation of the provisions of the Convention on children and parents (including initiatives to reach those who are illiterate or have not benefited from school education), civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including Shebiyya;
(d) Continuing difficulties in raising parents' awareness of their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective mechanisms for periodic review of the treatment of the child and of any other circumstances relating to the placement of the child.
It was therefore a question of how to strengthen and improve the elements of the enjoyment of human rights and its control relating to persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia sent a letter to the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, denouncing the decision as “illegal, unjust and irresponsible” and rejecting the demarcation process.
* Reissued for technical reasons.
Figure 10.
Reform of the United Nations as such should not, however, be our ultimate objective.
The most recent statistics prepared by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344) that technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the most commonly requested form of assistance.
I hope that you will now endorse the updated aide-memoire as a tool to reflect evolving protection priorities and that it will be useful for the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the protection needs and rights of civilians are reflected in the relevant Security Council resolutions and mandates.
In this regard, I would like to quote the very important resolution 1502 (2003) submitted by Mexico and adopted by the Council during the Syrian presidency of the Council in August on the protection of United Nations personnel, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict zones.
Civilian populations must not be taken hostage by warring factions to seek to deny them access to humanitarian assistance.
The Board's recommendations are verified by the secretariat of the Fund with regard to their compliance with the relevant United Nations rules and then submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken at the fourth session of the World Trade Organization Ministerial Conference on the consideration, through the Council on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, of the links between the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Stressing the importance of effective action by the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission on issues of impunity and accountability and the promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council has repeatedly stressed the importance it attaches to the successful conduct of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Giraldo (Colombia), Mr. Vassilakis (Greece), Mr. Gopinathan (India), Mr. Zarif (Islamic Republic of Iran), Mr. Haraguchi (Japan), Mr. Kazykhanov (Kazakhstan), Mr. McIvor (New Zealand), Mr. Kolby (Norway), Mr.
At the outset, I would like to emphasize three points regarding the drug situation in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for its generous and continuing role in leading the fight against narcotics.
States cannot act in isolation against this problem.
(d) Effective risk management and internal control systems; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to expedite extradition procedures and to simplify evidentiary requirements relating thereto in respect of offences to which this article applies.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, wherever and wherever the other persons concerned are located;
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that this article is not intended to require the prosecution of minor offences.
The requested State Party should consider withdrawing its request for a final judgement in cases where such a judgement cannot be obtained as the perpetrator of the offence cannot be prosecuted for death, flight or absence or in other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit adopted a guideline prepared with the assistance of the Office of Programme Funding, relating to the systematic review of country office oversight mechanisms relating to fund-raising, other resources management and donor reporting on the use of funds.
Each centre organizes three to five training courses per year, in collaboration with national authorities, various agencies and programmes of the United Nations system (including UN-Habitat, UNDP, UNEP, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank Institute and the Global Compact Office), international organizations of elected representatives (such as the Inter-Parliamentary Union, the World Association of Cities and Local Government, the Latin American Federation of Cities and Local Authorities, the World Federation of Cities and Local Authorities.
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination has been maintained as a basic principle for negotiations.
(f) The status of the programmes for the destruction of anti-personnel mines referred to in Articles 4 and 5, including details of the methods to be used for the destruction, the location of all places of destruction and standards for safety and environmental protection.”
The Internet address is http://disarmament.un.org/MineBan.nsf.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “External debt crisis and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
From September 2000 to April 2003, at least 12,737 Palestinians saw their homes demolished by Israeli military forces, which invaded the cities with the support of tanks, armoured personnel carriers and helicopters, and destroyed homes with explosives while their inhabitants were still in their homes.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore absolutely essential in this struggle.
On this last point, I will not go into details.
Madam Chairperson, I thank you for organizing this meeting, and I also thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), for his very comprehensive report and for his concrete proposals to improve the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) and the continued emphasis on the threat posed by Al-Qaida.
Lastly, she said that she would ensure that the Secretariat took into consideration the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain regarding the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of the proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have provided examples of other producers of official statistics, who develop and publish statistics in their own field of activity.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remained firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and the agreements reached at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences and called for the speedy and full implementation of the 13 practical steps agreed at the 2000 Review Conference.
ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians of the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after the cessation of active hostilities, when civilian casualties are often high.
Chairman's summary
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic advised the Secretariat that it had intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring the universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the consideration of human rights issues, as affirmed in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993,
The unfortunate Depayin incident on 30 May 2003 influenced many conclusions of the Special Rapporteur's interim report (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the emergency situation resulting from prolonged drought and the effects of long conflict.
Nepal therefore urges the High Commissioner to address this issue further.
CONTENTS (continued)
Rule 11
Article 3
When the debate is limited and a member or representative exceeds the allotted time, the President shall call him to order without delay.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Rule 87
Rule 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
Reports, formal decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention shall be distributed by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and to interested States parties and, as decided by the Committee, to the members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested recipients.
States Parties shall submit to the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on the steps they have taken to implement their commitments under this Convention, within one year of the entry into force of the Convention for the State party concerned.
In the discharge of their mandates, the rapporteurs may, with the agreement of the Committee, make the necessary visits to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of his or her functions, the Chairman remains under the authority of the Committee.
Rule 71
Systematic violence in the Mambasa-Komanda region was perpetrated during three different periods:
On 12 October, LAC soldiers entered the witness's home in Mambasa.
All those who were interviewed confirmed that there were many cases of rape of girls, some of whom were barely 10 years old.
It is on the basis of the Team's report that a new trial has been initiated against 27 suspects from the forces of the Republic of Slovenia.
Global road safety crisis
Once the designation is established, the entity is subject to a series of sanctions prescribed by the Terrorism Suppression Act.
An expert working group, including representatives from various countries and organizations in the Pacific and assisted by two editors (New Zealand and Australia), is currently drafting model provisions.
Expeditious procedure for review of eligibility for mechanisms
Their role should be clarified and their authority and responsibilities better defined.
Of the $42.8 million for operating expenses for the period ended 30 June 2002, only $28.4 million, or 66 per cent of the total, had been disbursed at the end of the financial period.
OIOS recommended that the Office of Internal Oversight Services urgently establish appropriate mechanisms to address the increased number of applications received through the Galaxy system; promote mobility by ensuring better conditions of service at the various duty stations and the streamlining of administrative procedures; ensure that the e-PAS is linked to a tangible reward system and the contribution of staff to the implementation of institutional objectives; and ensure that this function is systematically carried out in the context of organizational learning.
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors conduct an evaluation of the professional capacity and expertise required by OIOS to provide internal audit services for the administrative and investment activities of the Fund, in accordance with generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pension funds, and report on this evaluation in its next audit for the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Investigation of the misuse of an office computer
Financial institutions are required to regularly notify suspicious commercial transactions and closely monitor any irregularities.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has considered the report carefully with the assistance of its experts and has written to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments.
This offence is committed by any person who intentionally organizes or facilitates the entry into the national territory of an individual of whom he knows or has good reason to assume that he is a clandestine immigrant or intends to seek asylum.
The number of women in positions of official representatives at the national and local levels, as well as the level of women's participation, are dealt with in previous tables.
- The establishment of formal committees in institutions to assess and report on the situation of academic women.
13.3 The Government is committed to offering as wide a contributory pension scheme as possible to as many categories as possible and is aware that persons who cease to perform family responsibilities may be disadvantaged in terms of social security.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act 1996, which, inter alia, deals with restraining and protective judgements and gives the Garda broad powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The forthcoming revision of the Charter would particularly highlight the possibility of formally refusing to use information services.
Stressing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, neo-colonialism, foreign aggression, occupation and domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is essential for the full enjoyment by men and women of their rights,
Rule 12
States Parties shall accord to men and women the same rights with regard to legislation concerning the right of persons to freedom of movement and to choose their residence and domicile.
Workshops
It could also request Working Group I to cooperate closely with Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on the aspects of procurement law relating to electronic commerce.
- Request for information under section 44 (1) of the Banking Act relating to the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against United States institutions (Rundschreiben_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Committee decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly that:
While these developments have affected GDP growth in the region, the uncertainty that they have created has resulted in most of the region's scholarships, where the overall trend in 2002 has been decreasing with some occasional minor events.
Such plans include improved forecasts, the establishment of early warning systems and continuous communication between disaster-prone areas or communities and authorities.
UNESCO, ICSU and a number of affiliated organizations will encourage biodiversity conservation activities in which remote sensing and GIS will play a significant role.
Thematic discussions on the items were held, and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights concerning the prohibition of forced evictions,
Welcomes the continued use of the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement by the Representative of the Secretary-General in his dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and other relevant actors, and requests him to continue his efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on preparing its deployment inside the country.
The remuneration of the two other judges is provided in the proposed budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Trial Section 1
Elections will be three-party, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Chief Ominayak and Lake Lubicon v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX, para.
Bangladesh is largely governed by the Civil and Criminal Procedure Codes established during the British regime.
It has published and distributed pamphlets throughout the country, explaining the procedure to be followed and the need for registration of births and marriages in order to generate public awareness and active cooperation.
Response to Recommendation 460: In its development plans, the Government has followed a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the evolving nature of requests for assistance and the increasing need for certain types of specialized medium-term assistance to support and build the capacity already available to the requesting Government, in particular the capacity of national electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age for marriage was the same for men and women and whether it was at least 18 years old.
UNDP intends to provide greater support to the national reconciliation process, the restoration of social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of his report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257); moreover, stressed that globalization did not take due account of the human element, the interdependence of economies did not take into account the right to employment.
His country continued its efforts to improve cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/...
At the close of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of the 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration provided for in article 14, paragraph 1, of that instrument.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 9 of the Convention
However, the periodic report refers in particular to measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts where Greek and Macedonian minorities are traditionally concentrated.
They claim that Denmark has violated article 2, paragraph 1 (d), and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant claims, in support of this assertion, that according to a decision of the High Court of the Eastern Region of 5 February 1999, an incident of racial discrimination does not in itself constitute a violation of the honour and reputation of a person within the meaning of article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“Dear Mr. Chairman,
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno, Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and to Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted in the context of the proposed programme budget in the future.
A general and succinct description of the activity will be provided in section B.3.1, with information on, for example, the effects of GHGs and the type and extent of the technology used (e.g., installed capacity, production).
Environmental, economic and sociocultural impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica had become a sponsor of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above) could significantly address this problem.
Developing countries must be provided with the means to implement, in the form of new and additional financial resources, technology transfer on concessional terms and capacity-building.
The third World Water Forum, held in Japan, developed an action plan to identify a number of projects worldwide and to establish a web site network to accelerate water activities.
(The annex to the present document contains a breakdown of expenditures for these activities.
24.61 The requirements of $2,995,200 (increase: $465,700) relate to: (a) the continuation of 10 posts (4 Professional posts, 6 General Service (Other level) posts); (b) the delayed impact of the establishment of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) in the biennium 2002-2003; and (c) non-post requirements for the functioning of the Office of the High Commissioner.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system and its unique capacity and practical experience in coordinating assistance in conflict and post-conflict situations, inter alia, in the protection and observance of human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $458,000
Office of Internal Oversight Services
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, the final recommendations without a vote.
Article 103 provides that elections shall be held by secret ballot, unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of an election to a post subject to only one candidate.
(ii) One representative from an Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study and mitigate the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to it at its fifty-eighth session a report on the status and implementation of the Agreement for the Implementation of the Provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982 relating to the Conservation and Management of Straddling Fish Stocks and Highly Migratory Fish Stocks, and related instruments, and on the implications of the Agreement for its entry into force.
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under the items entitled “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider this question biennially from its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects3
World Solidarity Fund
Promotion of youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of further progress in the work of the United Nations system in favour of children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake a comprehensive assessment of the scope and effectiveness of the measures taken by the United Nations system, including recommendations to strengthen, mainstream, integrate and continue those activities, and to submit its findings to the Assembly at its fifty-seventh session.
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility for the results and relevance of the General Assembly and other organs of the United Nations lies with Member States, and no reform can remedy this situation, as long as those in a position to decide seem determined to hinder the work that we are all supposed to imitate.
The Millennium Declaration, as well as the Monterrey conferences on financing for development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development, have aroused great hope in the international community, particularly in developing countries, to see finally a stable, just and inclusive socio-economic order.
That goal can be achieved only through a multilateral and comprehensive approach and through the development of transparent strategies that would enable us to free the world of nuclear weapons.
- Sports competitions in various types of national sports, support to schools, sections and sports circles for children and young people and acquisition of sports materials.
The outreach programme for Latin America and the Caribbean, which responds to the needs of particularly threatened poor communities, continued to focus on developing innovative information and education tools and forging partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy secretariat as Secretary.
Barriers that restrict market access, including price increases and inflation, restrict exports from developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova for a period of three years, beginning on 1 January 2001.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of laws, regulations and/or procedures, which in your country allows for the control of transfers of such funds or assets to identified persons and entities, including:
It is also necessary for the Council to strengthen the political framework of the peace process — in word, restore momentum to this peace process, which has, of course, progressed, as I said at the moment, but needs to be put on track.
We believe that what is important to someone also becomes urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of an Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, in which Brazil participates.
It will be recalled that the meeting of the Security Council of 22 October 2002, devoted to strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region in the maintenance of peace and security, culminated in the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy Executive Director United Nations Children's Fund
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “the Council has placed on Iraq the burden of fulfilling its obligations and disarming itself, not on the inspectors, to find what Iraq has tried to conceal for so long.
It is normal that there is a wealth of information related to the organization and administration of these sites and that has no connection with the mandate of the inspection teams or with weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The uneven situation with regard to potential counterparts, given the lack of skills inherited by Timorese society, is another constraint.
The majority of East Timorese continue to engage in subsistence farming with extremely rudimentary means of production.
Even as our bilateral relations flourish at all levels, we urge the international community and the United Nations to support this process.
First, many comments were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Court of Appeal should therefore be sworn in later this week.
(b) The project database is divided into two sections: United Nations projects and projects carried out by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; it contains project descriptions and funding needs;
(e) 1.17 “Performing party” means a person other than the carrier that performs materially [or undertakes to perform] [or does not perform all or part of] any of the carrier's obligations under a contract of carriage for the purpose of transport, handling, custody or storage of the goods, to the extent that it acts, directly or indirectly, under the carrier's request or under the supervision or control, independently of the carrier.
The order of definitions has been modified in accordance with that suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of adding a paragraph 1 bis to Variant C, which would read “1 bis.
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is implemented by more than one third of Member States, including some high-income countries, in order to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of contaminated needles.
Most of the police information systems that have registries in accordance with the Schengen Convention function as a national database accessible by the Internet and are either fully operational or in the testing phase.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces together.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a grant agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist those infected and affected.
Like most of the countries in the region, Zimbabwe is largely dependent on donor support for its HIV/AIDS programmes, but this support has declined since 1999.
Accordingly, the President of the Republic has promulgated a law that defines the responsibility of the Chilean State for the prevention of AIDS and establishes the objective of promoting prevention and non-discrimination of persons living with the disease.
In recent years, Venezuela has benefited from the development of cooperation with UNIDO in areas such as mercury pollution control, agro-industries and timber industry, investment promotion, exports and technology.
The concrete implementation of projects under this comprehensive framework calls for a determined effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that these financial implications of €447,836 be included in the programme budget for 2004 under Major Programme 4, Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to ensure that any person brought before a court or court within their jurisdiction has the right to be present in his or her trial and to defend himself or to have the assistance of his or her choosing;
In 2001, a Ministry of Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, was established.
Given the contribution of women in the economic and social sectors, policies should be adopted as soon as possible to address the social, economic and cultural problems they face.
The International Organization for Migration (IOM) has made the fight against trafficking one of its priorities and cooperates with various United Nations bodies and agencies in this regard.
Pakistan welcomed the progress already made in that regard and called for the implementation, in that regard, of the procedures relating to the fundamental standards of radiation protection of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in the context of those principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) said that he was disappointed by the outcome of the recent World Trade Organization (WTO) Ministerial Conference held in Cancun, and regretted the lack of agreement on tariff cuts and agricultural subsidies, which had resulted in US$ 500 billion of income for rich and poor countries and had contributed to the poverty of some 144 million people by the year 2015.
If nothing is done to address it, the injustice of economic globalization will reverse the problems of the third world over the first, and poverty, terrorism and disease will also become globalized.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya had proposed to overcome the problems that impeded its development, both in urban and rural areas and in the desert, but its task was complicated by the presence of mines on its territory.
The plight of the Aral Sea is an example of the problems that arise.
Mr. Beeser (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly for the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action was a milestone towards the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hoped that international protection of the rights of migrant workers, in particular migrant workers, who were most vulnerable to discrimination would be ensured.
In order to provide an equitable and rational means of knowing what can reasonably be presumed with respect to a description of the goods provided by the shipper, the instrument should be amended as proposed in paragraphs 153 and 154 of the commentary.
They often rely on the assistance of relevant services from other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence allowance for activities outside the Organization
(Cancelled)
Rule 207.18
(iv) Where the educational institution is too remote for daily travel, from the area in which the staff member is present and, in the opinion of the Secretary-General, no such education shall be available to the child, the amount of the allowance shall be calculated at the same rates as those specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
His delegation could not support such a proposal to consolidate the accounts of peacekeeping operations, which was incompatible with the existing Financial Regulations and Rules and could reduce the oversight that the General Assembly could exercise on each mission.
She requested the Secretariat to indicate what it had done to recruit local General Service posts from the Force in accordance with the relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO participated in a total of 66 mangroves in 35 countries.
Group 1
(d) It is important to review the implementation of past projects (outcome, possible follow-up, etc.) and to disseminate lessons learned.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraphs 26 and 27 above, the amount of 20,051,150 dollars, comprising:
During the reporting period, a new Government was established in Afghanistan, with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these obstacles is the case of all and a much more active engagement by the international community is expected.
This expansion of the programme of work makes it difficult to coordinate with parallel initiatives of various organizations in areas such as electronic commerce, dispute settlement, insolvency, transport law, security rights and private financing infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supports the continuation of work on the two draft anti-terrorism conventions, which should be completed soon.
The following information is provided on the roster:
Monitoring the implementation of that resolution must be carried out in a climate of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which was due in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) To adopt measures to improve the material conditions of detention in prisons and to avoid both violence between prison inmates and the use of violence against detainees by prison personnel.
2.4 At the same time, the Ljubo Radovic police officer travelled to Bozova Glavic neighbourhood to tell his Roma inhabitants that they needed to leave immediately.
Positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to provide reparation and compensation to the victims of an act within the meaning of that provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that at no time of the proceedings the complainant has given details of the alleged torture.
He claims that his voluntary return to Sri Lanka would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has ascertained, as it is required to do under article 22, paragraph 5 (a), of the Convention, that the same matter has not been and is not being examined under another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
2.2 Upon his arrest, the Spanish authorities first requested his extradition, but the request was subsequently withdrawn because of an error on the person.
(b) The contested statement must be an essential element of the prosecution against the author of the communication;
5.4 With regard to the evidence that Mr. Azurmendi has made his statements under torture, the complainant refers to a report of the CPT concerning the specific period in which the contentious statements took place and that:
The complainant's grandfather is the mother of Abdullah Öcalan.
1.3 By note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its observations concerning the admissibility and merits of the complaint; it also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures, in accordance with rule 108, paragraph 7, of its rules of procedure.
In granting Spain's extradition, the Federal Office of Justice had accepted de facto evidence obtained from torture.
b No further clarification is given regarding these problems.
a Numbers of responding countries: 65.
In the meantime, it would be unfortunate that too much can be done in this area because there is a risk that inconsistencies and inconsistencies with the various regimes of private international law could be created.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
The framework for maintaining peace and resolving the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, would unfortunately justify this change of attitude.
Observer status for the East African Community in the General Assembly (A/58/232 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division works closely with UNDP in the following areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, compliance with agreed definitions and standards and data needs.
The first research has already produced strong results and has resulted in specific proposals for research and development.
i.
Stresses the essential role that political leaders and political parties can and should play in strengthening democracy by combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2003/L.11/Add.4
Relevance means the extent to which an activity complies with national objectives or is part of these objectives.
They will therefore have the most to gain if the objectives are achieved, but they will be the most penalized if their interests are not taken into account at the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Board Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II addresses the ongoing political and legislative processes and new institutional arrangements in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint venture formed by the South Pacific Mining Corporation (SPS), controlled by Kanaks, and the Canadian company Falconbridge to construct a smelter in the North Province to deal with nickel from the Koniambo Mountains.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand fell by 34 per cent and the number from Japan by 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea said, inter alia, that if there was a good will on the part of all concerned, the consideration of the issues of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should make progress.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would take about four weeks from the date on which a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by aerial bombardments in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action taken
In particular, it provided a detailed analytical commentary to the draft, which was published as a working document of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/SDTE/TLB/4).
The estimated requirements for civilian personnel for the 2003/04 period, covering 256 international staff, 282 national staff and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amount to $28,314,900, reflecting a decrease of $4,938,300 (14.9 per cent) over the apportionment for the 2002/03 period.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing under the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance of the participation of key diamond producing, selling or working countries in the Kimberley Process self-regulatory system,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
In the final analysis, the new proposals, although seemingly successful, appear not only in practice in view of the required level of coordination, the broad range of actors that would necessarily be involved and the long cycle of reporting, but may result not only in simplification of processes but in their complication by adding a new level of work, thus increasing the task of recipient countries and other actors.
It cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the organs, sharing its comments and observations on the request of various United Nations agencies, organizing conferences and seminars, publishing books and brochures on selected issues considered by the United Nations system and conducting persuasive action.
Table 1 provides a comparison of the estimates for the biennium 2004-2005 (at 2004-2005 rates), the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 57/293 of 20 December 2002 and the actual expenditures and income for the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report be produced, on an experimental basis, in time for submission to the General Assembly during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
One D-2 post, Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.)
Travel requirements for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,170,300 (before recosting), an increase of $74,800 over the appropriation for 2002-2003.
Chapter 26 Palestine refugees
In the future, it should be explained, either in the programme documents or in the supplementary guidance, the post distribution between Headquarters and regional offices and between the regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The procurement of firearms and explosives carried out in the informal market must be denounced by the prosecutor, the chief of violation of the Federal Firearms and Explosives Act, and shall be punishable by imprisonment and fine, as well as by the confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Conspiracy
It also notes with appreciation the detailed written replies submitted by the State party to its list of issues (E/C.12/Q/ICE/2).
(l) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic in small arms and collecting them (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and the measures to enhance international cooperation in countering the world drug problem, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 12.
During both sessions, additional information was requested on UNCITRAL seminars.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author claims that his son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, because on the day of his arrest and on other occasions prior to his trial he was subjected to serious ill-treatment and inhumane conditions in which he is detained.
3.1 The author claims that the persistence of the Czech authorities, including the Czech Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that Act No. 143/1947 is a special discriminatory law and that it is as null and void, constitutes an arbitrary, discriminatory and unconstitutional violation of the author's right to enjoy in any study of his heritage and property, including his right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author further claims that there has been a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, in that a violation of article 14, paragraphs 1 and 3, which has the effect of depriving an accused of guarantees of a fair trial is also a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 With regard to the question of exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the State party's arguments that initially claimed that the author's dispute was not within the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second time that under the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, an appeal could now be lodged with the courts.
The State party submits that the author's allegations are contradictory.
The Committee's reasoning in that decision was based on an interpretation of the Covenant that article 6, paragraph 1, was read together with article 6, paragraph 2, which did not prohibit the imposition of capital punishment for the most serious crimes.
On the same day, the author's counsel also filed an application for appeal in cassation, which was rejected by the President of the Criminal Chamber of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Consequently, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and this part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author claims that his rights were violated as he was arrested and charged without any evidence of his involvement in criminal activity and that he was brutalized by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his statement of appeal, the author had requested a review of the evaluation of the evidence that he considered to have suffered from error.
With regard to the applicability of the statute of limitations, with regard to both his application to the Constitutional Court and the criminal procedure involved, the author states that in both cases it was impossible under the anti-constitutional military regime in place at the time to prosecute the torturers of political dissidents within the prescribed time limits.
Since the State party has not falsely entered this complaint, and has not provided any other relevant information on the manner in which capital punishment is carried out, due weight must be given to the author's allegation.
4.16 Secondly, the State party submits that the author has failed to show how the action of the public authorities constituted interference with his family life.
6.2 With regard to the excessive length of the period prior to the trial, the Committee observes that the dates for determining, in the case under consideration, the length of the delay occurred as the date of the author's arrest and trial and not the dates given by the author, namely the date of the alleged crime, the date of the murder and the date of the commencement of the trial.
It is not required to use only the material available to the original proceedings and may take into account the elements that were not known when the original decision was made.
It also considers that the State party has erred in asserting that it has not been entitled to a pension under article 13 of the Veterans' Benefits Act, and argues that none of the two bodies dealing with its application has raised doubts about its ability to meet the criteria set out in the various paragraphs of article 13.
5.2 With regard to the Committee's temporal jurisdiction, the author considers that he and his family are victims of a continuous violation of article 7 as they still do not know where the person is in question.
Witnesses:
It submits that Peruvian judges could have ruled the unconstitutionality of this text if they had been seized of a complaint alleging that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, this time limit does not begin on the basis of the notice of the stay, but on the basis of the last related notice.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance for the voluntary return of detainees to those areas.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed consideration of the application.
The authors invoke the decision of HEOC to the extent that it includes an assessment of the facts of the case, which reinforces their argument that the Commissioner took a wrong decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to cancel the decisions of the Qualifications Committees and to reintegrate them into the police.
The authors have seized justice in the cases of Tamnes, Aurunden 1997 and Korssjell and the authors' claims for expropriation in the last two cases are pending, but they have not made an application for expropriation in the first of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner were relayed by the Western Fjords District Court, which, in reference to the Supreme Court ruling in the Valdimar case, found that article 7, paragraph 2, of the Fisheries Management Act was contrary to article 65 (right to equality) and article 75 (freedom of employment) of the Constitution.
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, pointed out that such prohibitions “are fully compatible with the right to freedom of expression under article 19, the exercise of which entails special responsibilities and duties”.
He immediately informed the judge that he intended to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that, mutatis mutandis, the same principle should be applied in the particular case.
3.3 The author claims that he has exhausted domestic remedies and that the case has not been submitted to another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
In addition, the Council of State emphasizes that a dual remedy may be available to the Permanent Prosecutor or to the Judicial College at first instance, and then to the Council of State on appeal, and that these bodies may order an investigation.
Thus, by order of the Minister of the Interior of 16 March 2001, the author was recognized on 13 months of military service under the age of promotion at the sixth step of the corps of the main attachés of prefecture.
In addition, the amount that the State was sentenced to pay for procedural expenses was paid.
Canada, chapter XII, annual report A/48/40/ Vol. II.
6 See case Caballero Delgado and Santana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (Annual report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/Ser.L/V.33 Doc.4); id.
The State party refers to similar observations made by the State party in Pager v. Austria (Communication No. 415/1990), Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
France), decision of 3 April 1989.
Meetings
While some incumbents have actively opposed new appointments, the Government's will is gradually needed.
Security is therefore of crucial importance, whether the safety of electoral personnel or the freedom to participate freely in the elections.
However, the Judicial Reform Commission has made progress in the areas of infrastructure rehabilitation and training.
The situation of women remains unsatisfactory.
Recalls Economic and Social Council decision 2001/36 of 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, indigenous peoples' organizations, the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues and all mechanisms, procedures and programmes relating to indigenous issues within the United Nations system, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, to submit as soon as possible, and in any event to the Council at its substantive session of 2003,
The proposed analysis identifies who can legitimately take a place at the negotiating table and which are the items to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of an interregional workshop to support the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in small island developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
To that end, two basic conditions must be met, namely, the existence of a vacant post to which no Azerbaijani citizen has the requisite vocational training or skills and the inability of the placement services to find a suitable candidate from local job seekers in accordance with the criteria established by the employer.
Rest and lunch breaks are not counted as working hours.
In 1997, amendments and additions were made to the 1992 Social Welfare Act, which became the Prevention of Disability and Rehabilitation and Social Protection of Disabled Persons Act.
The same article also provides that children who cannot be integrated into traditional pre-school institutions because of their physical or mental disabilities are accommodated in specialized pre-school institutions.
The results of the eight finalists have been communicated to WIPO to participate in the international competitive competition involving students in the course of the 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) The national budget;
(d) Agriculture;
That is to say, the challenge of good governance is at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play an essential role in the area of weapons proliferation.
This could lead to a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
This booklet contains guidelines and information on the various possible options once compulsory education has been completed.
The implementation of a feminist study programme at the University of Iceland is one of the Centre's priorities for the coming years.
The committee published a programme for a policy of equal rights for the Icelandic University for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall establish the salaries and allowances of the officials of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, in accordance with the standards of the United Nations common system.
b “In Ghana, Hope Arrives via Satellite”, International Herald Tribune, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with IMF
(c) To continue to include in the agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes among States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee reiterates its recommendation that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that adopted children cannot know the identity of their natural parents, even by their majority and even if they are found to be in their best interests.
(a) The enactment of new legislation and the adoption of a number of national strategies and programmes, including: Decision No. 347/2002 on national programmes in the field of child protection, concerning street children and children in institutions; Law No. 678/2001 on trafficking in persons; Act No. 197/2000 on violence within the family and against children; and the National Health Programme for Children;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, the ILO Minimum Age Convention (No. 138) and the ILO Convention (No. 182) concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour, ratified by the State party:
(a) To undertake information campaigns at all levels and in all regions, with a view to eliminating harmful attitudes towards Roma throughout society, in particular among authorities such as the police and professionals providing health, education and social services;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their reports regularly and in a timely manner.
(b) Develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as the monitoring and collection of data on racist motivated acts;
(d) To ensure that the Family Council has sufficient resources to carry out its mandate.
At the national level, there is growing recognition of the need to consider development goals and policies from a human rights perspective” (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical measures, to ensure progressively, through all means, in particular through the adoption of legislative measures, the full realization of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms the constitutional right of private sector workers and public enterprises to establish, without prior authorization, such organizations as they deem appropriate.
This period is considered to be actually working for the purpose of paying the salary, irrespective of the agreed remuneration system.
Information on the current standard of living of the population
Households who, while paying their full income to meet their food needs, are considered to be indigenceless.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of built housing units reached 1,076,843, an annual average of 107,684.
As a percentage of the population and housing stock, these figures accounted for less than 4 per cent of the country's population and only 3 per cent of the housing stock.
State housing programmes
With regard to health-related activities, some researchers believe that more than half of the decline in infant mortality is associated with the expansion and coverage of health services.
However, there are still very restrictive judicial provisions and procedures for the media and journalists.
FIM: Mining Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Act No. 19070 of 1996.
However, it is important that the facts relating to violent crimes perpetrated against women be made public in a dignified manner and in accordance with the privacy of the victim.
The conclusions of these important meetings remain valid and must be implemented urgently.
Japan hopes that all States will do their utmost to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and draw on the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete measures at the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms during the period from the Second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If none of the three options obtains a majority of votes, the least votes will be eliminated and a further referendum will be held to allow voters to make a choice between the remaining two options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, shall decide which to vote.
• Women with higher educational levels want fewer children.
Kunst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure for the International Meeting to Review the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
xi.
In their final communiqué, the Tenth Islamic Summit Conference, held in Malaysia last month, invited the Security Council to approve the road map for the establishment of peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for its implementation within the specified time frames.
It is important to outline the three main pillars of this objective here, as they demonstrate our determination to keep this theme in the long term.
However, according to the Israeli representative's assertions, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption by the Palestinians.
Armenia has continued to implement, for almost 10 years now, its policy of blockade of the Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan of Nakhchivan, inflicting enormous suffering on the civilian population of that part of the country.
Likewise, it is imperative that the Government and civil society work together to encourage the growth and development of our children.
Last year, the States Members of the United Nations adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have free access to compulsory health care and education.
At the same time, it managed to reduce expenditures through energy-saving measures.
Welcomes the adoption of the Convention for the Protection of Intangible Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003;
“The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission to Guinea-Bissau, to be carried out by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, to be the first part of a comprehensive mission to West Africa, and looks forward to its conclusions and recommendations.
The insolvency law of the United Nations is referred to in chapter V (Insolvency Law)* Twenty-eighth session New York, 24-28 February 2003 as the draft legislative guide on insolvency law, Note by the Secretariat (chap. I and II of the first part of the Guide may be issued as document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2); the second part of the Guide is contained in documents A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.1.
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
However, an informal translation of article 3 of the Act can be provided, which outlines national measures for the implementation of international sanctions.
Annex
As a result, no person affected by such a measure may be granted entry visas to the consulates of Lebanon or the Public Security Service.
Subsequently, the Dominican Republic, Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Colombia, Ecuador, El Salvador, Estonia, Estonia, Fiji, Georgia, Ghana, Guatemala, Honduras, Iceland, the Marshall Islands, India, Kazakhstan, Kenya, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, joined the sponsors.
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To consider the question of the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider reviewing and, where appropriate, revising their immigration policies with a view to eliminating all unfair practices against migrants and members of their families and to provide specialized training to officials involved in policy development, law enforcement, immigration and other services, in particular with the assistance of non-governmental organizations and civil society, stressing the importance of creating an effective environment for the promotion of tolerance;
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and that it is essential to guarantee to persons with disabilities the full enjoyment of those rights and freedoms without discrimination of any kind,
Thus, not only the occupying Power has decided to physically reoccupy areas that have been placed under full Palestinian control under the agreements reached, but it seems that it has now decided to take control of civil affairs in those areas.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18, in which the Governing Council of UN-Habitat approved the establishment of the Special Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian People and the Technical Cooperation Trust Fund with a budget of $5 million for an initial period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a generalized system of preferences, agreed at the second session of the Conference in 1968, successfully reflects an innovative approach to the issue of developing countries' access to markets in industrialized countries.
International disciplines and commitments — essential for the establishment of a rule-based international economic regime — are beginning to extend to areas that, in the past, fall within the purview of national Governments.
Special and differential treatment can be useful in addressing economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing and developed countries.
What should be the role of the Government?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
There will be a meeting of the Joint Coordination Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The Convention was adopted during the plenary meeting of the General Assembly on 31 October 2003 at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken special measures, although not limited to cases of kidnapping, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims appearing before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane as deputy to the Special Representative in Asmara.
After completing its work that lasted 50 minutes, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at http://www.itu.int/wsis/documents.
We have still not, at present, the answers we need to address key questions on Iraq's past production of chemical and biological weapons, on what remains its current capabilities and on its possible programmes.
Population density and distribution have influenced emissions from transport and habitat.
Some provide for a net increase in emissions from this sector despite the measures implemented, adopted and envisaged.
(c) Asile and refuge several delegations stressed the need to link the obligation not to grant asylum or refuge to persons suspected of involvement in an enforced disappearance, with the obligation not to return such persons to a State where they may be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious human rights violations.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures might, however, be necessary because, in their deliberations, the specialized intergovernmental bodies generally focus on substantive issues and do not consider the role of the Secretariat, that is, the activities envisaged in the programme of work.
(f) Improved reporting format and timing;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
This is therefore particularly timely to speak of the non-permanent members of the Security Council, who together with the permanent members uphold the principles of the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
A discussion will now begin to revise the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on strengthening legal and administrative measures and on mobilizing international cooperation and coordination to that end, my delegation, without wishing to divert attention from that effort, would like to emphasize other aspects that could be considered, which are also mentioned in the report, in particular in South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to know and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and associated individuals and entities could unify disparate groups of different ethnic and national backgrounds, using their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations3 and the funds and programmes4 for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations;2
31.35 The main objective of the High-level Committee on Management is to guide the activities of the United Nations system in the area of administrative and management issues of concern to the system as a whole, and to promote inter-agency cooperation and coordination on these issues on behalf of CEB.
My question is: What can we expect with regard to new contributions; because, as previous speakers have said, this process will be long, and will require significant funding, including special coordination and cooperation from other countries with the lead country.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braun, for their briefings, which have resulted in so many of the pertinent questions on Afghanistan, although some of those questions have been answered more or less.
UNMIK has developed a standard reporting procedure for monthly reporting to managers of discrepancies and intends to consider options to improve the updating of regional inventories.
(b) The number of staff at Headquarters and in missions should be sufficient to cope with the volume of air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces (UNPF)d
Statement XI (concluded)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to promote the use of identification systems, including the application of the Object-ID standard, and to encourage the establishment of links between these systems and existing databases, including that of the International Criminal Police Organization — Interpol, to enable the electronic transmission of information with a view to reducing trafficking in cultural property, and encourages the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, Scientific and Cultural Organization to continue to promote such efforts;
The political process must therefore be broad and open enough to ensure that all Afghans who wish to participate in good faith in political life can do so and are not left on the road, which, increasingly, would encourage them to join the ranks of those who actively oppose the peace process.
I would now like to offer a clearer description of the situation by providing the Council with the latest information on specific events that have taken place in Afghanistan since last December's briefing.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep conviction that security is one and indivisible must benefit all.
It could be so if we were to free from old reflexes and renounce nuclear doctrine.
Given the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution will enjoy the widest possible support from States parties and States not parties to the Convention.
In that connection, at a ministerial meeting of the Quartet, held in New York on 26 September, the Foreign Minister of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, introduced the initiative to adopt a special resolution of the Security Council that supports the road map.
The President: Is there any other delegation that wishes to speak at this stage?
Moreover, no consensus has yet been reached on issues such as the elimination of unilateral measures (e.g. export bans imposed by producing countries and boycotts in consumer countries), since they are incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, a number of major timber companies are implementing environmental management systems designed to ensure that wood is from environmentally safe sources and society.
This is true in concession management, forest plantation development and downstream processing of forest products.
(i) Urge countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve the timely collection and dissemination of information on the production, consumption, trade and prices of wood and non-wood forest products in order to promote market transparency.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former law, composed essentially of treaties imposed, should be repealed in their entirety and replaced by more just and equitable legislation, which would protect the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years, men are more likely than women to work because custom means that girls remain at home later than boys begin work early.
The rights and obligations of marriage are the same for concubines; witnesses can attest that a couple has been living in the same roof for at least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501)]
In its resolution 42/11, the Assembly requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to use the expertise and experience gained in the implementation of its global technical assistance programmes, as well as information gathered in the context of various relevant questionnaires.
Item 8 Other business and development issues:
UNCTAD collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa in the preparations for the Cancún Conference by participating in the High-level African Trade Negotiators Preparatory Meeting for the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference and the African Union Trade Ministers Meeting in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Cancún Conference.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries in their participation in the Doha work programme in the field of trade and environment continue in close cooperation and coordination with the secretariats of WTO, UNEP and the United Nations regional commissions, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as with civil society.
He also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the Kennedy School of Government of Harvard University in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on 23 and 24 September 2002, in which he presented the work of the Commission on ICT development indices.
We also recognize that globalization, and concretely the increase in international trade, brings hope for growth for our peoples.
Last year, in addressing the General Assembly, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and pledged to report on progress.
In addition, women participate in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women, which are part of a coordinated and integrated system of development activities that include mother-to-child care; this is a consolidation of equality between men and women in a society that believes in family unity, puts high prices for gender equality and respects the rights of the family.
Developing countries face development challenges today, which can be addressed only through concerted international efforts and support to ensure the necessary political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
I would like to address two specific criminal justice issues:
The United Nations must therefore continue to contribute to the process of restoring peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has endeavoured to implement with greater coherence the principles it proclaims.
Significant developments in the global balance of global forces and objectives have occurred since the establishment of the United Nations 58 years ago.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe in Thessaloniki, the European Union will continue to support the efforts of the Secretary-General to achieve a comprehensive, just, viable and practical solution to the Cyprus problem, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each committee shall elect its Chairman from among its members.
Those arrested or detained must be informed of the reasons for their arrest or detention and of their right to be assisted by a lawyer.
For example, the Committee's last publication was the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21st meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered section 28, Public information, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and other relevant human rights instruments,
Also deplores the fact that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that the officials or former officials or personnel of a contributing State that is not a party to the Rome Statute shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of that State for any allegations of acts or omissions arising from or outside the multinational force or the United Nations Stabilization Force in Liberia;
Also requests the working group to consider the information presented and to share its comments and recommendations with transnational corporations, other business enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other relevant information sources;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, sponsored by Mr. Chen Shiqiu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Mbonu, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Dominicans de Justice and Peace
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could join in sharing information on user needs and as a broader objective of integrating GNSS and its supplements into basic infrastructure in developing countries.
Governments do not measure the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and disease control.
Outcome
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is preparing a synthesis document, to which members of the Partnership contribute, to assess the relationship between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, subparagraph (f), provides that “any person arrested or detained shall be formally indicted and brought before the competent court within 48 hours” and “no pre-trial detention shall be held”.
(f) Support the Peace and Security Council for the implementation of humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Protocol on the Establishment of the Peace and Security Council of the African Union;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is an area that could greatly benefit from education and awareness-raising programmes.
Sources indicated that in a few areas the principle of accountability was relatively well applied, but that this was largely due to the personalities concerned.
Decides to include the following items in the agenda of the third session of the Committee for the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intended to review the initiative, as well as the issue of debt sustainability, at its fall meeting.
The meeting will provide an opportunity for policy makers to address issues related to development cooperation.
Mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Office of Legal Affairs made several statements in explanation of the Council's rules of procedure.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
Thus, we are in a phase of launching our political tools, particularly those related to the criteria of flexibility.
Staff in recruitment will require training beyond the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report gives us an overview of the work of the Council over the past year in its area of responsibility, namely, the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) To assist in maximizing the relevance of the results of the work of the Assembly and the Council and to ensure the establishment of arrangements to monitor their effective implementation, including by linking the outcomes of the high-level segment of the Council to the deliberations of the General Assembly;
10.16 Expected accomplishments would include: (a) the enrichment of the knowledge base, know-how and management tools of the Government and relevant institutions, with a view to better equipping them with the implementation of an environmental policy; (b) the development of innovative technical cooperation agreements for the installation and use of appropriate and environmentally sound technologies; and (c) the implementation by Governments of sound institutional arrangements for responding to environmental emergencies.
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary prevention of the use of narcotic drugs among youth; the diversification of treatment and rehabilitation services for drug users; policy and strategy development; training and capacity-building; and the identification and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 Conservation and sustainable management of forest ecosystems in Central Africa
Strategy
(d) Promote the use of information and communication technologies and space technology applications, including by facilitating local adaptation or transfer of best practices.
Performance indicators would include: (a) the number of members and associate members who have received assistance from ESCAP and new initiatives to improve their ICT policies and institutional frameworks; (b) the number of modernized national ICT training centres and the number of technical cooperation activities among developing countries implemented with the assistance of ESCAP; and (c) the establishment of a regional cooperation mechanism on space applications.
Strategy
The achievement of the objectives will be determined by more rapid assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; more timely and coordinated response to disaster-affected countries; increased participation in disaster management training courses; increased cooperation in the field and in the region; and increased donor response to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation to reduce the impact of the El Niño phenomenon
Programme 26 Least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and victory (Seoul, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Olamendi (Mexico) said that, in three years of exercise of power, the Government of Mr. Vicente Fox had laid the foundation for a full exercise of human rights.
In that connection, his delegation endorsed the recommendation of the Acting High Commissioner that efforts should be made to create a culture of tolerance and respect for others and not of violence.
New laws were needed, but the most important challenge was not the adoption of laws but their practical implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the Fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their reduced mobility can prevent them from leaving even when water is contaminated, the land is mined and the supply sources are cut off.
Such services should be developed and a politically viable social contract formulated.
The declaration is also aimed at strengthening cooperation for better implementation of the laws, the provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and the special recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (FATF).
Ms. Knowles (Australia) said that about a year ago, 88 Australians had died and 202 had been injured as a result of the Bali terrorist attack.
Yet, in exceptional cases where the organizations can be established, the relevant decisions must be binding and the establishment of the new institution derives from the functions of the organization that has established it.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (on Second Committee matters)
BRF has worked on specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in the financial system of Fiji.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its response capacity from year to year.
The statement is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve or rehabilitate encumbered assets, such as asset repairers, hold a security right in the encumbered assets, which generally takes precedence over security rights in the same assets as security of other receivables.
Universities and other non-lethal equipment
The terms of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP and the corresponding project document relating to the Interim Authority should be expanded as necessary (capacity and resources);
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies in supporting the economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsor of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
Among men, the decline is even greater, as the proportion increased from 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, within the manufacturing sector itself, there has been a new distribution of production, which has deserted the manufacturing of footwear and clothes for electronics, engineering and health-related productions.
Family therapy is offered to families in which the problem is related to drug abuse or play.
An important initiative was the removal of illegal ships from Armière, the joint operation with the Land Department.
Land shall be returned to the owners or their heirs as if acquired by the State has never taken place, provided that the owners place the land on the cadastre within three months of restitution.
In fact, the situation was considered unjust vis-à-vis Maltese donors, and amendments made in 1995 to the Housing Tenancies Ordinance of 1944, the Housing Awards Ordinance of 1959 and the Regulation of Rental of Urban Property of 1931 do not apply to the lease lease agreement entered into on 1 June 1995 or subsequent to that date.
This programme includes a number of integrated programmes, including: pre-design services (e.g. frequent false counselling service, genetic counselling service), pre-natal consultation, difficult birth service, routine baby care, free vaccinations, school medicine, child abuse centre and child development evaluation service.
The municipal councils are revamping and moving district clinics, while NGOs are particularly concerned to organize special services for disadvantaged groups in the community such as persons with disabilities and drug users.
The Catholic Church provides its own school buildings and facilities, but is also responsible for maintaining and funding the possible expansion of its institutions.
Candidates for university studies must have successfully undergone the examination of the baccalaureate, which merely gives access to university and must also meet the special conditions for admission to certain studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD encompasses virtually all aspects of society's socio-economic and political structures, including development planning, sound economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, security, agriculture, health or education, among other key elements of any indicator of progress.
However, the problem we face in this regard is that the forum mandated by the General Assembly to address the issue of Security Council reform — the Open-ended Working Group on Council reform — has not been able to make significant progress since it was established under General Assembly resolution 48/26 in 1993.
1.6 The CTC would appreciate receiving information on the conclusions reached by the Commission established by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Waqfs referred to in pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report regarding the harmonization of criminal law with international terrorist offences.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and potential use of United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability” prepared by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Disability of the University of Galway, Ireland, at the request of OHCHR, analyses the provisions of the six United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability and reviews the functioning of the United Nations system in the field of disability.
Actions by States 9 - 22 6
In this regard, OHCHR supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the related draft supplement.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or their modification, a simple interpretative declaration, unlike a regular reservation, may be formulated at all times.
It was also queried whether it should be limited to unilateral acts in the strict or broad sense to certain types of conduct of States that could produce legal effects.
But the 26 million Iraqis deserve it.
It is urgent that he listen to the message of the inspectors mandated by the Security Council and provide the required answers.
Inspections cannot continue indefinitely without prompt, active and effective cooperation from Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the Question of Palestine
I think that President Bush's announcement last Friday that the Quartet would present the road map to the parties as soon as a credible Prime Minister with sufficient powers is confirmed is an important step on which we need to build.
Accordingly, the proposals of the Secretary-General to reduce the additional requirements are limited to those indicated above and can be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the Commission's guidelines, the Special Rapporteur has continued to pay special attention to the issue of gender-based distinctions.
Applications for accreditation are registered in a registry (CA).
The process of ratification of the Convention is being finalized.
In expected accomplishment (a), replace “social problems” with “social development problems”.
Malawi would like all States to join in the defence and promotion of the functions and credibility of the Court and to strengthen its jurisdiction and independence, which must be vigilant and unequivocal in the commitment of all States; it should also be carefully chosen by the officials of the Court, especially judges whose personal integrity and independence must be above suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) — The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands notes that the courts of the Netherlands do not consider that most economic and social rights are directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members also have before them document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
It has been jointly developed by the United Nations and national organizations dealing with issues of interest in the sustainable development of the oceans and the progress of oceanography, under the primary responsibility of FAO and under the chairmanship of a steering committee and a technical committee, which have coordinated the work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
To meet the assessment needs of the Convention, the Global Assessment should include an assessment of biodiversity in ecosystems, species and genotypes.
Ad Hoc Group on Global Policy Review (guidelines report)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: environment and sustainable development)
She thanked the senior managers for the information provided on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in human resources management of the Organization.
Expert Meeting on the Definition of Environmental Goods and Services and Their Role in Trade and Development
In some cases, however, the poor performance of private enterprises and social discontent are of concern.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of the draft resolution (A/C.3/58.L.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
But policy reforms and capacity-building in developing countries should also be introduced.
OHCHR has also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations Country Team, as well as with ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The Technology Transfer and Foreign Investment Act 1992 had liberalized FDI inflows and ensured the repatriation of profits and capital.
We expect that, on such issues as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and the military actions faced by Palestinian civilians, the Government of Prime Minister Sharon is acting to support the peace process.
The Palestinians want to put an end to the occupation, with the certainty that they will have a truly viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, set forth in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without distinction of any kind, including of sex,
The assistance was mainly provided for intensive training of teachers, administrators and evaluators at the provincial level.
The group referred to the various forms of education under article 6 and noted that there were several formal and non-formal activities for children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Awareness (Chairperson: Ms. Višnja Gugasović, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauer, Switzerland)
Thus, article 139 of the Criminal Code provides that: “the conspiracy to commit any of the offences referred to in this section shall be punishable by the same penalties as those imposed on the actual commission of the act”.
Article 148 as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001 is punishable by hard labour for any person who produces, possesses or transports knowingly any kind of explosive or inflammable material or any toxic, inflammatory, infectious, bacteriological, chemical, radiological or similar substances, as well as any component thereof, to commit terrorist acts or to allow others to use them for that purpose.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening the role of the United Nations in enhancing the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and the promotion of democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of United Nations peacekeeping operations
The “E3” Panel found that Van Oord was entitled to compensation for some of its losses of tangible property but recommended no compensation for its other claims.
It is further noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its capacity to support the Counter-Terrorism Committee when necessary, the Department for Disarmament Affairs should draw public attention to the risk of the use of weapons of mass destruction in connection with terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that much remains to be done to achieve the objectives and priorities set out therein;
(h) Closed-circuit television services;
It is proposed that the General Assembly:
They referred, inter alia, to agreements and institutions to improve the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment and Coastal Environment of the South-East Pacific and its Plan of Action; the Convention for the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment of the Wider Caribbean Region and its Protocol on Specially Protected Areas and Wildlife; the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Baltic Sea Region;
Another proposal was that the main bodies that were to participate in the consideration of cluster subjects should prepare joint reports for submission to the groups at the beginning of the meetings, following which they would focus on the scope and nature of inter-agency coordination in the areas covered, in order to complement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea, whose preparation should continue for distribution prior to the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In operative paragraph 19, in the second line, the word “education” should be replaced by the word “information” and, in the fifth line, the words “Decides to provide all available assistance” should be replaced by the words “Welcomes the invitation extended to the Chairman of the Special Committee to attend the Constitutional Convention to be held in Tokelau in September 2003”.
On the occasion of a presentation on the impact of structural adjustment on human development, delivered at a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki identified three main characteristics of structural adjustment and stabilization programmes: they are of a limited nature; they do so much to capitalism and weaken the power of the State.
Any attempt to link the prohibition of future production and the issue of existing stockpiles would unnecessarily prolong negotiations and undermine nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament.
(a) When electing the additional members, the General Assembly shall respect the following pattern of seats:
According to the World Bank, housing costs increased by 12 per cent during the first 15 months of the second intifada.42, 43 per cent.
PCDAR is an implementing agency that reports directly to the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority were given, refugees in the camps replaced and modified their homes and added others.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea on the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union was also fully committed to promoting gender equality and the empowerment of women and believed that the gender perspective should be integrated into development strategies and policies at all levels, including in the work of the United Nations.
Currently, there are two women district leaders out of a total of 141.
As for the World Health Organization, it employed four women and six men.
Despite the compulsory nature of the primary school enshrined in the 1991 Constitution, problems are acute at this level of education.
The success rate was 71 per cent and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the higher technical education sector, the main discipline was the following attendance:
Women dominate the trade sector, where the ratio of women to men is 2 to 1, textile and garment production, and the food industry other than rice.
According to the study, only 37 per cent of women had already used condoms.
(BAD, 1996; SG-Sendbergen, etc. 1995).
The village chief is assisted by a deputy, but of a total of 12,491, only 101 are women.
Our work on small arms has many aspects, but the human dimension must remain our guide.
We also wish to ensure the success of the 2004 Review Conference in Nairobi, Kenya, which will help to achieve that goal.
At the same time, it is important to control arms and impose restrictions in order to create an adequate balance between the legitimate security needs and the unnecessary loss of innocent lives, resulting from irresponsible policies regarding the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
Moreover, she would like to know whether there were any figures showing the number of men and women working in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. Gonzalez asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Reproductive and Sexual Rights referred to in paragraph 420 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Service on Reproductive and Sexual Rights referred to in paragraph 421 were two separate or silent institutions and whether they dealt with rights in themselves or only with health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to take into consideration, in the context of the negotiation process, the contributions of the United Nations system and relevant international organizations;
Subsequently, the COP will hold regular meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure adopted by the COP.
He hoped, however, that each organization represented at the meeting would establish, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources as appropriate, a mechanism for the exchange of information.
Other business
“Welcomes the decision of the Government of Benin to host a regional preparatory conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of adopting effective measures, including, where appropriate, new financial mechanisms, in support of the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, poverty reduction and the strengthening of their democratic systems, while reaffirming the primary responsibility of each country for its own economic and social development and that national policies play a leading role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of the following countries: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Belize, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Ecuador, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, Norway, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Russian Federation.
They are derived from the report of the Secretary-General on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, tables 1 to 4).
One woman was appointed to the temporary position of Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (effective 1 January 2003) and another was recently appointed as a Humanitarian Envoy of the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with effect from 10 January 2003).
Strong acute respiratory infections have shown that regional and international cooperation is essential to address the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives aimed at enhancing the effectiveness and visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
Following the riots in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country appeared to have returned shortly to normalcy.
There is a need to ensure, through training courses and adequate support, that the standards being developed give rise to best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need to take this step;
[(c) [In order to avoid doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, inter alia, to rule on all matters arising from or relating to the provisions [paragraph (b)] above];]
Mr. Neser (Sweden) said that he associated himself with the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/264);
Expressing its grave concern at the continued Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, relevant United Nations resolutions and agreements reached between the parties, including through the ongoing construction and expansion of the settlements in Djabal Abu Ghounaym and in and around Occupied East Jerusalem,
International cooperation in the field of environmental protection should focus on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening of sustainable development agencies at the national, regional and local levels, as this would help developing countries better address climate change issues.
Achieving environmental sustainability will require universal support for global environmental conventions.
Encourages Member States in the region to continue their efforts by adopting the necessary laws or regulations to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement a system such as ODS, due consideration should be given to the organization of the Secretariat, as set out in Secretary-General's bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5 of 12 September 1997, which states (sect. 1) “The Secretariat, which is one of the principal organs of the United Nations, has its headquarters in New York.
Level 5 is granted to delegates and allows access to documents that are reserved for participants, such as conference room papers (CRP), in addition to documents available at level 4.
In reviewing the web sites of organizations or agencies whose official documents are posted on ODS, it was observed that some of them did not indicate that the documents in question could be accessed through the system.
The initial system has responded to needs for almost 10 years, which is much in view of the speed of technological innovation.
The identification process must sometimes be performed manually; the task is painstaking and time-consuming (from three to six months) and it represents additional work when staff resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, on 5, 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some are even suspected of supporting others in acquiring weapons of mass destruction, while some would seek to acquire such weapons or fail to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge posed by terrorism as a new and real threat to the international arena, brings a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
Representatives of 117 States, as well as observers for services from the United Nations Secretariat, United Nations bodies and research institutions, specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations attended.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I am encouraged by the work of the Security Council Ad Hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa, the Economic and Social Council Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three areas in which ECLAC wanted to act as a priority in the biennium 2004-2005, namely, policies to promote equality and combat poverty in the region; national policies to strengthen the links between economic and social development and ongoing globalization, and the integration of environmental perspectives into public policies in the region.
The first group met with the Director of the plant, to which he posed questions about the plant's material, problems in production, and the effects of problems on production.
Expressing its appreciation to those countries that continue to host Afghan refugee populations and at the same time reiterating their call to all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations to protect refugees and displaced persons and to allow access to international agencies capable of providing assistance and protection to those persons,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Special agreements providing for the annual or longer payment of assessed contributions to the budget by the Government of the country where the Centre is located (hereinafter referred to as “the host Government”), by any other member of UNIDO or by any intergovernmental organization having relations with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between the Governments or organizations concerned and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They pointed out that the Evaluation Office might disperse its efforts and might lose their effectiveness.
Type: Satellite
Nauru was placed even lower in the following year, and members of the Group included it on the “countermeasures” list, not because of the inadequacy of our laws, but because the rules of the game had changed and we did not have the capacity to supervise offshore banks registered in Nauru.
In addition to combating weapons of mass destruction, it is absolutely urgent to address the problem of small arms that play a role in conflicts and insecurity in many of our countries.
Unfortunately, it would seem that, for a very small number of Member States, the issue is not a matter of formulation or terminology, but it involves factors other than, very candidly, we find it difficult to fully understand.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account differences among States regarding the scope of criminal legislation relating, inter alia, to prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornography.
Corrigendum
In addition, some girls' schools are set up, and they are used as a daytime meals to encourage their pupils not to leave school.
There is no data on the level of illiteracy among rural women.
To be held in closed session on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Notes the importance of the ongoing bilateral peace negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security in promoting mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiating a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks to human beings posed by the irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of the mandate given in resolution 57/61, to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO welcomes the idea of working with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national action plans and form the implementation programme.
To date, in view of the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the recent meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes have been achieved; many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on the way forward to implement all previous commitments and define new commitments for the full realization of the objectives of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomed the results of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development, which had significantly clarified the methods and future programme of work of the Commission.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that have participated in these difficult consultations in recent months, whose will and dedication have enabled the adoption of the resolution today.
The overall management of judicial reform and review remains the responsibility of the National Transitional Government of Liberia, with assistance provided by international expert organizations under the leadership of the United Nations through the knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[In the case of afforestation or reforestation project activities under the CDM for which CERs are issued,] a designated operational entity shall periodically verify and certify that appropriate insurance is being valid during the reporting period. ]
Amphetamine continues to be manufactured mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should have a priority to ensure that all their services work together and pool their resources and knowledge to fight drug trafficking.
This management and use is also essential for the quality of extensive pastures and soil conservation.
Annex II
The State of Victoria, Australia, assists the Fijian police in the use of radar guns and provides us with road safety education materials.
While those who resort to traffickers deliberately do so, they are nevertheless very vulnerable to ill-treatment in the course of their lives, including extortion by corrupt immigration officials or other law enforcement officials.
It was to be hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in the field of peace and security would renew the concept of cooperation of all countries towards peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of General Assembly resolution 377 (V) of 1950.
The crew of the “Shenzou”, the name of “separate thickness” in China, stole space and returned healthy and except on Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the recent killing, violence and other violations of human rights and atrocities committed in Bunia, as well as the attacks against the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and internally displaced persons who have taken refuge in the Mission's premises, and reaffirms that such acts will not go unpunished and that their perpetrators will be held accountable.
Appendix A
Under the operative paragraphs of the second draft resolution, entitled “Model legislative provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on privately financed infrastructure projects”, the General Assembly would appreciate it if the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law had completed the drafting and adoption of model legislative provisions, request the Secretary-General to publish them and recommend that all States take due account of the model legislative provisions and the Legislative Guide to Enactment.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/515)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, Rwanda, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court ruled against him, in public hearings, a prison sentence of six years and six months of the head of tax evasion and a breach of the obligation to hold accounts.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Object of reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, Chair of the SBI, and Mr. Halldor Thorgeirsson, Chair of the SBSTA, presented the objectives of each of the workshops and outlined the expected results.
The workshop, which was for officials from Asian countries in charge of reporting under article 18 of the Convention, focused on those States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
As the economic situation had subsequently improved, the Government had adopted a dual approach to gender mainstreaming in its strategies and to develop gender-sensitive policies and programmes, which enabled it to address gender discrimination more systematically.
It also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns on the Convention be conducted for parliamentarians, including the judiciary and the legal professions.
In the light of all these elements, I would like once again to ask the Council to carefully consider the international measures that will ensure the necessary security for the progress of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I wish to reiterate the commitment of the Government of Kenya to fully implement the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other related international instruments.
The Secretary-General estimates that the costs of the Institute for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including salaries for the nine existing posts (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service) would amount to $970,300.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has proved effective in terms of time, effort and resources.
(b) Such guidelines will be incorporated into the instructions on programme presentations for 2004, and will include, as recommended in the audit on staff training, direct costs for the design, development and implementation of training activities funded from the administrative budget, and training projects managed by the Staff Development Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution as a whole (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document is composed of three parts.
Compilation and synthesis of views on actions taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priority needs and actions taken by Annex II Parties to implement decisions 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE can, within its verification mandate, ensure that the parties fulfil their security responsibilities vis-à-vis the employees of the sub-contracting enterprises of the Boundary Commission working in the field and intervene in extreme situations to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs indicated in this document are purely indicative.
However, only eight countries, against the 19 target, reached their completion point by mid-2003.
On 22 October 2003, between midnight and 015 hours, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace over the sea off Beirut (20 kilometres off the coast) heading towards Jounié and up to the west of Chakka (111 kilometres off the coast).
On the same day, at 2149 hours, an Israeli military boat fired an illumination flare in the aforementioned waters.
The Secretariat should strictly adhere to the six-week rule for the issuance of documents, as well as all relevant resolutions and regulations of the General Assembly, in particular those that require the Organization to refrain from publishing documents in hard copy or on its website until they are available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation was never more favourable to women than in 2003.
Scotland will look into the possibility of expanding the scope of these bans in the near future.
The annual budget for childcare services for 2003-2004 will be more than three times that for 2000-2001, and these additional funds are mostly earmarked for the most disadvantaged areas.
As part of the priorities for action for 2002-2003, the target of a participation rate of 72 per cent by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 has been set.
Goals had been set for reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies among adolescent mothers, and measures were planned to improve communication, promote education and provide women with user-friendly services.
Under the Scottish Health Plan adopted in December 2000, Our National Health: a plan for action a plan for change, NHS must ensure that health personnel are able, professionally and culturally, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The directors of all NHS organizations in Scotland have also personally committed to implementing this programme by signing the Commission for Racial Equality's Leadership Challenge.
Concerted efforts have been made to improve services in rural areas, such as schools, police forces, childcare stations and services.
The Court Service is developing a partnership project with advisory bodies, which could involve electronic links of proposed business centres, courtrooms and the complainant.
A strategy is currently being developed, with two main objectives: to reach more women and children and to raise awareness of their safety and protection choices; and to reduce social tolerance of such offences so that they are no longer excused, tolerated or ignored.
In this context, we believe that, as was said at the last session of the Committee, 661, an emergency plan is needed to accelerate this process of renegotiation of the financial amendments to these contracts.
We hope that all of the issues highlighted by the head of the Office of the Iraq Programme, in his report to the Council on 29 September, as still unresolved or not agreed, can be fully resolved so that the transfer can be carried out in a timely and timely manner.
It is certainly useful to foresee the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as has already been attempted to do by Mr. Philip Alston, as an independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the unsatisfactory developments and serious challenges that must be overcome and overcome if we are to achieve lasting peace and development in accordance with the Millennium Declaration.
Table 2
In a democracy, it is for the majority to choose the rules to which it wishes to join and, in recent years, Canadians have, in their majority, shown that they want fewer violence, both in real life and in the media.
Research shows that, with regard to crime issues, it is necessary, if not for financial reasons, to reverse and focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the Bureau, decided that the term of office of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November following the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted by consensus resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of the present report).
The proposed budget of the Court is dictated by its primary purpose, namely, to conduct fair public trials within a reasonable time.
A second technician maintains the OTP database and provides all necessary technical support for the daily use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, which follows the same functional approach as that used for other major programmes, aims to ensure the greatest possible effectiveness through the establishment of a common service package for both the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions require the establishment of three separate subgroups within the Victims Participation and Compensation Unit in 2004, namely, the Participation Sub-group, the Compensation Sub-group and the Subgroup of the Victims Fund.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and Documentation Section
Performance indicators
• Travel (including for security officers for the Prosecutor, the President, judges and deputies to high-risk areas): €952,691
It would also act as adviser on internal legal issues relating to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Deputy Executive Director explained that the amount of the contribution was only one aspect of the calculation: if the other two criteria - payment and contributions to thematic funds - were met, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
He also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the pre-eminence of the law and would welcome more details on that issue.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not the modification of an existing reservation, but the formulation of a fully new reservation.
The Office has prepared a comprehensive document on legal and judicial reform, which provides an update on progress over the past decade, in preparation for the mid-term meeting of the donor advisory group to be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also stress the need for more intensive use of peaceful settlement of disputes, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
In considering peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be advised on how to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society militant groups; the new measures have been the subject of relatively strong consensus within the Government coalition and it is hoped that regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28-31 January and 29 and 30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels is vital to the sustainability of the human species and the environment. Our traditional knowledge systems must be respected, encouraged and protected; our collective intellectual property rights must be recognized and guaranteed; without the free and informed consent of the holders of traditional knowledge, such knowledge must not become a public domain, and cultural and intellectual property is protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further clarification and proposals regarding the structure during the intersessional period.
It may be aggravated from 5 to 10 years and a fine of 50,000 to 1,000 CFA francs if it is established that the perpetrator has ordinarily engaged in this activity.
- 1 Under-Secretary-General;
The Civil Code, which regulates family relations, states in Articles 78 and 80 that the human person is entitled to leave his or her birth and to his or her death, and has the enjoyment and exercise of all private rights unless otherwise provided.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been established to ensure the effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of land entry, permission to enter may be obtained from immigration and border delegations.
Annex
There are no such differences between men and women in other diplomatic ranks.
Recognition of the values and potential for assistance that non-governmental organizations can provide to governmental institutions is reflected in the cooperation programme of the Government of Croatia with the non-governmental non-market sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Belize) said that the exclusion of Taiwan from the United Nations violated the principles of universality and self-determination enshrined in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
Concern was also expressed that the inclusion of the “or undertakes to fulfil” member would make the definition overly broad.
However, concern was expressed that Variant B did not explicitly mention the carrier's liability and that paragraph 1 of the draft article indicated that the carrier was “displaced from its liability” without first defining that liability.
The Working Group as a whole approved the substance of the paragraph.
* “Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, India, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Pakistan, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Swaziland, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, Togo, Uganda, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current question, the United Nations must continue to play an equally vital role in other situations of tension, such as, in particular, the question of Palestine.
It has always been up to the Iraqi regime to avoid war.
I would like to emphasize the very useful contributions of a large number of speakers before me, who have greatly enriched our debate on this very important issue.
My delegation listened carefully to the comments made by the Member States of the United Nations during this debate.
A starting point could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that he believes should inspire our decisions regarding the future of Iraq.
The Security Council bears and will continue to bear primary responsibility for global peace and international security.
My Government has fully and will continue to do so in the fight against international terrorism.
We must be aware that there are always peoples living under foreign occupation and who under international law are entitled to resist such occupation.
We are also taking further steps to develop cooperation in this field with other Central Asian States.
It states:
Special allocations for the “resident coordinator support line” of programming arrangements will continue to be used to support coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3, the Administrator provides in its budget proposals, for the funding of the funds administered by UNDP, separate appropriations for approval by the Executive Board.
It will provide partners with lessons learned and confirmed practices to ensure that their policies and programmes respond to the concerns of poor women, those affected and infected with HIV/AIDS, those in conflict and post-conflict situations and those that are otherwise excluded from participation in decisions that affect their lives and choices.
The present proposal therefore still does not envisage a reduction in the collection rate to take account of interest, which is currently about 2 per cent.
The maximum support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 was $7.3 million.
In order to compare with changes in the volume of approved activities in the current budget period, the increase or decrease is expressed using the same coefficients used for approval of appropriations.
Urban Secretariat
Burkina Faso reported that it had begun the ratification process.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter of 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report from Indonesia submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of items of which the Security Council is seized is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
Reforestation and afforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization resulted in a decline in State revenue as a result of the decline in tariffs and taxes, and thus resulted in a reduction in public spending, especially in the social sector.
Clarification was sought regarding the joint Commission on Human Rights/WTO group proposed by the independent expert; some delegations stressed the need for human rights issues, including the right to development, to be considered in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, the above delegations called for strengthening South-South cooperation, exchanges and regional integration.
One speaker said that the working group itself was already a follow-up mechanism and that there was a need for further consideration of national studies and experiences and follow-up of the outcomes of United Nations conferences.
In that context, the working group was of the view that States should, inter alia, endeavour to eliminate protectionist barriers to exports from developing countries and eliminate in some economic sectors subsidies that adversely affected exports from developing countries.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate this work, including by submitting recommendations, as appropriate.
The group asked the Director of the project on water treatment methodology, the quantities of chlorine consumed annually, the quantities of chlorine containing water, the number of employees and the entities providing chlorine.
Lastly, he stressed the importance of effective, responsible and predictable collaboration in that area.
Case studies
Once again, the use of the veto power on 14 October prevented the adoption of a resolution considered by all to be balanced — a resolution that only called on Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territories by force and to consider the separation wall illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its multi-year leadership development programmes, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, has promoted leadership at the national level in a number of countries — Cambodia, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal, South Africa and Swaziland — as well as in the Caribbean region.
List of tables 10
Analysis and valuation 287 84
Iraq's written reply to this claim can be summarized as follows:
These instruments include the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapon Tests in the Atmosphere, Outer Space and Under Water (Treaty on the Partial Test-Ban Treaty), the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, and the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Other Weapons.
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and entered into force on 23 June 1961, established the first demilitarized continental zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had been unable to join the consensus on the draft resolution.
Iraq subsequently acknowledged that it had not paid attention to those changes.
I think that if we are honest, we must admit that the “end of innocence” has arrived, no one needs to bury them.
The last part presents the conclusions.
General implications: Development and poverty reduction can be achieved only if productivity gaps within and among countries are reduced through the mobilization of skills, know-how, technologies and information in developing countries, with a result of equitable and sustainable development.
For this reason, institutional capacity-building, skills development and entrepreneurship promotion are also critical to the success and impact of UNIDO's technical cooperation programmes; In this context, a new approach is proposed for UNIDO's technical cooperation activities, which should enable more focused and efficient use of the experience and know-how of the professionals whose services are provided under the eight modules.
The German-German Treaty on the Establishment of a Monetary, Economic and Social Union entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German-German Agreement on Preparations and Organization throughout Germany of the first election in the Bundestag on 3 September of the same year.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights are binding at the national level, as a result of the ratification of these instruments, but also because, under article 25 of the Basic Law, they have a higher authority than ordinary law and directly create rights and obligations for the inhabitants of the federal territory, as they may be interpreted as general rules of international law.
Only a few Parties have devoted a separate chapter to the issue of public participation (Australia, the Czech Republic, New Zealand, Sweden), but many have addressed the issue from another perspective, with regard to the participation of NGOs and policymakers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) or as a general principle (Italy).
Others consider participation to be public participation in the development of climate change plans, programmes and policies (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict, it is essential to maintain a minimum level of environmental cooperation to safeguard natural resources and prevent the health of people and the environment from deteriorating in a sustainable manner.
When considering the construction of new wastewater treatment facilities, it would be appropriate to plan the reuse of these waters.
The quality of waste water in the seeds, rivers and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be consistent with the most recent international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo II Agreement, the facility that exists in Ramat Hovav in Israel should be used.
Second performance report on the programme budget
Mr. Barriga (Liechtenstein) said that the past year had been a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Special measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including by improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, and by introducing multilingualism and teaching of indigenous peoples' languages and cultures to promote better understanding among cultures.
Upon receipt of the additional information and clarification, the Committee considered the matter at several formal and informal meetings, and a number of proposals on ways and means to address this issue were submitted by France, the Russian Federation and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, respectively.
First, all individuals have a duty to help the public power, in accordance with their means, fully fulfil its fundamental role.
Rule 12
(g) It is important to request special rapporteurs and representatives to carry out their mandates and to refrain from addressing issues beyond their competence.
The Committee is of the view that the special information programme on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has greatly contributed to informing the media and public opinion of the situation.
The Arabs have sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives that, as indicated in the Secretary-General's report, will remain a fundamental element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the cost of this first Review Conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by the States Parties and States not parties to the Convention participating in the Conference, in accordance with the appropriate United Nations scale.
(a) Expressed concern at the high proportion of General Service staff in the regional commissions in comparison with the Professional and higher categories, and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, as appropriate, on the initiatives taken;
(c) The ratio of General Service staff to non-Secretariat/Professional and higher-level staff for all these offices, and therefore the need for support capacity, is based on the local situation and the state of infrastructure and commercial services development in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children died.
It is perhaps the first time since the missile crisis in Cuba, that the peoples of the world have taken the two possible options around a crisis of this gravity; that is, either a diplomatic settlement, thus peaceful, or a war, with the grave consequences of such an act for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
It is in their interest.
For example, in two months of work on the ground, it should be noted that thanks to the cooperation of the Iraqi authorities, the inspectors have easily access to more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private residences.
Indigenous peoples and communities are not deprived of their means of subsistence or are not expelled from their lands, in violation of Convention No. 169.
They shall not take disciplinary action or other measures against workers or other persons who have filed a complaint or have claimed that the company does not comply with the Norms;
Thirdly, he stressed the need to be ready to change his positions and to explore every possibility of a fair compromise.
Introduction
Greece Mr.
and
In accordance with the Instructions for the Registry (art. 26-30), a preliminary draft is prepared by the Registrar.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Afghanistan, Central African Republic, Algeria, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Chile, China, Cyprus, Comoros, Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Cuba, Djibouti, Egypt, Guyana, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Gabon, Ghana, Lao People's Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda,
That Syria calls on us — or anyone in this room — to listen to the voice of wisdom is a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
His delegation would like to know why the establishment of a Senior Management Service was an essential element in the progress of major organizational reforms aimed at strengthening the international civil service (A/57/30 para.
The European Union concurs with the recommendation made by the Commission in its report (A/57/30) concerning the maximum admissible educational expenses and the education grant in countries and the monetary areas listed in paragraph 141, subparagraphs (a) and (b), as well as with the recommendation for the lump-sum reimbursement and additional reimbursement of boarding costs (paragraph 141).
All parties attended weekly meetings and responded promptly to incidents.
The total number of bank deposits has increased gradually, with an increase of 6 per cent over the past six months.
This hour of history requires reflection, foresight and action.
Mexico believes that genuine reform must be based on five very specific guidelines.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration - from developing countries and least developed countries in all regions - has been gradually expanded to services.
Purpose and objectives
However, where this amount is too high, it may have a deterrent effect and undermine the objective of convenient, economic and prompt access to insolvency proceedings.
The effect of excluding encumbered assets from the estate may generally increase the credit offer, as secured creditors would have the assurance that their real rights would not be affected by the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
Assets that the debtor has prepared during this period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The desirability of measures to protect the value of the encumbered asset may need to be weighed against their potential complexity and cost, and the need for the court to be able to make difficult commercial decisions regarding such protection.
Automatic termination clauses
For greater transparency of the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clarify in the law the limitations imposed on the powers of the insolvency representative with respect to the types of contract discussed in this section.
However, even if this approach is adopted, it may be that the insolvency representative should commence a process to recover the assets or their equivalent value from the counterparty where the latter does not return the assets.
As discussed above, however, a total desertions can disrupt the enterprise and undermine its continued operation at a critical stage of survival.
The following list does not purport to be exhaustive and, in some cases, functions will overlap or not be relevant because of the insolvency law.
As a general rule, the committee will act on behalf of creditors: its functions will therefore be directly related to the general functions assigned to them, as described above.
Where a creditor committee is established (and recruits professionals), this obligation can be fulfilled by requiring its members (and professionals) to sign confidentiality agreements.
Some of them raise general rules, such as that the reorganization plan should provide sufficient clarity and clarity to all parties regarding the financial position of the debtor and the changes in certain rights proposed therein, or set minimum requirements, such as that the plan should include payment of certain preferential claims.
In practice, this period can range from 10 to 45 days (see chap.
The recommendations regarding notice of commencement provide for the protection of the debtor by requiring that the application for commencement be notified and giving the debtor an opportunity to rebut this presumption.
For example, the ILO Convention on the Protection of Workers' Claims in the Case of Insolvency of their Employers, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about setbacks in this area.
With regard to the latter, the programme is responsible for providing support to the Economic and Social Council and the interaction between the Council and the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination.
On 6 December, the Chair circulated a draft presidential statement welcoming the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, introduced, in a private meeting with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of UNFICYP for the past six months (S/2002/1328).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained the required majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the appointment of Mr. Collen Vixen Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Narcisse Ahounou (Côte d'Ivoire) as members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in due form.
Together Foundation is proud to provide effective electronic communication services that enable G77 to meet its growing information and communication needs.
It is a permanent forum in which institutions of higher education and their leaders can discuss important issues and problems in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002), seminar organized in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (approximately 100 participants);
Private sector fund-raising strategies
The social fabric is shattered and makes women and girls vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, adult ex-combatants were the only people to be brought to our attention.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations disseminates a comprehensive training manual on gender and peacekeeping to peacekeeping missions and Member States.
More needs to be done in post-conflict situations and in the era of reconstruction.
The international community should take appropriate measures to assist and compensate them.
Web sites President of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
For 12 years, Saddam Hussein defied Security Council resolutions.
We are now in a rapid growth phase, supported by a strong research and development programme, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the relevant resolutions adopted by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the latest of which is resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
It is estimated that a one-week reduction in the duration of the annual sessions will result in an economy of $228,300, at full cost, for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include ensuring the exercise of the right to water without discrimination of any kind and imposing systematic, concrete and targeted measures to ensure its effective realization.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of States Parties and the Regional Bureau may, where necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information.11
Add a new subparagraph (f) to read:
(a) Aerosols fall under Division 2.1 if the content is more than 85 per cent mass, flammable components and if the chemical combustion heat is equal or greater than 30 kJ/g;
“For UN 3175, the age test is not required when the liquid is fully absorbed into a solid contained in a sealed bag.
P903 Add the following paragraph after "Emetages satisfactory to the test level of packing group II.
4.1.9.2.1 Replace "type IP-1)" with "type IP-1" and "type IP-3" industrial groupings.
Paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.7.6 become 6.1.4.6 to 6.1.4.6 and 6.1.4.8 and 6.1.4.8.1 become 6.1.4.7 and 6.1.4.7.1, respectively.
6.2.2.6.3.3 Quality management
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kuenyehia pointed out that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women victims of trafficking were immediately expelled from Switzerland and that, as a result, they were no longer in the country, they could not testify against perpetrators.
In committing, with the support of the international community, to ensuring peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to base NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without wishing to support the related ills of patrimonism, we can argue that it has been successfully used to achieve development and stability in other countries and regions.
While there has been a rise over the past two years, the amount remains far below the level of the 1990s.
The strong commitment of the international community, from the floor to action, and the continued and responsible leadership of Africa, working in a sustained manner towards the sustainable development of the continent, will help to ensure the full success of NEPAD.
It is the first legally binding international treaty on trade in biotechnological products.
• Grounds for releases of organic pollutants and nutrients from ad hoc sources
(Thousands of United States dollars)
As indicated in the Secretary-General's latest report, in its review of cooperation activities carried out in 1999 by the White Helmets Commission, the implementation of the White Helmets formula and the experience gained in that regard were noted.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the Chairman (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, becomes A/AC.268/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a member of the United Nations civilian staff who died in the performance of his or her functions in the service of peace, excluding those who have died of natural causes or an accident, after the effective establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, trafficking by sea, law enforcement cooperation and training);
Rule 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that the officers of the Bureau of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs shall remain in office until their successors are elected and shall be eligible for re-election.
(c) The COP should conduct research on cooperative models to demonstrate how best it works and can be used in innovative ways and to create ways to share best practices and experiences.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had developed at the end of others expressed a preference for the proposal made by the Member States of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC). All delegations took note of the important concessions already made in that regard.
This poses the risk of duplication and overlap.
The family, which is the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for the flourishing and well-being of all its members, must be protected and receive the necessary assistance to enable it to assume all its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; killings, raids, destruction and detention are the victims of these children who do not have access to education or medical care.
Their current situation in the context of Israeli occupation is far from a “world fit for children”.
We hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its broad range of activities will help to achieve the desired objectives of this draft resolution.
(a) To pay special attention to the protection of refugee children, especially remote minors, and internally displaced children at risk of being abducted or forced to participate in armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
Child protection problems — especially sexual abuse and exploitation — were the main obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West and Central Africa reported that several countries in the region were in the process of drafting legislation that provided for more severe penalties for convicted traffickers.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (non-governmental organizations) has already been established.
UNICEF is currently developing two HIV/AIDS strategies.
Resources have already been included in the programme budget for the current biennium and under section 24, Human rights, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
This provision would cover the costs of 12 military advisers and liaison officers ($488,200); 8 civilian police advisers ($325,400); 1,159 international staff (279, 143 national staff and 737 local staff); an overall increase of 12 posts resulting from a net decrease of 27 international posts and 21 national staff posts and an increase of 602,900 national staff.
Review of the programme of work: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I should like to draw the attention of the members of the Council to the following other documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letters dated 2 June and 24 July 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General; and S/2003/685 and S/2003/698, letters dated 2 July and 9 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations, respectively.
“I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Group of States of the Islamic Conference at the United Nations, to request the Security Council to extend an invitation under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Ahmad Hajihoseini, Deputy Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Security Council during the Council's consideration of the item entitled “The Middle East”.
But the effect is the same: annexation.
The fear is still very bad and is an artificial solution to the problems facing Israel.
The Norwegian Foreign Minister will reiterate this unequivocal condemnation in his meeting with Chairman Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories, and the excessive use of force against innocent Palestinians are causing despair as well.
However, the Commission also took note of the various views expressed in the Working Group regarding the form and scope of the instrument, its fundamental principles and some of its main characteristics.
The Working Group agreed to recommend to the Secretariat to follow up on suggestions to expand the scope of the study by also addressing obstacles to electronic commerce that might arise from other instruments that other organizations had proposed inclusion, and to discuss with those organizations the modalities for carrying out the necessary studies, taking into account the constraints that the Secretariat might impose on its current workload.
Businesses engaged in legitimate business should not fear disclosing their identity or establishment.
(i) To implement a further reduction in non-strategic nuclear weapons that is transparent, verifiable and irreversible, based on unilateral initiatives and in the process of nuclear arms reduction and disarmament;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and refrain from any actions that undermine its firm commitment to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The deputies of the State Duma state that when considering for the purpose of ratification the documents to be submitted with regard to the participation of Latvia in the Agreement on Partnership and Cooperation between the Russian Federation, on the one hand, and the European communities and their member States, on the other, they will determine whether they should be ratified as Latvia fulfils its obligations with regard to human rights and minorities.
She would also like to know whether the Government was encouraging the formation of women's organizations.
Science and technology as the basis for sustainable forest management
Secondly, it should be used to use knowledge from case studies to develop indicators for different stress factors that are scientifically specific and sound.
Date and place
The Chairman: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 have expressed the wish that the text be adopted by the Committee without a vote.
This simplified interface allows access not only to the database but also to other information available on the website.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Policy coordination
Recognizing the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and in the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
Pilot projects had been approved for two of the Territories and would be carefully scrutinized to determine whether they could be implemented elsewhere.
The Supreme Judicial Council shall select, in addition to the candidates listed in article 3, paragraph 5, two candidates whose names are also communicated to it by the Secretary-General, who shall serve as an international investigating judge and who shall serve as an alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
KUFPEC's claim for Sidi El Kilani 56 - 95 22
KAFCO assessed Jet A-1 fuel at its replacement cost in May 1991, based on the average price of the purchased quantities.
The production profile used after that date is based on the annual production rate estimated in 1994, although real production figures are now available.
Ms. Pham Thi Nga (Viet Nam) said, in explanation of her delegation's position, that the draft resolution lacked objectivity and did not reflect progress in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution was silent on the request of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the international community for the establishment of an international criminal tribunal for his country with a view to ending violence and impunity.
Last November, Esther Galia, a mother of seven children, was shot dead in a terrorist attack in the same neighbourhood.
They are essential for a comprehensive settlement.
Once the international community has endorsed the road map accepted by the Israeli and Palestinian sides, its implementation requires genuine political will to achieve the final objective, namely, the two-State settlement envisaged by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive signs that have recently indicated a resumption of the political process, Israeli settlement policies and the continued construction of the separation wall run counter to all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while we throw the year on terrorists from all sides, we must admit that one of the sources of this tragedy lies in the despair of certain peoples, who are victims of the frustrations and intolerable injustices that are lagging behind.
On the other hand, Iran has no nuclear weapons programme and does not intend to do so.
Armenia intends to make progress.
The unilateral use of military force, through the reversal of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage individual countries to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, the States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI, undertook to do so.
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion strategy of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of these indictees may have died and others may never be arrested.
Moreover, following a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution now defines the family as an entity based on equality of spouses.
The plan provides for the establishment of village development committees, with at least one woman among their members, who are responsible for the implementation of the project at the village level.
We are prepared to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal to ensure that these trials take place.
With regard to the question posed by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and rapid transfer would allow cases to be completed in a timely manner, as the President said, the judicial process is not easily predictable.
Subregional level
Therefore, solutions to prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes require the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, in the first place nuclear weapons.
With regard to export competition, it was suggested that export subsidies and credits should be reduced, but without a precise objective or time frame.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment by the Community of Business Women's Network, aimed at empowering women, including by facilitating access to credit and trade and technical training in good conditions;
This project is being implemented in the mountains of Central Asia.
Identification
Contents
A few participants stressed the need to explore the possibility of establishing an international stabilization fund that would play the role of insurance to assist in addressing losses arising from the implementation of response measures.
Recognizing the importance of collaboration among the sponsoring agencies of the Global Climate Observing System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty be abolished from the criminal sanctions legislation of both Republics and that it be expressly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish an open-ended working group to consider ways and means of improving the predictability of funding.
In particular, reference was made to the proposed provision concerning the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions would inflict considerable material and financial damage on third States.
It would be desirable to temporarily suspend sanctions in the case of extraordinary circumstances or force majeure (natural disasters, famine threats, widespread disturbances resulting in the disruption of the administration of the country), in order to prevent a humanitarian disaster.
Accordingly, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered on a case-by-case basis.
In turn, the sponsor delegation proposed the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergency situations and in cases of force majeure in order to prevent a humanitarian disaster, and should be decided on on on a case-by-case basis.” With regard to this suggestion, the view was expressed that such a provision might not be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already provided for in the sanctions regime.
It was further noted that the last principle (sect. 5 above) raised an important issue of codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the International Law Commission to take up the matter and for the Sixth Committee to debate it.
Transparency will remain the characteristic of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
As a result, despite the slight change recommended by the Group of Governmental Experts this year, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States have remained unchanged; they believe that the scope of the Register should be expanded, particularly since past years' experience has shown that the Register, which is limited to seven categories of conventional arms, will not attract universal participation.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help to strengthen our rule of law achievements.
For my delegation, this is a historic opportunity, as the Republic of San Marino first addresses the Security Council.
Decides further that the bureau of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee shall be composed of five representatives of Member States elected on the basis of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors raised several points regarding the liquidation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1n), para.
Please indicate, if any, how your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and conclusion
Source: The Hague Conference, Reports, Convention No. 2 (available at www.hcch.net/f/conventions/text02f.html).
The obstacles to the full participation of women in political life are rather rooted in the traditional attitudes of society; there is indeed some resistance on the part of men to the fact that women can play a role in decision-making.
The trial of another Kosovo Serb accused of being the instigator of the April riots in Mitrovica commenced on 22 November.
Research activities using rockets and ballons, as well as ESA space missions, are designed and carried out in Esronange by the research teams in the fields of plasma physics, astronomy, atmospheric chemistry and material science.
UNCTAD's work in the area of trade and development was not intended to duplicate the work of other organizations, but to discuss the relationship between trade and development in an objective and integrated manner from a development perspective in order to facilitate and strengthen ongoing processes and negotiations in other forums.
The pilot phase had already enabled capacity-building for Somali institutions involved in disarmament, demobilization and reintegration.
Target audience: All reviewers.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the Executive Board at its seventh session on the steps taken to implement this decision.
“Villers”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are unable to protect themselves is your responsibility.
The Commission on Human Rights must play a key role in the process of improving the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other relevant entities, both public and private, as well as multilateral bodies, to continue to contribute, on a voluntary basis or as appropriate in accordance with their mandates, to activities related to the development and implementation of programmes of action to combat desertification in all affected regions;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that addressing the issue at a meeting of the expanded bureau seemed to be a strange solution, since the views of the expanded bureau, meeting informally, would not necessarily reflect those of the Commission as a whole.
(iv) All known and projected expenditures relating to the representative duly authorized by the Secretary-General to serve on the International Advisory and Monitoring Board for the period of six months defined above, after which such expenses shall be borne by the United Nations;
Its counter-terrorism efforts using weapons of mass destruction will also be consistent with the three-step programme of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee, resulting in the establishment of the necessary legal framework for counter-terrorism, followed by the strengthening of the executive machinery for the implementation of legislation and the further development of international counter-terrorism cooperation.
Its production base remains narrow and diverse.
Despite the glimmer of hope for a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been the scene of armed clashes in other phases and periods that have had profound implications and repercussions for the peace efforts that Egypt has deployed objectively and clearly, bearing in mind every opportunity to achieve a just and comprehensive peace for the countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also urges States to take all appropriate measures to protect the cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the lack of effective flag State control exposes the maritime sector to criminals involved in arms smuggling and trafficking in drugs and diamonds, etc.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
In times of war, by the territorial courts of the armed forces and by the military courts to the armed forces”.
Participants included 115 out of 59 countries, including representatives of public agencies, international organizations, consumer organizations, trade and industry.
The TEMPORARY PRESIDENT said that he had been honoured to preside over the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Council, which coincided with a period of greater stability after four years of reform.
Ghana, despite financial constraints, has undertaken to fulfil its financial obligations to the Organization.
Place of regular sessions
If the President ceases to be a representative of a member of the Governing Council or is unable to perform his or her functions, or if the member State of which he or she is a representative ceases to be a member of the Governing Council, the bureau shall designate one of the Vice-Presidents as Acting President until a new President has been elected by the Governing Council.
The role of poverty and its impact on the entire population was emphasized.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
Appreciation was expressed for the abolition of 57 outputs and the rationalization of publications.
The Committee recommended the dissolution of the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus, as long ago it cannot agree on how to implement its programme of work and is unable to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that the proposed programme budget of UNHCR was presented as a grant to simplify the link between OHCHR and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35 (Development Account) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The strategy of subprogramme 2 should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and related conclusions be submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women for consideration and action, as appropriate.
The documents before the Working Group are listed in annex II.
A minority representative recommended autonomy for the Ogoni people in a specific region of Nigeria's territory, explaining that it would promote socio-economic development and full participation of the Ogonis in resource control.
The term “new minorities” has not been accepted by all, and its use requires further discussion and reflection.
Training courses should be encouraged to enable minorities to learn to benefit from human rights mechanisms and the development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
It appears that there is a need for a new consensus on the issue of the role of the public sector in the field of energy for sustainable development (e.g. setting public policy objectives, setting priorities and guiding markets), bearing in mind that market forces alone will not be sufficient to address energy poverty in developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
Currently, the approach could be described as “transformation”: some provisions of the Convention have been transformed into specific laws.
(c) The two Turkish military aircraft of C-160, coming from the FIR of Ankara, entered the Nicosia FIR, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the occupied area of Cape Apostolos Andreas before returning to the east, from which they returned to the opposite direction.
Long-term developments and political will must be seen.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and, most recently, Liberia, show the full success of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes in emergency situations, of increasingly complex peace operations involving multiple partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Moreno Ocampo, came to our Geneva office to discuss possible areas of collaboration with us.
These words are the best tribute to the work of MONUC.
Mr. Pujalte (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): First of all, I would like to thank your delegation for having included such an important issue as that of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the Council's agenda.
An ecosystem approach requires the expansion of the functions and processes involved in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
Intergovernmental Panel on Forests process
(iii) Possible actions to reduce risks, in particular political risks, to investors engaged in sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
Nor did the United States fail to do so when it offered money to Iranian nationals after United States missiles shot down an Iranian commercial aircraft over Iran.
Train students in knowledge management, particularly those relating to accounting
(b) Systems analysis and design techniques (Ce Point, which addresses computer issues, is dealt with in module 3.6.
The Government of Israel is headed by a notorious terrorist, Ariel Sharon, who, according to two officers who participated in the massacre of Kafr Qassem in 1956, ordered the burning of Palestinian children before their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General to ensure, in formulating the budget for conference services, that the resources provided for under general temporary assistance are available to meet the full range of the estimated demand for services based on current experience;
Paragraph 2 would be very close to current paragraph 2 of model provision 32, and would therefore read: “Any expropriation of land that may be required for the implementation of the project shall be effected in accordance with ...”; it would be followed by formulas that are currently in square brackets in model provision 32, paragraph 2, possibly with reference to regulatory easements.
Perhaps a second term could be added to the French version.
Model provision 33, as amended, was approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY] Annex II
(f) That, as proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of their liberty must be released in a manner that would allow valid verification of their effective release and, furthermore, that they have been released in conditions that guarantee their physical integrity and the opportunity to assert their rights;
The study found that the way in which the administrative services of the Secretariat operate does not fully benefit from the opportunities offered by technology or to adopt the latest practices like other organizations.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General submitted in response to the request contained in its resolution 57/110 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To enhance cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General for Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, in order to bring Myanmar to a transition to a civil regime, and to ensure that all of them have full and free access to Myanmar and that all persons cooperating with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are not subjected to any form of intimidation, harassment or punishment;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/... of ... April 2003, endorses the Commission's decision to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur, as set out in Commission resolution 1992/58 of 3 March 1992, and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.”
• Serious consideration should be given to the dismantling of large mining enterprises held by the State such as Gécamines and the MIBA (Minerale de Bakwanga).
Expresses its appreciation to those Governments that have made additional contributions to establish and strengthen national human rights institutions;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;1
The unutilized balance was due mainly to the decision not to purchase new power generators, as the generators available could be repaired from spare parts on a reserve basis and were sufficient to provide electricity.
Recalling that the United Nations human rights instruments and relevant global plans and programmes of action call for the provision of the family with the widest possible protection and assistance, and that the family has diverse forms, which differ according to cultural, political and social systems,
The Voorburg Group has addressed issues of supplier identification and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its leading role in the budgetary process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, which, inter alia, advises the Programme for the Preparation and Implementation of the Biennial Budget and the Management of the Resources of the Programme on the basis of priorities established by Member States;
Capacity developed through: support to organizational entities and planning entities (public and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support for the formulation and implementation of legislation; inter-ministerial coordination; research and training capacity on development issues, etc.
Specific discussions were held on these items and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its six-hour mission and returned to the Qasr Ninawa Hotel in Mosul.
The National Monitoring Directorate informed him of the scheduled appointment and encouraged him to participate in the meeting.
The importance of broadband services as an engine for economic and social development should be recognized;
]
(b) The solicitation or acceptance, directly or indirectly, of an undue advantage, for itself or for any other person or entity, in order to perform or refrain from performing an act and thus failing to perform its duties [in connection with an economic, financial or commercial transaction, which causes an injury to the private sector].
[(j) Identify, freeze and locate funds of illicit origin derived from acts of corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of States Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
In the view of those delegations, it would also be important to ensure that the convention system took into account existing regional mechanisms and was seeking to avoid unnecessary duplication.
Text taken from the proposal of Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (7 out of 32) presented a “without measures taken”.
For this year, a projection is provided for agriculture but not energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases, depending on their degree of difficulty, by allocating more resources to highly complex cases;
Agenda item 84
In addition, the thematic meetings of the treaty bodies should be encouraged, which contribute to improving and making more transparent the protection of human rights in a particular area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate it to the Third Committee.
In view of the determined will of the non-nuclear-weapon States, the nuclear-weapon States must show that they are making tangible progress towards nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that planted forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and undermine the rights and livelihoods of local populations (which is strongly discouraged at the Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General of 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations contained therein, endorses the proposal of the Secretary-General that an electoral unit be established within UNAMA, and urges Member States to support United Nations electoral activities in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter of 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report from Spain submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It promotes TCDC in policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador has five female ambassadors compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Montalvo (Ecuador) said that the most important legislative amendment had been the revision of the Family Code, which had passed to Congress on first reading and was awaiting a second reading.
Resolution 1456 (2003)
Executive Order No. 336, on the replenishment of the National Commission for Action against Piracy and Terrorism as the National Civil Aviation Security Council.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The fruitful exchange of views followed in that regard enabled delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
AFUR African Utility Regulators
MMA Maritime Authority of Mauritius
However, it may be necessary in some cases to take various factors into consideration, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of an agreement governing its relations with the State concerned.
OHCHR looks forward to the generosity of donors, particularly donor Governments, in meeting these needs.
The essential task remains to correct the effects of past violence and to remedy current violations while developing national capacities to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Statistical capacity-building;
The initial results of the work of the Community point to a rich potential for cooperation between the Community and the Universal International Organization, based on the principles of partnership, participation and complementarity of efforts.
29B.24 Programme planning and budget preparation are the responsibility of the Programme Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in that regard.
Based on these contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the Institute's Trust Fund as at 31 December 2003 is projected at $735,600.
Request for hearing
Alternative A
The definition of “electronic signature” corresponds to the definition of the same term in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valenta at tel. 1 (212) 963-9684 or 963-9196).
With the exception of sales publications and public information material, hyperlinked official documents listed hereunder may be accessed through the Official Document System of the United Nations in the electronic version of the present Journal.
Ltd. (Sudan); LXO = Luxor Air (Egypt); NL = LoneStar Airways (affirmed by the Government of Liberia); Relief=Transport Services Ltd (United Kingdom).
Smuggling still accounts for more than 50 per cent of trade.
Illegal looting and levies by the refined security forces, extortion and other bribes undermine any prospect of economic stabilization and can only discourage capital inflows by foreign private investors.
The United Nations should play a more active role in the negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearance of gendarmes would, according to the testimonies received, be tantamount to acts of outright desertion.
HIV/AIDS prevalence is increasing and children account for 7 per cent of the infected population.
However, efforts should be made by country offices to better formulate lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction: goals and objectives
Press conferences
The status of ratification of the conventions and the information received on the implementation of the programmes of action were among the key indicators of progress in the fight against slavery and slavery-like practices.
The observer for UNICEF outlined the work of UNICEF in the area of child protection.
Calls upon United Nations bodies and agencies to develop and implement codes of conduct prohibiting all forms of sexual exploitation by United Nations personnel, service providers and humanitarian workers, and invites non-governmental organizations to do likewise in their respective fields of competence;
Invites States and interested non-governmental organizations to undertake research to achieve a better understanding of the diversion of certain ritual practices in order to intimidate women and girls who are victims of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African ministers on the Convention held in Algiers on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the 1990 session on the improvement and effectiveness of its functioning (CD/1036), the Conference invited the following non-member States to participate in its work: Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Georgia, Ghana, Greece, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malta, Monaco, Nepal, Oman, Philippines, Saudi Arabia.
I hope that ministers will call for accelerated action on all these vital security issues.
There is growing concern about the possible links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.5, A/58/375, A/57/786, A/58/600 and A/58/610)); 120 and 121 (Budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005: administrative expenses of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (A/58/214; A/58/214/Corr.1);
Encourages countries to submit, on an optional basis, national reports to the Commission's review session, in particular, highlighting concrete progress in the implementation, including achievements, challenges and opportunities;
(d) To seek to achieve a better and more balanced representation of major groups in all regions in the Commission;
The issue of trade-distorting agricultural subsidies was raised and considered a serious obstacle to the achievement of sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005, the additional activities to be undertaken include an assessment, an assessment and analysis of progress in achieving the objectives; the identification of problems and obstacles encountered, as well as opportunities, the use of lessons learned, including coordination of information received from various sources and capacity-building activities during the sessions of the Commission; the establishment and management of a transparent information and communication system and, finally, a report containing information for consideration.
This has resulted in the development of educational materials, the training of trainers and senior managers, and the provision of technical and financial support for the organization of training sessions by Cambodian trainers.
The total net amount - excluding the amount of USD 251,432.04 for interest and the amount of USD 172,784.5 for claim preparation costs - claimed for the 380 claims in part one of the sixteenth instalment to which the Panel has made its claim - USD 479,190,427.82.
These pilot projects, which will be developed and implemented within the framework of international cooperation, will aim to ensure that regional initiatives undertaken by various agencies or groups of organizations produce synergy.
The Fifth Committee, having considered the statement of programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General3 and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,4 decides to inform the General Assembly that, should it adopt draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.1/Rev.1, an appropriation of $1,375,600, broken down below, would be required for the biennium 2004-2005: section 2, Central affairs of the Conference and conference services of $1,004,600;
As part of its reception programme, the Government immediately provides housing, food aid and language services for all returnees, men and women, and is trying to find work, thus providing a number of services to this vulnerable group.
Within the framework of international cooperation, the Government is fully revamping its statistical and census centre, with a view to improving the data collected and updating them and allowing for gender disaggregation.
There is an increasing literature on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and on increasing practical examples of this contribution.
See for example Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraph 5, and CESCR General Comment No. 14, paragraph 3.
Is there a need to reduce duplication in the work of the Committee and of international organizations?
- Local Governments, which are responsible for addressing the issue of vulnerable children under the Local Government Act, annex II, must develop their potential more pragmatic;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of developments in net transfers of resources to and from developing countries.
It is important to continue the dialogue that was initiated in Johannesburg on the issue of debt for environmental investment and sustainable development.
There have been cases in the past where meetings of States Parties have been substantially delayed or cancelled due to the lack of quorum.
On the occasion of Human Rights Day, the New York Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights is organizing a number of activities to commemorate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the Vienna World Conference on Human Rights and the award of human rights awards.
The view was expressed that efforts should be made to avoid that problem in considering the provisions of chapter 8 in the light of existing instruments on electronic commerce.
He reiterated that P&I Clubs supported the application of the instrument to door-to-door transport and said that while difficulties could arise both with a limited network system and with a uniform system, it should be noted that the transport industry had largely adopted a network system for multimodal transport, including in the UNCTAD/ICC Rules and COMBICON transport letter.
In response to a question concerning the reasons why the draft instrument should apply a default rule in the case of “non-localized damage”, it was reiterated that the bulk of that point was to ensure that the liability regime for such damage was predictable and secure.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
There will be a briefing by the Secretary-General on the Youth Employment Network, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the secretariat of the Youth Employment Network, the World Bank and ILO, today, 30 September 2003, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
Compared to the approved posts as at 30 June 2003, the staffing establishment of 223 international staff (1 ASG, 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-4, 74 P-3, 13 P-2/1, 29 Field Service and 74 General Service (Other level)), 537 national staff, including 25 Professional staff and 207 United Nations Volunteers.
The latter would be supported by a secretary (General Service (Other level)) and a driver (national staff).
Ms. Shin wondered about the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission on Women's Issues, the Federal Bureau for Equality between Women and Men and the Swiss Conference of Gender Equality Delegates, and was concerned about the relative shortage of resources allocated to the Commission and the Bureau.
3, let.
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint programme of work with IAEA to develop a standard by implementing the IAEA safety standard development process with appropriate participation of experts from the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with the reporting procedures and mechanisms of IAEA and the Committee.
Option 3
To our great regret, the United Nations Secretariat has taken no steps to redeploy United Nations observers to the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait so that they can carry out the tasks assigned to them by Security Council resolutions.
Primary health care also remains tragically inadequate in many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations have been reversed.
Among them, the National Women's Forum is a forum for dialogue and continuous, multi-party and representative dialogue, enabling women's organizations to participate in the formulation, negotiation and direction of national policies for the full development of women in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to the participation of women in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat has established guidelines for the legalization of such groups, the training of their members in social organization and the strengthening of leadership, self-esteem and human rights in the departments of Chiquimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
Women's Health Week.
Such collaboration could start with the convening of an international symposium to address the various aspects of commercial fraud and where the various interested parties could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the following non-governmental organization that has requested consultative status with UNIDO: World Federation of Free Zones (EFZA).
The letter also expressed the hope that the authorities would seriously consider adopting those measures and would shed light on the “synchronous” incident.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the action teams that could be taken into account in the preparation of the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to circulate to the chairpersons of the action teams a model for their contribution to the report of the Committee.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They further noted that the African Union had emerged from the common vision of a united and strong Africa that would enable the African continent to respond to the multifaceted challenges that the continent and its peoples face in the light of the social, economic and political changes that have taken place in the world.
They stressed that these institutions should resist the efforts of some countries that use such conditionalities to defend their interests alone.
They called on donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian appeals commensurate with the needs of the affected populations, without affecting their level of interest in the media or the geographic position of the place where the emergency requires the provision of humanitarian assistance.
The investigations carried out so far in Tunisia indicate that no Tunisian bank agency or stockbroker agency has funds, financial assets or resources belonging to individuals or entities listed in the above-mentioned list.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordinating body should be designated within the United Nations system to provide support in this field, and the United Nations regional commissions should include certain activities,
Convinced that responsibility for road safety rests with local, municipal and national authorities,
Thematic discussion (theme to be decided on the basis of consultations conducted by the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The proposed amendment to the Law on Money Laundering, which establishes terrorist acts as offences under the Criminal Code as offences against that Act, will enable the Office for Combating Money Laundering to freeze without delay the funds or financial assets of persons or organizations accused of terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is reviewed periodically on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations to the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization Dalate County Desert Recovery and the Ushen County Reforestation Section will host the seminar.
It should, in the long run, contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations for sustainable land management and eventually translate into qualitative and quantitative improvements in agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes, plans of action and educational and cultural policies the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, customs and ceremonies of indigenous peoples, as well as their history, vision of the cosmos, their philosophy and values.
The cold war mentality and the role of nuclear weapons in the doctrines of the nuclear-weapon States, the current deadlock in the Conference on Disarmament, the absence of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and especially the increased risk of the use of nuclear weapons, have created a precarious situation that makes non-nuclear-weapon States absolutely in need of negative security assurances.
Participated in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Women Judges, held in Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Consequently, they must be secured by a number of provisions, namely:
- Violations of intellectual property rights;
We cannot afford to leave the inactive Conference or to let it drink because of the obstacles to be overcome or because our sense of powerlessness gives us hope to fall.
In developing the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team initiated a dialogue with local leaders and military units throughout the country.
They have effectively ensured the integration of the rights and protection of children into the work of peacekeeping missions.
However, if a staff member is reappointed by an organization that applies the United Nations common system less than 12 months after separation, any sum that may be payable at the end of the staff member's appointment under termination indemnity, repatriation grant or accrued annual leave shall be adjusted in such a manner that the number of months, weeks or days of salary payable in respect of such payments has been added to the staff member's service for months, weeks or days of service.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council in particular, must act together in this critical period in order to avoid a humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq.
Therefore, only claims relating to instalments completed on or after 2 May 1990 fall within the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only the amounts relating to the compensable period can be compensated.
The “E2” Panel defined the scope of military operations and the concept of a threat of military action for the various locations and dates for the losses reported in the claims before it, with a view to demarcating the compensable area and period.
Canada accepted the presidency for a period of one year from 1 January 2004, after the end of the mandate of South Africa on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will take stock of best practices from these recent planning activities and lessons learned to determine whether they could apply to future operations.
Should a new operation be implemented in 2003, the Secretariat would be in a position to deploy it more quickly than in the past, through the strengthening of the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of new standby arrangements for civilian support staff (as described in sub-divisions 3 and 4 below).
The maximum deployment period for members of the rapid deployment team will be 90 days, after which they will return to their places of origin.
An interactive training CD-ROM entitled “D stress management” was recently completed and delivered to missions on an experimental basis in December 2002.
Mission training has been strengthened through the establishment of training cells in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET, as well as the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware that a single code of conduct should apply to all personnel assigned to peacekeeping missions, whether military, civilian or civilian police, even if disciplinary procedures vary according to the categories of personnel.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and the Pacific (other than Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, the former Yugoslavia.
A commitment and cooperation is required at the national and international levels to address this issue.
Lessons learned from ongoing pilot projects show that it is vital to identify productive activities for which there is a potential demand, whose start-up costs are low and require skills that persons with disabilities may acquire.
This creates tensions between vulnerability and independence on the one hand — when an independent person is confronted with the new need to receive care and depend on others.
After considering informative and interesting case studies, one participant stressed the need to strike a balance between self-regulation and public regulation in order to promote genuine transparency.
The search for a structure in which developed and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered necessary by several participants and it was noted that ISAR could play this role.
New York University Stern School of Business
University of Strthgyde
United Nations Decade of Education for Sustainable Development
In accordance with article 15, the deficiencies identified were reported to the claimants in order to remedy them.
In the case of a claim, the Panel has ascertained that the goods were delivered in Iraq by the claimant, but was unable to determine precisely whether they had been delivered shortly before or after the date when the trade embargo imposed by Security Council resolution 661 (1990) became effective on 6 August 1990.
A claimant from Japan seeks compensation for salaries and salaries paid between August 1990 and April 1991 to employees who were reduced to non-activity as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur was sensitive to the support provided by a number of United Nations agencies in the preparation of the study.
Simily, only 4 to 7 per cent of these enterprises are headed by women.
- The leaders and officials of enterprises, institutions and organizations, and all other persons involved in terrorist activities, in particular by financing terrorists or terrorist groups or organizations, by providing or collecting funds to be used, directly or indirectly, for the commission of terrorist acts or related offences or by engaging in transactions involving funds or other financial assets;
- It signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified it on 12 September 2002, indicating that it has jurisdiction over the offences referred to in article 2 of the Convention in the cases provided for in article 7, paragraph 2, of the Convention;
This law, which is not retroactive, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Internal Revenue Code, which is in effect as at 31 December 2000.
The CF and its members play a central role, individually and collectively, in assisting the GM in the discharge of its mandate, as defined in Article 21, paragraph 4, of the Convention, however, the prevailing sense among the stakeholders consulted, including members of the CF, is that the GM has not yet fully discharged its role, having so far adopted a positive attitude.
Finding a niche for the GM
Curfews continue, but are not as stringent as in 2002.
The Bishkek meeting, held on 9 and 10 July 1998, brought together experts from the nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention are guaranteed in a constitution or other law and, if so, to what extent; or, if not, whether these provisions can be invoked before and to give effect to the courts, tribunals and administrative authorities;
(a) Seven members selected by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Control from among candidates nominated by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, with due regard to the fact that the Institute and its activities are financed from voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution should be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the Group of African States, and on behalf of other sponsors, to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti”, which provides an overview of the continuing special economic assistance needs of that country.
With regard to the proportion of vacancies, it was true that it should not significantly improve in view of the gradual reduction of activities.
Another source of abuse is the billing of defence counsel services.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its 2002 session;
This figure, significantly lower than in 2001, is partly due to the rise in security concerns arising from the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001, which led some major resettlement countries to temporarily restrict admissions to their territory.
In 1998, many evidence was submitted to the FBI on this matter.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional requirements arising from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;6
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical investigation — the Government that considered that an investigation was necessary to obtain a clear picture of the situation before taking the necessary measures — assesses the level of awareness of the issue in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group by providing information or clarification.
For example, Brazilian law enforcement officers had been trained at the Regional Intelligence Training School in the Andean Community in Lima.
(9) The proposed regulation also imposes restrictions on the services relating to equipment on the list and brokering activities.
To this end, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries of equipment and products that could be used for the purpose of torture or the imposition of capital punishment or other cruel, degrading or inhuman treatment.
With regard to the specific cases referred to in the report, it was reported that imposing the wearing of fers for long periods of time, either in cases of transfer from prison or as a sanction, constitutes a violation of the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (rules 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The texts of the laws cited in this extract are available on the website at http://www.admin.ch/ch/f/rs/rs.html (23 October 2002).
Under this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of evidence produced by a member of the Garda Síochána who has at least the rank of Commissioner, that a person holds or controls funds that are or may be used to commit an offence of terrorism or of financing of terrorism, or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, it shall issue an order on request, unless the defendant or any other person has established his satisfaction with the fund.
The “terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Decision, i.e. the structured association of more than two persons, established in time and acting in concert to commit terrorist offences.
E European economic space, Swiss nationals and their dependants
Following a request from the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in October 2002, to provide detailed information on all holders of savings accounts by 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the Caribbean States members of the Organization of American States decided to consolidate the training of special social workers in drug abuse.
The Caribbean small island developing States have been somewhat armed to deal with these two phenomena and climate variability.
• To identify multinational biological resources and define land and marine protected areas;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory from being used to plan, organize or execute terrorist crimes or to participate in them, must prevent terrorist elements, individually or in groups, from infiltrating and establishing themselves in its territory and from harbouring or financing them or allowing them to use the national territory to visit other States.
Some areas north and south of the endemic African malaria belt, as well as some mountainous areas in many countries, are threatened by a malaria epidemic.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors for their valuable support to the library.
(b) Develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt crusts, including applicable standards for the protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Recognizing that, at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world is undergoing historic and far-reaching changes in which the forces of aggressive nationalism and religious and ethnic extremism continue to pose new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of the functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the International Labour Organization Administrative Tribunal should continue, as current disparities make it easier for some international staff to apply to an administrative tribunal.
For its part, the administration should follow up on requests for review by the organs of administration of justice, an obligation often lacking.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Goicochea (Cuba) said that it was to avoid breaking the consensus that her delegation had accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouheddou (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years later, adopted in Rome on 13 June 2002,
This summary was prepared after consultation with the other members of the Council.
Aid and guiding principles
It continued to welcome the development of democracy in the Republic of China on Taiwan and hoped that the Chinese people, both sides of the Taiwan Strait, would resolve their differences peacefully.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that item 167 should be included in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
d November 2002 exchange rate.
That supported the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at increasing awareness among decision makers and the general public of the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development by building on the achievements of space research; promoting the increased use of space-related systems and services by the United Nations system and the private sector; and improving the management of the Earth's natural resources.
Viet Nam has committed itself to building a strong nation and a prosperous, equitable and democratic society, placing the human person at the centre of its economic and social policies.
After pillaging the wealth of developing countries, the former colonial Powers are now responsible for the deaths of 10 children every 7 seconds.
Unfortunately, the occupation authorities have prohibited the Turkish Cypriots from enjoying these benefits while limiting the freedom of expression of supporters of a reunified Cyprus, issued by the occupying forces.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are enshrined in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Round table on microcredit
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power of most forest workers severely hampers the impact of the downturn on the poorest workers.
It is anticipated that these activities will accelerate the discovery of new medicines and vaccines.
For several years now, the Conference on Disarmament has not done any substantive work.
From the perspective of the protection of refugees, which is a part of a whole, to be important, the primary challenge is to address the concerns of States in order to take into account the protection of refugees.
National asylum legislation and decision-making bodies that implement these obligations in a just and effective manner are the next steps.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with satisfaction the work carried out, under the guidance of voluntary Member States, by the 12 action teams established by the Committee at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and urged Member States to fully support the action teams in the conduct of their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, it should be noted that the Organization of American States proposed that the follow-up meeting at the 6 March meeting be held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully supports the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
The more we do, the more we see that we have yet to do.
Is this not by definition terrorism?
(a) Replacement of one or more responsible officials;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and elaborated in the main instruments that flow from it (International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Convention on the Rights of the Child or Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment).
A vote was taken by show of hands.
First, emphasis is on the quality and availability of health services.
There are 28,523 women (9.3%) out of 143,263 teachers.
Some reproductive health objectives included in the Ninth Plan and the Second Long-term Health Plan are presented below (table 8).
Consequently, the population is informed and educated up to the family level on women's health, in order to encourage the use of health services through information, education and communication programmes (IEC), with the assistance of the media, voluntary health workers and health personnel.
All formal sector credit institutions require tangible guarantees for loans.
SAARC summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity throughout its history has never faced such a challenge.
Liechtenstein welcomes this development and has participated in many debates.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking in persons and smuggling of migrants.
In Cambodia, joint efforts by the Government, the private sector and civil society, including people living with HIV/AIDS, have attracted attention and have been recognized by the international community as a result of their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, production, acquisition, transfer, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, to justify their opposition to the elaboration of a convention on remote sensing, point to the fact that resolution 41/65 is still a useful instrument, as it emphasizes two principles that they consider to be priority:
Rape has been used with impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terrorize the enemy population.
Ten years ago, violence against women was totally ignored.
States should implement General Assembly resolution 57/179 on measures to eliminate crimes against women committed in the name of honour and on intensifying efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes through legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur calls for the establishment of an ombudsman or any other monitoring and discipline mechanism in all peace support operations.
This chapter provides an overview of the obligations of transnational corporations under international human rights law in respect of the right to food.
These are clear violations of the right to food, as well as the deliberate destruction of schools and health posts in many regions, constitute a clear violation of the rights to education and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 20031)
While the situation of the Georgian economy had improved somewhat in recent years, it remained a matter of serious concern, with a heavy external debt and a real unemployment rate of more than 12 per cent (official figure).
Accordingly, they doubted that Georgia's failure to pay the amount required under Article 19, and even less its failure to comply with its obligations under the three earlier payment plans, was due to conditions beyond its control.
The Global Programme against Money Laundering participated in an assessment of offshore financial activities in the British Virgin Islands conducted under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 12 to 22 November 2002.
Interventions planned for 2003 and beyond include: improving national health and family life preparedness capacity, strategic planning and support for the adolescent and youth component of the national HIV/AIDS strategy and promoting a rights-based approach to support orphans;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and took note with appreciation of the report of the Working Group on the work of its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This outcome is the result of your abilities and effectiveness, which you have demonstrated throughout your diplomatic career, both in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and here in the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has endeavoured over the years to place greater emphasis on TCDC in its programme of work by using both regular and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Brunei Police, in close cooperation and coordination with other national law enforcement agencies, cooperates with the States of the region where the exchange of information and other operations can be carried out under similar conditions.
Since the negotiations on this international instrument were concluded at the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, my delegation has the honour to request that item 108 of the agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “Crime prevention and criminal justice”, be considered in plenary meeting only for the draft United Nations Convention against Corruption to be adopted in due course for the Conference.
Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Renewing the United Nations: a programme of reform”;
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125].8
Progressive development of the principles and norms of international law relating to the new international economic order [P.150].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group had resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002, and had again addressed general issues relating to the scope of the convention (see A/CN.9/527, paras.
Paragraph 2
Norway generally supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
The clarity with which they also fall within the efforts of African countries and the support provided by the international community and the United Nations system makes it easier to understand the gravity of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is imperative and urgent.
This would also be in keeping with the interests of the majority of Member States, which do not have sufficient staff resources to review all United Nations activities in detail.
The first consolidated report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16) informed the Commission on Narcotic Drugs of the decline in global opium production from about 20,000 tons a year in the early twentieth century to less than one third of that volume in 2000.
Africa provided 24 responses (21.4 per cent), the Americas 20 (17.9 per cent), Asia 32 (8.6 per cent), Europe 34 (30 per cent) and Oceania 2 (1.8 per cent).
Financing of alternative development and eradication programmes for illicit drug production and resource mobilization
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
It is indeed a situation in which everyone is losing; in his report, the Secretary-General explains why, in his view, this opportunity has been missed, and I will not dwell on it.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory has 14 public primary schools and four public secondary schools.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative of section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries rely mainly on Poverty Reduction Strategy Papers (PRSPs).
The border is thus already determined, further reinforced by Security Council resolution 1507 (2003), which calls on both parties to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The Kosovo Serb positions in the municipal structures of Lipljan, Pristina region, remained vacant, with no qualified candidates being nominated.
Representatives of Kosovo Serbs from five municipalities, namely Kosovo Polje, Lipljan and Obilic (in the Pristina region), Novo Brdo ( Gnjilane region) and Zvecan ( Mitrovica region), complained of difficulties in access to judicial institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) economic stability at the national and decision-making levels; (b) commitment and commitment by Governments to address environmental management issues and to promote the prevention and mitigation of environmental damage through the guidance and assistance of UNEP; and (c) adequate voluntary contributions to the Environment Fund.
(iii) Technical material: a database and an electronic forum on best practices in the social and environmental liability of Internet-based companies (1); advisory services (information clearing houses) on persistent organic pollutants, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); online database on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction (1); information clearing house and website of the Global Energy Network for Sustainable Development (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive programme of socio-economic and political development on the continent, and it must also be addressed from a comprehensive perspective.
Interdependence of democracy and human rights 143
Recognizing the important role of women in the reconciliation process and in the quest for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and exercised without discrimination of any kind;
Recommends the following draft decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Emphasizing the importance of the full implementation of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS “Global Crisis, Global Action”, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001, at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note of:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, with a view to further rationalization and effectiveness and in order to facilitate her access to the information necessary to carry out her functions, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their possible mechanisms for the promotion of the human rights of women;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, United Nations organs, programmes and specialized agencies, as well as international and non-governmental organizations, to indicate the measures they have taken to promote and implement, as appropriate, the guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights and the present resolution, and to submit to the General Assembly, in consultation with interested parties, a progress report for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Calls upon States to pay special attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of children belonging to minorities, bearing in mind that girls and boys may be exposed to different types of risks;
Welcomes the affirmation by the General Assembly that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous people is one of the main objectives of the Decade, and calls for the early conclusion of important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee concerning derogations from the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in times of emergency,
Staff of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the rule of law, including by cooperating with international donors in the training of law enforcement authorities, which are concerned with the protection and protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take steps to improve access to justice, as well as to implement measures to reform the penitentiary system to bring it into conformity with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43, paragraph 2, of the Convention, which brings the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child from eighteen to eighteen, expressing the hope that this amendment will enable the Committee to carry out effectively the new tasks related to the follow-up to the two Optional Protocols to the Convention, and also hoping that the Committee will complete its work late,
(g) To afford the widest possible assistance in all investigations, criminal proceedings or extradition proceedings relating to the offences referred to in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including obtaining evidence at their disposal necessary for the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
Also at the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally introduced the proposed amendments (E/CN.4/2003/L.77) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.2, by inserting, before paragraph 1, two new paragraphs reading:
Discrimination in the criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the proposed amendment (E/CN.4/2003/L.103) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.66, sponsored by Cuba.
Subsequently, Eritrea and Malaysia joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised operative paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, paras.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women are larger than men, the age gap, and that the status of older women worldwide must be a priority,
It was agreed that if reimbursement was calculated on the basis of standard rates, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for the costs of their participation in a United Nations peacekeeping force.
He had discussions on that issue with the Secretariat in order to ensure that, in future, it would be provided with detailed information corresponding to the simplified approach.
According to additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had scheduled 46 aircraft for 2002/03: 22 helicopters and 24,680 flight hours and 24 fixed-wing aircraft and 39,700 flight hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. by Mr. David Anderson, President of the Governing Council at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chaskalson announced that, at the request of UNEP, a judges advisory committee had been established to deepen cooperation between UNEP and the judiciary.
By a note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted Member States and received in writing the following proposals:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures are one of the main obstacles to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
Replace Gg CO2 equivalent by Gg
Often, the “gold churches” are involved in maintaining this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore not in a position to report on the fate or whereabouts of the persons concerned.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, including 318 on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 on the basis of information provided by the source.
A small number of cases concerned persons allegedly arrested at checkpoints by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000, or abducted by Hizbollah and transferred to the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted two new cases updated on the basis of new information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our congratulations and thanks to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barthelmyy, who, through their dedication and availability, have honoured the Secretariat.
19.24 The requirements of $796,000 relate to meetings of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender statistics, other measurable aspects of socio-economic life and the application of information technology;
During the raid, two Palestinians, including a 15-year-old boy, Mohammed Rabie Saber, died.
Developments in the peace process
However, between July and September 2002, some absolutely condemnable acts committed by the regular armed forces resulted in the deaths of a considerable number of civilians, including the elderly, women and children whose responsibility in the conflict was far from being proven.
One member from Eastern European States;
Noting that, since some Parties have submitted their notifications late or have not submitted them, and that delays have occurred in the conduct of the in-depth reviews, the implementation assessment has been hampered,
It is expected that their implementation will continue to raise challenges in the future, as it will take time to change the financial management culture and focus on outputs and achievements rather than on inputs and planning.
It was regrettable that the goals of the Programme of Action were not generally achieved, leaving the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance affecting the lives of millions of people throughout the world.
They may do so in writing at any time.
Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee is concerned that the rights contained in the Covenant are not adequately protected in respect of a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party request international assistance for the effective functioning of the Public Defender's Office.
It also commends the State party's efforts to make public the results of its interaction with the United Nations human rights treaty bodies, including through the possibility of consultation with their reports on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the translation of the concluding observations of the treaty bodies into Estonia.
With regard to general comment, he said that the focus should be on equality between men and women.
Individuals and groups should have full and equal access to information available to public authorities or third parties regarding water, water services and the environment.
The “A package for a peacekeeper” was used to send 15,000 parcels to the peacekeepers on mission in Bosnia and Lebanon at the end of the year.
Reiterates its call upon the parties to intensify their efforts to take confidence-building measures and to contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Rwanda, Tonga, Uganda.
In particular, a set of documents should be developed:
A collective approach and spirit have emerged.
We will achieve these objectives only by facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, by raising awareness of the dangers posed by mines, destroying stockpiles of mines, providing assistance to victims, facilitating their social reintegration and convincing new States to formally accede to the Convention and comply with its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political necessity of the Ottawa Convention, which is a means of significantly improving the lives of the people of many countries seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also presented a synthesis of developments in the role of the Special Unit for TCDC and described some of the resulting adjustments in its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) Is the accomplice of a person who commits or attempts to commit one of these acts.
1 bis.
If the homicide is committed by the perpetrator while driving a vehicle in a state of script, with the effect of drugs or medicines that surround his or her personality or in a situation that jeopardizes or diminishes his or her mental, venolatory or physical capacity, the penalty of imprisonment that he is liable to be applied in the absence of such circumstances.
Each of the cases reviewed and the arguments heard, the Chairman sends the recommendations on contracts for approval to the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) The holding in Brazzaville from 14 to 17 May 2003 of the Nineteenth Ministerial Meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee;
Convinced of the need to make every effort to contribute effectively and in a coordinated manner to address the challenge posed by the removal of anti-personnel mines placed throughout the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition, the social security courses provided in the LEOGSE are intended for young people who enter the labour market without completing their training.
Social security sections included in the Spanish system
The beneficiaries of the pension are surviving spouses and separated or divorced spouses, or whose marriage has been declared invalid.
For this reason, the facilitation of access to dignified housing is a principle that must inspire public action.
(c) Management and resolution of cases of personalized economic assistance related to protected housing and protection for rehabilitation;
In these agreements, central and self-government governments maintain their respective normative competencies, whether in a concerted manner to realize the cultural purpose of the conventions, which is financed in proportion to or according to the amount granted.
A solution may be to provide culturally appropriate education to children from their earliest age, and to raise awareness of the gender perspective in order to promote a new culture that promotes joint action against HIV/AIDS and improved economic and social conditions for all.
The rule set out in the Barcelona Traction case follows from the general principles of the law of companies admitted by civilized nations rather than customary international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule set out in the Barcelona Traction case led States to resort to bilateral investment treaties, which allow investors to settle their disputes with the host State before resorting to ad hoc arbitration tribunals or the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes established by the Convention on the Settlement of Investment Disputes between States and Nationals of other States.
Barcelona Traction Authority
In the Delagoa Bay case, the United Kingdom and the United States strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when they intervened to protect their nationals who were shareholders of a Portuguese company to which Portugal itself had caused injury, but the arbitral tribunal seized the dispute had jurisdiction only to determine the amount of reparation to be awarded.
Therefore, a company cannot change its nationality for the purpose of diplomatic protection by changing its social headquarters, domicile or place of control.
Ibid., p. 140.
“The Court notes from the outset that the complainants do not complain of a violation of their rights as shareholders in the Fix Fix Scrollers, such as that of sitting in the General Assembly and voting.
Mutual legal assistance is granted as far as possible, as far as the relevant laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the requested State Party permit, in the course of investigations, prosecution and judicial proceedings concerning offences for which a legal person may be held responsible in the requesting State Party, in accordance with article [...] [Liability of legal persons] of this Convention.
(c) The full or partial allocation of the value of such proceeds or property or of funds derived from their sale to the reduction of the multilateral debt of the requesting State Party.
]
Addition proposed by Ukraine.
The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon are as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural youth throughout the world, FAO also emphasizes in its programmes, projects and activities the importance of close family ties and the protection of large family values.
Although the situation of these persons has changed somewhat as a result of the recent conflict, some families have been able to return home, resettlement of displaced persons remains a major humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional human rights arrangements continues to facilitate efforts on both sides in this field and that there are opportunities for increased cooperation,
Education and diplomas
Publications
- Aspects of the rights of troops of the contingent in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Concern was expressed that so many external factors were reported.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/OC.263) sent by Inocencio Arias, Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a follow-up interim report in response to the report submitted by the Government of San Marino on 8 July 2002 pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
To that end, I should like to repeat that, the capacity of the Secretariat should be strengthened and lessons learned from the success of the expert groups should be drawn.
It goes without saying that my delegation fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcello Spatafora, who spoke so eloquently on behalf of the European Union.
Since I also represent the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan in today's debate, I would like to emphasize the decisive and catalytic role played by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: Postgraduate studies in Political Science at the University of Sacré-Cour de Milan
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers who had arrived without permission on Christmas Island, Cocos and Ashmore Islands had been returned to Nauru and the Isle of Manus in Papua New Guinea, where they would be accommodated in detention centres pending a decision on their asylum applications;
Because of the signs in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we are hopeful that the preparatory process will be completed, but also the conference.
As we have stated on many occasions, we fully support the regional approach to issues relating to the Great Lakes region, and hence the importance of appropriate preparations for this international conference.
While some progress has been made by the Committee on Treaty Issues, including a list of treaties and instruments for its consideration, various policy issues have made progress more difficult.
In previous negotiations under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denktash, as part of a comprehensive package of measures, agreed that the area of the Turkish Cypriot State was within that range.
The concrete results in the area of gender equality did not seem to correspond to the number of measures taken or the political will of the Government of Canada; she therefore wished to know whether the Government had new ideas to move forward.
More comprehensive information should be provided on the services that these women have access, on the financing of women's organizations and women's policies, on the persons or bodies responsible for such efforts and on cooperative measures.
OIOS rightly points out that the centres in the seconds need to be managed differently from those in the former, where access to the Internet and libraries is not problematic.
Ms. Afifi (Morocco) said that it was very important for the Organization to have in place internal control mechanisms to detect irregularities and recommend solutions.
What is important is to detect these transgressions as soon as possible and to avoid their proliferation.
The proposed items will be added to the list contained in the report of the Third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80 part C).
31.4.2 The steam aerosols shall be classified as flammable, extremely flammable or inflammable in accordance with the following criteria:
The indigenous youth movement has emphasized the revitalization of indigenous languages.
It does not follow any rule and seems determined to translate its stated intentions despite international condemnation.
We have also observed that it continues, in defiance of the will of the international community, to build an expansionist wall, usurping Palestinian land and preventing the Palestinians from living normally.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the necessary authority to undertake this essential task.
Emphasizing the importance of education in the promotion of tolerance, which is to accept and respect diversity, and that education, particularly in schools, should contribute effectively to promoting tolerance and the elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 calling for the necessary mechanisms to enable its associate members, including the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories, to participate, subject to the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, in the special sessions of the Assembly to be devoted to the review and appraisal of the implementation of the action plans of the United Nations world conferences in which those States had participated,
The value of an indicator on deposit guarantee mechanisms is easily explained, as the public considers that banks are not business as others.
One of these steps was the establishment of a system for gathering information on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization agrees to accept the statute of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Néstor Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
It is necessary to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system; the role of the International Organization as the focal point for the efforts of the international community in support of the affected countries should also be strengthened, taking into account the priorities set by the authorities of those States themselves.
The necessary legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities for preparedness and disaster management, including the transfer of responsibility for disaster management from military to civilian control.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and of UNFPA for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters in New York from 20 to 23 January.
He stressed that full cost recovery was a fundamental necessity for the UNOPS business model.
They welcomed her retirement.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and curfews in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would enable the programme to exceed its objectives.
It urges them not to recruit children as soldiers or assistants or even to interfere with armed conflict.
Welcomes the successful pilot project on the development of an international radio broadcasting capacity for the United Nations and endorses the proposal of the Secretary-General that this pilot project be an integral part of the activities of the Department;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide free public access to the Official Document System of the United Nations through connectivity to the United Nations web site, to be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Suppl.
On a more encouraging note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group and stressed the need for that to continue.
It was noted that much could be learned from existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Basel Convention website (www.base.int).
At its 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on this agenda item on the basis of the draft contained in the relevant conference room paper, as orally amended.
(a) To undertake and supervise the concrete activities of the project on priority areas, in particular the production, movement and environmentally sound management of wastes, and the active promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, France, Gabon, Germany, Guatemala, India, Ireland, Japan, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Republic of Korea, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Syrian Arab Republic, Togo, Uganda, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Venezuela.
The French version of the UNGEGN information booklet had been published.
The Conference began its consideration of agenda item 21 (Adoption of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before its continuation and adoption of the final text of its draft report.
Noting also the essential role played by the present United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and the sessions of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Rule 14
During his meeting with local NGOs, the expert's attention was again drawn to the need to provide uniforms and training for police officers.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on forest products production, consumption and trade (1); database on forest resources (1); database on assistance to countries with economies in transition in the forest sector (1); maintenance of a website providing documentation on meetings, extracts of publications and information on activities related to the timber subprogramme (1);
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information on trafficking in children and child prostitution, including the Challenges of Children, Government ministries, police, including the Central Bureau for the Suppression of Human Trafficking and the Juvenile Protection Brigade, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For meetings of the governing bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly adhered to, unless otherwise decided by the participants; if the secretariats are unable to provide pre-session documents in all languages required for reasons beyond their control, they should, on an exceptional basis, submit them provisionally in the form of subtracts or analytical summaries in the languages concerned, in accordance with the time limits set;
Although the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that it did not use the term “official language”, [signalons] [it should be emphasized] that, when the WIPO General Assembly considered a report entitled “Use of Portuguese as a working language” (WO/GA/26/1), at its September-October 2000 session, it recalled the decision taken by the governing bodies to “the Portuguese language” in 1979 to read “the work of WIPO”.
Such an exercise could be carried out in the context of an inventory of staff language knowledge, which should itself be part of the regular data provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or on human resources management.
It is also said that the time frame for translation is in addition to the normal deadlines for implementation.
For example, the peer review process of the Development Assistance Committee of the Economic Development Cooperation Organization could be expanded to include trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed in the Human Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement comprehensive programmes of study, including on human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention with a view to changing stereotypical attitudes about the roles of men and women, in particular to promote acceptance of the idea that the education of children is a social responsibility of both mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators to accommodate school dropouts and teenage pregnancies in national fertility surveys had been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that it had expressed following its consideration of the third periodic report concerning the law on the 300-day period of virginity imposed on a widow or divorced woman before remarriage.
The Committee recommends that the State party take further measures to facilitate the reconciliation of family and professional responsibilities and to promote the equitable sharing of domestic and family tasks between men and women.
The Committee is concerned that there is no systematic collection of data on violence against women, including domestic violence.
According to the Banking Act (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) A fine of $500,000 if it is a legal person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press release on the occasion of the exchange of correspondence relating to the visits of Argentina to South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, in which they stated, inter alia, that:
The facts and history of the contracts in relation to this project were discussed in paragraphs 304 to 312.
This amount includes (a) USD 2,300,392 for work done and materials allegedly delivered at the project site and (b) USD 1,457,674 for retention monies.
The evidence shows that the work to which the last decomplies were performed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the MIE Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation of the departure of its employees from Iraq, for which the project assets were left without monitoring.
No further deduction was made after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Iraqi customs authorities never cancelled the remaining portion of the fines (IQD 348,000) that they had paid to the Consortium.
In short, the Committee intends to shorten these reports and recommendations, wherever possible, thereby reducing the cost of their translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, with regard to the follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits, the Council must play a central role in monitoring concrete progress towards the various goals established by those conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which Heads of State and Government committed themselves to making every effort to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol enters into force and to begin to implement the required reductions in greenhouse gas emissions,
That suggestion had not been accepted, but it was to be hoped that the authors would wish to consider whether a less frequent examination would not suffice in the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of the Interior and Spatial Planning of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed in the Executive Council to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore intended to provide the Committee with the necessary resources to carry out its tasks.
It cannot be justified in any way that such smuggling is tolerated, whose repercussions are still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to the promotion of the equitable use of ocean resources and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to follow-up to the Millennium Summit, mention should be made of the Secretary-General's observation in his report that the goals could be achieved if, by 2015, we maintain and build momentum over the past three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, there can be no more important or more noble goal than the eradication of poverty.
A death in suspicious conditions that have not been clarified has been recorded in the Mape detention camp, where Liberian combatants are immobilized to seek refuge in Sierra Leone.
While the recovery of heavy weapons has begun in Mazar-e-Sharif, the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration will start only in early January in order to allow sufficient time to verify the four divisions in the area as well as the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers who are supposed to participate in the operation, two times more than in the Kunduz and Gardez pilot phases.
However, these means should not be available before the beginning of the summer of 2004, when five provincial reconstruction teams in northern Afghanistan are expected to pass under the command of ISAF.
Activities for which larger core resources should be made available include:
UNIFEM strategies
Ten-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on women, peace and security (S/2002/1154); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Experts Assessment on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Role in Peace-building (UNIFEM, 2002); Not a minute to lose to end violence against women (UNIFEM, 2003).
The Panel believes that these illicit imports of Serbian weapons have significantly increased the fire power of the Government of Liberia in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations aid agencies are currently establishing five regional hubs in Saclepea (Nimba County), Voinjama ( Lofa County), Gbarnga-Phbe (Bong County), Harper ( Maryland County) and Zwedru (Grand Gedeh County) where they provide humanitarian assistance within the country.
Charles Taylor was exercising control over all high-profit, licit or illicit industries in Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral agencies
The weakening of Islamist groups would have been due to the improvement of the economic situation, the opportunities offered by power, social resistance, especially that of the elites claiming freedom and democracy, but also to the action of the law enforcement forces, both and so that the monks appear to have lost their attraction in many young people.
Today, according to the Ministry of Religious Affairs, there are 11,941 operating mosques, of which 1,844 are expected to be completed and 1,079 are being implemented.
The working papers prepared by major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report to the Commission on the work of the Committee on Energy at its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) ESCWA member States will support efforts to encourage the use of information and communication technologies to improve competitiveness and productivity; (b) there will be sufficient information infrastructure and applications to support the creation of networks and connectivity; and (c) member States will follow up on the World Summit.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam was a religion of tolerance; Shari'a was perfectly compatible with human rights.
In particular, the aim was to define effective filtering algorithms and runways in the firing window, as the combination of the problem was high.
In collaboration with researchers from Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (United States) and the Imperial College in London, the Natural History Museum continued to assess in situ analysis techniques of particles caught in a silice asteroid.
The main development challenges should be linked to the equipment of attachment, its attitude and orbit correction system and its guidance, navigation and control components necessary for the secure approach of uncontrolled and unpredictable objects.
At least two disillusionmentations (a Ekran satellite and a titan gun) occurred on the geostationary orbit, but the corresponding fragments have not been identified, which means that their orbits are unknown.
Item 3.
“The Security Council supports the commitment of the Afghan Interim Administration to eradicate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement the decrees prohibiting the cultivation, production and transformation of the opium poppy, including illicit drug trafficking and drug abuse.
The list of these issues was presented by the author during UNCTAD's 2002 meeting in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not contradictory but rather complementary and interdependent.
• Regional security functions
Minimum Requirements for medically assisted treatment of drug abusers
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9, 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered quadrennial reports deferred from previous sessions, under agenda item 4.
The secretariat would prepare a draft letter-holder to be circulated to the members of the working group.
In terms of content development, emphasis is placed on the design of products and services in languages, formats and formats that allow for dissemination and optimal use by broadcasters and users.
• In order to expand its outreach, the Regional Information Centre will work closely with the offices of resident coordinators in countries where they exist and may enter into partnerships with national institutions and organizations, such as United Nations Associations.
Phase 2 ended on 4 February 2002 with the entry into operation of the new multilingual system, which fully exploits the multilingual capacity of the Lotus Notes environment, allowing users to choose among the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity regarding the law and practice governing custody, the duration of such a detention and access to a lawyer during the detention.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Advisory Commission on Human Rights to function, in accordance with the Principles relating to the Status of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (“Paris Principles”), as set out in United Nations General Assembly resolution 48/134.
Information on the measures taken by the authorities to prosecute perpetrators of trafficking, as well as more specific information on the number of victims and the number of children benefiting from protection, repatriation and reintegration measures, should be included in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements and the biennial support budget are fully aligned with the four-year clarification period.
Ms. Shin wished to congratulate Mexico on having organized the first world conference on women in 1975 and had ratified the Convention and the Optional Protocol very early.
Gender equality is of particular importance in economic and social development.
Accordingly, the main objectives of UNISPACE III were:
The Ministry of Justice has received requests for registration from more than 100 parties.
Examples of initiatives to strengthen the capacity of LDCs in the implementation of the principles of good governance include the funding by the United Kingdom Department for International Development of a programme for local government reform in the United Republic of Tanzania; the support provided by the G8 to the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which includes 34 LDCs; Italy's participation in the African Regional Centre for Technical Assistance;
A number of donors — such as Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom — have announced additional debt relief and, in view of the inadequacy of the HIPC Trust Fund's reserves, some have decided to increase their contributions to the Fund, and the Government of Morocco has announced the cancellation of the debt of African LDCs and the free admission of their exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his latest report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243) and the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
Relations with Jakarta have normalized; militia members based in West Timor are, in our view, largely demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I wish to emphasize that, as the Secretary-General has rightly said, the lasting stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of the Timorese leadership to the rule of law and its continued efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism has been installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
The general debate will be broadcast live on the Web and archived for viewing on request at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity referred to by the Turkish representative is only one — and I am working here on the terminology of the European Code of Human Rights and subordinate local administration of Turkey, and nothing else.
The European Anti-racist Football Network also organizes, on an annual basis, in Monecchio, Italy, the Anti-racist World Cup, a cultural and sporting event that brings together non-European professional artists and footprint belonging to migrant communities.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Panel discussion on “Reducing the risks posed by biological weapons”
Article 34 Accounting offences
(b) If both spouses are staff members of the Secretariat, only one of the members of the couple may be eligible for dependent children under subparagraph (a) (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (a) above; the other may then rely on the provisions of subparagraph (iii) above if otherwise eligible;
Discussion of this issue resulted in a discussion of measures to enhance transparency in the field of small arms.
Given the importance of partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, the meeting called for more such initiatives and encouraged potential partners to engage in the region.
Annex II to the Staff Regulations - education grant and special education grant
Annex III
(ii) Matters relating to registries under Article 7, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions regarding the Middle East of the 2000 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons;
Seriously concerned at the discrimination and violations of the rights of the girl child, all of which are often less likely than boys to have access to education, adequate nutrition and physical and mental health care, are less affected by the rights, opportunities and benefits of childhood and adolescence, and are often subject to various forms of harmful cultural, social, sexual and economic exploitation,
Emphasizing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should constitute the standard for the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, and recognizing the importance of the optional protocols to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on children engaged in armed conflict and on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing and ratifying or acceding to the Optional Protocols to the Convention concerning children in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography,3 and urges them to implement them fully;
Convinced that collective action is more successful, it believes that all nations in a position to do so should contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
These include the management of mine action data and standards.
I did not intend to prejudge the intentions of the high-level panel of eminent personalities on United Nations reform, but, in my view, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is envisaged in peacekeeping mandates and, if necessary, included in them.
See generally Best Practices in Poverty Reduction: An Analytical Framework, Else Øyer (ed.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, at the earliest possible date of the closure of the session of the Commission, chapter II of the report of the Commission containing summaries of the work of the session, chapter III containing the items on which the comments of States would be of particular interest to the Commission, and the draft articles adopted by the Commission on first or second reading;
During the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers undertook, under the Charter, to ensure that the Territories under their administration reached an appropriate level of self-government.
The Chairman: If no other delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee shall hold in 2003, within existing resources, at least one session of 10 working days, prior to the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
One of the outcomes of the meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation policies and legislation.
Chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now in urgent need of international assistance and support.
Saint Lucia, which presides over this Assembly, is establishing a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the competent support of your Caribbean Community neighbours.
What will be the result of this in the cruel industries and the emerging industries of poor countries?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that what has happened in Iraq — yesterday's atrocities, reconstruction today — is a tragic historical event and that the international community must promote that reconstruction and be with us at this time.
Mr. Hu paid tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, pointing out that, although China had not signed it, that had not prevented it from engaging and cooperating with the signatory countries.
Of the 250,000 people who have reportedly died in war-related circumstances since 1989, at least half of them would be civilian non-combatants.
(f) To facilitate the free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and goods throughout Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In the event of an infringement of women's rights of any kind in employment, the person concerned has the right to apply to the court in accordance with the Civil Procedure Code.
There are several non-governmental organizations working on family planning issues in Latvia.
Despite these efforts, the Group has been handicapped in its work by a number of factors, including its low strength, its low operating budget and the division of the country, as well as by the alignment of many media outlets with the positions of either side and the fragmented nature of information infrastructure outside the capital.
Despite this, the Assembly still has difficulty in refuting the charge that it does not fulfil its mandate under the Charter of the United Nations.
It is therefore encouraging — in view of the commitment to complete phase II of the weapons disposal plan by 24 December 2002, as planned — that the plan of action to complete weapons collection was adopted at the Buka meeting on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key to progress in the peace process, in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998 on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 57/291 of 20 December 2002,
This is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by an international organization within its competence and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
Naturally, this should be done under the supervision of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): Let me begin by thanking you, Mr. President, for organizing this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that action should be taken with caution.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal is ready to assist the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, in their best endeavours.
The Committee's recommendations complement the efforts of intergovernmental bodies and processes, including the high-level summits and conferences that have taken place since the submission of the last report in 2001, such as the World Summit on Sustainable Development held in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development held in Monterrey in March 2002.
Because of their geographical and economic isolation and marginalization, they are often more vulnerable than others to violence, particularly domestic violence, and trafficking.
Africa II Division
Fourteen countries benefited from assistance equal to or above $4 million.
The members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was indispensable, and that Angola should seek to resolve specific humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea): Thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this meeting.
I believe that, starting at the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly well placed to develop and strengthen Bougainville's technical and other capacities.
With the support of the Yugoslav People's Army, the Serbian forces took control of parts of Western Slavonia and Eastern Slavonia, which eventually brought these territories into one State, the “Republika Republika Srpska Krajina”.
Combating desertification is an important element of sustainable development in addition to being an environmental problem.
This cooperation brings together individuals and enterprises in developing countries and helps to attract domestic and foreign investment for the strengthening and modernization of productive capacity, which increases the competitiveness of the manufacturing sector in developing countries.
For our part, Jordan rejects all evil lies and sinister campaigns aimed at denigrating Arabs and Muslims as terrorists.
There is, behind the pre-war and still controversial debates, a sharp unease in the distribution of power on the international scene that emerged after the cold war.
Suicide attacks targeting innocent civilians must end, and the occupation of Arab lands must cease.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly regain its primacy in the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council be more visible and relevant to ordinary people.
Emphasizes the need to establish a transitional administration in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations and governed by the United Nations, in order to ensure stability and create the conditions necessary for lasting peace and respect for human rights.
As to the follow-up to paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future courses would welcome more participants should be welcomed.
The review process was not intended to renegotiate the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that policy indicators, whether at the national or international levels, were more difficult to define than specific performance indicators such as certain types of technical assistance.
In the context of the establishment of new mechanisms, the issue of stable flows should be given sufficient attention.
Such errors noted in the report, which might seem superficial, were in reality serious and fundamental if they were to be dealt with in a political context.
He warned the representative that, whatever the historical references he chose to do, he needed to compare the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been exiled, with current political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
H. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and admission of observers 29 - 30 7
Decides to amend the statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal with effect from 1 January 2004:
Assistance to developing countries in their multilateral trade negotiations on services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution had been recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General hereby transmits to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization in response to Economic and Social Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998 and 53/200 of the General Assembly of 15 December 1998.
Representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of major industrial associations and non-governmental groups also attended.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) When transactions have been carried out with or by natural or legal persons residing in countries that do not cooperate with the International Financial Action Task Force (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, established the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa in Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and at the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, environmentally sound social and economic policies, democratic institutions responsive to the needs of people, the supremacy of law, anti-corruption measures, gender equality and an enabling environment for investment are the basis for sustainable development and are essential for the provision of adequate housing as an adequate standard of the right to life;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is due to the gradual downsizing of the civilian police from 3,055 in July 2004 to 2,195 in June 2005.
The report concluded that the combination of evaluation based on diverse assessments and a multisectoral approach was productive.
Emphasizes that all future and existing peacekeeping missions shall be given equal and non-discriminatory treatment in respect of financial and administrative arrangements;
The officers, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (Oman), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Malevich (Belarus), Vice-Chairperson-cum-Rapporteur.
Insolvency law
I would also like to express our thanks to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his very useful comments on the contribution of ECOSOC to the peace process.
Model provision 51 is approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations at the nineteenth session of the Programme and Budget Committee held recently, the Director-General entrusted the Director-General of the Programme Development and Technical Cooperation Division with the task of further strengthening evaluation and developing appropriate performance indicators.
Before replicating it in other integrated programmes and adopting this combined approach as a standard methodology of UNIDO, the indicator framework is currently being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions to be adopted by the Council
Annex II
The Hydril claim relates to six contracts with INOC for the sale of items for use in oil fields in Iraq.
Although the basis for such comparisons is not perfect, as has already been mentioned, the evidence that UNIDO bears a disproportionate responsibility for managing all VIC buildings is sufficiently convincing.
NEPAD promotes subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations was clearly related to the late formulation of a reservation, and therefore the restrictions adopted in the latter case (Guidelines 2.3.1 to 2.3.3) should be transposed to cases of appreciation of the scope of reservations, which also reflected the current practice, including the current practice.
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposed a definition of objections taking into account theoretical considerations and the study of practice.
When landfills are properly sealed, the risk of oil contamination in the underlying waters is inflexible.
Please describe any legislative and/or administrative measures taken to implement this travel ban.
The procedures for the import and export of arms are dealt with in the replies to questions 22 and 23 and any activity other than those provided for in these procedures is considered an offence under the applicable criminal law.
Space-space:
Table 1 contains a list of space systems devoted to sustainable development.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): For 11 years, the General Assembly of the United Nations has adopted resolutions calling on all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and to abide by the principles contained in international legal instruments, by repealing or invalidating all laws and measures with extraterritorial effects, which affect the sovereignty of other States, the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction.
Castro remains stubbornly opposed to any political opening and continues to deny the Cuban people the most basic rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Asset Disposal Unit would be expected to develop with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council on the subject
Upon reaching 9.10 a.m., the inspectors met with the Director of the warehouses and asked whether any changes had been made in the past four years.
A ceiling of 24 per cent and a floor rate of 0.01 per cent will be used for the preparation of the scale of assessments of States Parties for the budget of the Tribunal (see para.
At the Twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was agreed that the Tribunal should continue to proceed in accordance with its current practice with respect to staff assessment, pending the adoption of a decision based on a detailed proposal to be submitted by the Tribunal to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the aforementioned Act provides for separate protection for persons who organize or participate in the strike, provided that the movement is organized in accordance with the rule of law.
Equal access to public higher education provides an incentive for high school students to continue their education by encouraging them to achieve good results at the secondary level.
As a result, phenomena such as soil erosion and the extinction of plant and animal species in some quarters (forests, rivers and lakes) could hinder the harmonious development of Montenegro, which in turn means that the current level of poverty could continue.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and is being implemented.
In accordance with ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 concerning Social Security (Minimum Standards), insured persons who have contributed for less than 20 years acquire the right to retire at the age of 65 for men and 60 for women after 15 years of contributions.
See table 18, annex.
The European Union stresses the importance of the rapid deployment of the international stabilization force/interposition force.
Have you encountered any problems of implementation relating to the submission of names and identifying information currently on the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly*
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Non-Applicability of War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity of 26 November 1968 must be able, in this case, to apply fully as those, when justified, of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have international safeguards for the protection of children, but they are not successful.
This attitude should be repudiated by the Security Council, as it is cynical, anachronistic and constitutes an act of violation of the agreed ceasefire and truce.
Concerned about the fate of many Kuwaiti and third-country nationals who have disappeared since 2 August 1990,
(We hope that the principle of gender equality will be implemented.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly,
The discussion of this theme today is therefore an absolute necessity and is very much about it.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement in explanation of position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear any objection, I shall put the draft resolution to the vote now.
Under sub-item 117 (b):
The Panel also considered several claims for business losses allegedly caused by Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
b Excluding the amount of USD 2,174,379.83 for business losses sustained by Kuwaiti companies, for consideration by the “E4” Panels in accordance with Governing Council decision 123.
Stresses the need to fight for wider acceptance of the realization and realization of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to formulate the necessary actions and establish the necessary measures for the implementation of the right to development as a fundamental human right;
Human rights developments since the signing of the Peace Accords
That is why the next Government urgently needs to build on the successes of police officers, judges, prosecutors and human rights activists whose dedication and courage are the basis for reform.
There is still no comprehensive global definition of universal human rights obligations that correspond to the right to education.
The truth about the events in Khodjali
This reference to international organizations has motivated the inclusion in article 2, paragraph 1 (i), of the following definition for the purposes of the Convention:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered the preliminary outline and introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Introduction)).
In order to review the new priorities, it was first necessary to identify obsolete activities.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections were held in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly, which established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of 1983, which currently governs the institutional life of the nation.
Decisions concerning the next meeting of the Committee on Budget and Finance, including dates and venue.
Improving and modernizing the conference facilities of the United Nations Office at Nairobi so that it can provide a good venue for important meetings and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance, for the effective guarantee and observance of human rights, of the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and embodied in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “National research on space debris, safety of space objects with nuclear power sources and problems relating to their collision with space debris” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on “Perspects for the Use of Nuclear Power Sources in Outer Space” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.265/Add.1).
Space object function: The satellite is used for commercial and defence telecommunications.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also urges all Member States that have not yet done so to impose on financial institutions the appropriate implementation of comprehensive precautionary and vigilance programmes that can promote transparency and prevent the placement of illicitly acquired funds;
We very much appreciate the initiative taken by the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global assessment mechanism for the marine environment, based on a previous General Assembly resolution, resolution 57/141, and the report of the Secretary-General this year, which is now reflected in draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a mechanism for transparent and regular inter-agency cooperation and coordination within the United Nations system to fill the gap left by the abolition of the Subcommittee on Oceans and Coastal Areas.
By ratifying the Convention, we affirmed our belief in the application of the rule of law to the world's oceans.
The results of the project, including specific recommendations on minimizing risks to biodiversity resulting from mining activities to the funds of the oceans, will be forwarded by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the upward adjustment in the base/floor salary scale, the Commission noted that the issue of possible adjustments to staff assessment rates to address imbalances in the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the United Nations Secretariat, which had indicated that no immediate adjustments were required.
On 20 September, the arbitrary arrest of the members of a humanitarian commission composed of NGOs, women's plants and the Office of the Ombudsman of Valle del Cauca was reportedly carried out, who travelled to Cali to support the march of the Cauca peasants.
Mention should be made of the adoption of Act No. 747 of 2002, which, inter alia, criminalizes trafficking in persons.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda*
Such support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute in the long term to poverty reduction.
The experience of the United Nations itself shows that, in most cases, the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is shaped and structured by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of conflict resolution.
In addition, disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes for ex-combatants must be implemented, arms trafficking, particularly small arms, the return of refugees and internally displaced persons and the promotion of human rights.
However, at this stage of our debate, I would like to make a few remarks, first of all a comment on developments in the work of our Council.
It is enough to examine some of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from one post-conflict situation to another.
Before addressing the role of the United Nations in post-conflict situations, I would like to make a comment on these conflicts themselves.
We firmly believe that, in order to be credible and effective, the Council must enjoy the full confidence and support of the international community.
He also stressed that the Charter must be the basis for ensuring the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network has demonstrated how various partners of the international community can work together to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for lead countries of the Youth Employment Network*
Opening of the session
The preparatory work shall indicate, with regard to paragraph 2 (a) of that article, that a State Party may choose to establish procedures for either recognizing and enforcing a foreign decision to freeze or seize, or to use such a decision to seek a freezing or seizure order from its own authorities.
Governments have used security legislation to justify censorship of certain human rights information and to retaliate against defenders.
Effects estimate: Several Parties provided estimates of the effects of different transport sector policies (Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, European Community, Estonia, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and United Kingdom).
Policies and measures with broader objectives than the only response to climate change: The most commonly reported policies in the agricultural sector fall within this category.
Policies and measures to combat the emissions of CH4 from enteric fermentation of animal origin are focused on the reduction of livestock warheads through the reduction of the number of national livestock and the intensification of cultural practices combined with an increase in yields per capita, the reduction of porcin livestock (Belgium), the decrease in livestock livestock (Slovakia) and research programmes specifically aimed at studying the means of studying the country.
The 2003 special session on the budget of the UNICEF Executive Board will be held on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth network, which relates to renewable energy sources, is expected to be launched by the end of 2003.
Such networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
Today's vocabulary offers terms such as “real time” or “Internet relites”, as if any delay in transmission and processing of information is a serious impediment to the information, or in any case has seriously undermined it.
All countries that measure certain economic functions share a common focus on the fact that the study function is within the enterprise or is performed between several enterprises.
Many of the measures that have been taken over the past few years would have been impossible without advances in concepts and definitions by the practitioners of the OECD Working Group on Information Society Indicators.
Finally, the Secretariat should indicate the proportion of extrabudgetary resources allocated to each of the sections in the previous four bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi) with the following paragraph:
In Ghana, the prevalence rate of HIV/AIDS of 3.4 per cent has not declined over the past two years, although it is lower than that of other countries in the West African region, where rates range from 5 per cent to 11 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific in terms of commitments and expenditures.
In that context, it is gratifying to recall the direction we have set in Tunisia since the change of 7 November 1987, which has identified, among the priorities, the entrenchment of human rights, in their various dimensions and in their holistic approach and which includes the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
hegemonic ambitions impose an unviable obligation on the smaller countries of the region to commit high military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, Iraqis began to recover with the help of their allies and friends, and they look forward to the assistance of the international community, under the auspices of the United Nations.
If the table does not indicate a conservativeness factor for any source category, a factor should be used for a category with similar characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 to read:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect the human rights of all persons in all their situations;
Decides to continue its consideration of this question at its sixtieth session under the agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms in any part of the world”.
We also welcome the appointment of Mr. Jacques Klein as Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
From this point of view, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the level of economic and social development, but also political, which would enable it to consider the problem of final status in an immediate future.
In particular, the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Kosovo Assembly is a good sign.
Such a transfer is of vital importance.
In Kosovo, therefore, much work remains to be done.
The continuation of the Kosovo Protection Corps in this form is likely to destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of post structure in the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the scenario proposed by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by the United Nations under a contract for hire-purchase upon the expiry of which it would become a owner of the building and the ground on which it would be built;
Decides to consider further the conference and support services to be provided to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003, in the light of the Security Council's review of the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
Businesses are increasingly being pushed to report on their potential impacts on society and how they manage them.
The text of its statement on the remaining five reports, covering the entire system, will be communicated to delegations in due course.
One of the areas of activity that have evolved significantly in recent years is the documentation for ships' crews.
Section III of the Criminal Code, entitled “Offences against individual liberty”, provides in article 151, that anyone who deprives another person of his or her liberty by unlawful means shall be punished by a term of six months to three years' imprisonment; if the act includes the use of threat, abuse or grievance, or if committed in a spirit of vengeance or gain, or if it results in serious harm to health.
Various regulations and laws apply to each component of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, to the extent possible, the names of individuals or entities associated with Usama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida whose names are not included in the list, unless disclosure of such information jeopardizes investigations or implementation measures.
The main strategic commitment of South Africa in the Middle East conflict, as clearly demonstrated by the Presidential Peace Seminar of Spier, is to strengthen the peace camps in Israel and Palestine; to share the South African experience with a wide range of civil society and with the Governments of Israel and Palestine; to contribute to the reform process in Palestine and to support international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the military component of UNAMIR was completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative staff also had to leave the Mission area on that date, in accordance with the wishes expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources contacted, about 60 per cent of Liberian territory was under rebel control;
10 032954
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community committed itself to sharing the responsibility to reduce the social and environmental vulnerability of the region (primarily to the process); to rebuild and transform Central America in accordance with the integrated principles of transparency and good governance; to consolidate democracy and good governance; to strengthen the decentralization process, with the active participation of civil society; to promote respect for human rights (permanent objective) with particular attention to gender equality.
During the reporting period, the Council considered many issues of major concern for the maintenance of international peace and security, in Europe, Asia, particularly in the Middle East, Oceania and in Africa.
With regard to security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that sporadic fighting in the north, in the south-east and to a lesser extent in the western part of the country constituted threats.
They called for the expansion of the membership of the Security Council so that it can regain its legitimacy, be more representative of and better reflect the state of world geopolitical.
I have the honour to refer to the letter addressed to President Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 regarding the application by Judge Navanethem Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to seek an extension of his mandate to the Tribunal until the so-called Media case, which is expected to go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention paid to the situation of women and girls and the mainstreaming of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of and in the follow-up to the major conferences, special sessions and summits, and reaffirming its commitment to build on the progress achieved,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the Chairman of the Commission at its twelfth session should come from the Group of Eastern European States and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee recommends against this post for the reasons stated in the general report.
Ms. Acar said that the Committee's concern about raising the age of marriage for the reunification of families was a necessary consequence of its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether special measures had been taken, such as childcare and separate classes, to encourage immigrant women to attend Danish courses.
Over the past two decades, governance has become a concern for developed countries as well as for developing countries, especially as they all face the same types of problems at the beginning of a century, although at different levels: corruption, constitutional crisis, economic stagnation, ethnic conflict and growing crime.
Organization of the work of the session
Requests the administering Power to cooperate in the development of programmes specifically aimed at promoting the development of viable economic activities and enterprises, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
THE SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE DISARMAMENT TO THE CONFERENCE, TRANSITION ON THE INFORMATION RELATED INFORMATION RELATED SIGNING THE SIGNATIFICATION OF THE SIGNATIFICATION OF THE SIGNATURE, LE 18 SEPTEMBER 2003
Emphasizes the importance of simplification and harmonization of requests for reports from the United Nations system to Member States, and urges the relevant agencies and bodies of the United Nations system, in consultation with Member States, to adopt simplified and harmonized methodologies and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and upon request, in the preparation of reports based on national data and statistics;
“The Government of India has previously instructed the State of Karnataka to leave the country's order to leave with regard to Father Francois Marie Godest.
Technology had a role to play in expanding access to information, particularly that of geographic information systems, which, in the form of databases and software tools, could improve access to information for planning, logistics (e.g., evacuation routes) and other purposes, enable understanding and prediction of phenomena and address problems in geographical space, and facilitate public participation.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now have the pleasure to deliver on the words I am convinced that we all want to hear: we have now completed our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I have been conducting a number of bilateral, group or open-ended consultations in Geneva and New York last December.
The view was expressed that liberal policies against the abuse of cannabis constituted not only a threat to public health but also ran counter to the efforts of developing countries, which were making considerable efforts and resources to reduce cannabis cultivation on their territory.
In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Office has initiated several public debates and consultations on legislative reforms relating to the status of women in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 girls have benefited from this fund.
The first promotion of 116 teachers is expected to obtain the final degree in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector are to increase the life expectancy of all Guyana, to reduce disparities among social groups, to improve access to care and quality of care, and to ensure that health services are affordable.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations on remedies, including a bill to ensure that lawyers are held accountable to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary steps to promote and broaden cooperation and coordination between the secretariats of the two organizations in order to enable them to better achieve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnologies, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, participants emphasized in particular the importance of coordination to avoid duplication of efforts.
The distance-learning programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations were cooperating with staff from various ministries and agencies involved in the fight against AIDS and lessons learned were then disseminated throughout the country.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that it associated itself with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department suggests that the problem could be solved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 to 57/128 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) Sharing information among law enforcement agencies in sensitive areas or disputed border areas; joint border control and customs control activities;
This form of integration was highlighted in the commitments made by the participants at the Copenhagen Summit and at the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme State Monitoring Body oversees the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of State funds by the organs of the central and local government and the economic activities of legal persons with more than half of the shares or actions of the State (articles 162 to 165 of the Constitution).
Having also considered the attached letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council dated 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia addressed to the President of the Security Council,
If necessary, it would also monitor operational, financial and personnel matters relating to MINUGUA.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Missiles”.
Those who have ordered and perpetrated these crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nicanor Duarte Frutos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan stated that it had concluded bilateral extradition treaties with 27 States, including terrorist acts defined as extraditable offences, and that more than 450 alleged terrorists had been extradited under those treaties.
Such activities are currently being carried out with the Commonwealth Secretariat in drafting legislative guides, with the Organization of American States in support of the activities of the Office in Haiti and with the OSCE.
Thematic communications campaigns
A senior official of the Department travelled to Brussels in June to review the preliminary arrangements with competent officials of the Belgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed hub site.
The meeting offered a useful opportunity to exchange views among staff of the Department of Public Information working at Headquarters and their colleagues in the field offices, as well as several external guests, on how to manage the transition from regionalization to its implementation.
The official position of the United Nations on matters that make great strides is communicated by the Office of the Spokesperson through press briefings, official statements, interviews and briefings.
Anyone who incites pasture or other livestock presumptions, without the permission of its owners, or of grasslands around forests that provide water villages, even belonging to individuals, is liable to 6 to 18 months' imprisonment.
The average vacancy rates for the Professional and higher categories in several sections of the budget (5-16, 19 and 22) were higher than the budgeted rates, which were due, inter alia, to delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, separation and temporary placement at higher levels (A/58/558, para.
Within the meaning of the Penal Code, the term “recruitment” means that a third party is required to perform an act, which is not in itself punishable by law.
In Swiss law, there are numerous criminal norms applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (Annex 1 to Switzerland's first report of 19 December 2001 contains a list of such offences).
On 1 January 2002, the Act to Improve the Protection of Civil Courts in the Event of Acts of Violence and Unintentional Impairment, as well as to facilitate the allocation of marital housing in the event of separation (Gesetz zur Verbesserung des zivilgerichtlichen Schutzes benei Gewalttten und Nachstellungen sowie zur Erleichterungerungerung
This is applicable only if the person was insured in the Federal Employment Service before receiving maternity benefits or starting to raise children, or in cases where unemployment or unemployment assistance has ceased to be paid.
A balanced participation of women and men in the political apparatus has not yet been achieved.
In addition, in the face of increasing numbers of divorces, women can no longer rely on the survivor's pension;
Part II contains a description of the measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
Also in this area, the Federal Government's plan of action provides for a series of measures to improve the situation of data by revamping the criminal statistics of the police and conducting a representative survey on violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children, held in Yokohama in December 2001, it became clear that there was a greater awareness of the problems of sexual exploitation of children and that many measures had been taken.
This decision seeks to prevent and combat the production, treatment, distribution and possession of child pornography on the Internet.
- Offenders - differentiating rather than generalizing;
6.4 Judicial proceedings initiated against Germans who have committed sexual violence abroad
The previous regulations on the right to custody and the right to visit did not provide for the right to custody of unmarried parents.
- Manual for Municipal Equality Activities in Sax, drawn up by the Ministry of State for Equality of Women and Men (Saxis);
- Obligation for all the services of the Land and Local Authorities, as well as for all other legal persons subject to the supervision of the Free State of Saxe under the Act, to promote the equal participation of women and men (section 15 of the Saxe Law on the Advancement of Women (SächsFG) of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of the Saxe (SächsGVBI), p.
Social assistance, civil commitment
Gleichberechtigungskonzet “ Konzept für die Förderung der gleichberechtigten Betiligung von Frauen und Männern am Entwicklungsprozess”
The only solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which is becoming increasingly serious, has been the implementation of the road map drawn up by the Quartet, as has been said, in the statement made by the Quartet at its last meeting in New York.
The issue before us highlights the fragility of the situation and the importance of defining a more comprehensive peace agreement for the entire Middle East region.
Article 8 Exchange of information and documents
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as in the past two years, the discussion, instead of focusing on the annual theme, would focus on the High Commissioner's opening statement.
Programme, administrative and financial matters
1997-present Member of the International Association of Prosecutors.
These measures should enable the tracing and control of firearms holders.
Women and girls who are victims of such trafficking are subjected to acts of violence and face serious human rights violations.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibn Chambas Executive Secretary
Moreover, since the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular staff from the scope of the study, the logic was to ensure that officials of international organizations were also excluded.
Administrative and financial matters 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not relent and that we will continue to move forward, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/227, entitled “Further measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic, social and related fields”.
We also join previous speakers in thanking the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields” (A/58/359).
The national malaria policy and strategy plan was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to involve local governments, civil society and the private sector in the development and implementation of road safety policies.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of implementing the proposals of the Secretary-General, contained in his report on the Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and to establish an ad hoc informal working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss measures for the peaceful settlement of disputes that may be brought to the attention of the Council or to be brought to the attention of the Council at short notice.
When the Security Council is in a position to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, with regard to the cessation of wars and the promotion of peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of regional peace and security, the international community can no doubt invest greater hope in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
That balance must be said to be the main responsibility of the parties themselves, even if they can resort to external intervention to help them resolve their differences.
We must strongly reaffirm our commitment to the rule of law in relations among States and thus to the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of jurisdictional channels.
(a) Take measures to protect students from violence, bodily harm or ill-treatment, including sexual violence and intimidation in schools, establish complaint mechanisms that are accessible to children, and promptly investigate all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly, by 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), including:
In addition, the Council is reviewing the accountability system, which has served as an inter-agency coordination mechanism following the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-Chairperson, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem closely linked to other global problems that are at the heart of the Organization's mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, as well as each party to an armed conflict, marks and removes, removes or destroys explosive remnants of war in the affected territories under its control.
Welcoming the continued cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and other organizations working in the field of competition law and policy, in particular the commitment made at the Fourth WTO Ministerial Conference in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Awais
The deployment of MINUCI is well under way, with a first group of 26 liaison officers arriving in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new communications strategy is being prepared for the World Summit on the Information Society to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The intervention of the United Nations system in East Timor has been a particularly interesting and lessons-learned experiment to confirm its positive results and to avoid any recurrence in the future.
Work began in May 2000 and the document was distributed in November 2000 and was prepared and approved by UNTAET.
Albania*, Algeria, Andorra*, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh*, Belarus*, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina*, Brazil, Bulgaria*, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic*, Denmark*, Ecuador*, Finland*, France, Georgia*, Germany*, Greece*, Guatemala, Hungary*, Iceland*, Italy*, Japan, Liechtenstein*, Luxembourg*, Mexico, Morocco*, Nicaragua*, New Zealand*, Norway*, Panama*, Spain*, Netherlands*, Poland, Portugal*, Romania*,
In the preamble to this instrument, States Parties declare that they “determined to stop the suffering and loss of life caused by anti-personnel mines that kill or maimed hundreds of people every week, for most innocent and defenceless civilians, in particular children, impede economic development and reconstruction, prevent the repatriation of refugees and internally displaced persons, and have other serious consequences for years after their establishment”.
Allow me to thank all delegations for encouraging me in my efforts and consultations, and I would also like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and all members of the secretariat for their effective assistance.
It was in that context that the close links between man-portable air defence systems and small arms were discussed.
We call on coalition forces to achieve this essential objective and to strengthen coordination with relevant international bodies and institutions in order to enable the country to return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of an international fund for Iraqi higher education in order to provide assistance, both immediate and long-term, for the rehabilitation of higher education in Iraq.
We have noted the Secretary-General's call for a revamping of our institutions by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this topic will, in fact, depend on the degree of objectivity of our approach and the realism of the proposed actions.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has declined, their role in the national strategies of some countries has not been drastically reduced.
I strongly believe that for all countries in East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and that we are all of the view that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interest of none of the countries in East Asia.
Mr. PETÖCZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that the Group supported that idea.
First, the analysis of Security Council resolutions, unilateral statements by the nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones shows that security assurances are generally accompanied by reservations by the nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDERS (Netherlands): Mr. President, even if this meeting is already the last President, I believe that this is the first time I have taken the floor since assuming that office.
Emphasizes the importance of developing the human resources and institutional capacities of indigenous people to find solutions to their problems by themselves;
The Committee shall consider and approve the financial statements and reports on the audit of these statements, together with such observations as it deems appropriate.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial provisions.
It is also important to stress that the current level of aid is insufficient.
In our view, it is important at this stage that national demining strategies be put in place to ensure an effective decision-making process on short-, medium- and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has established the Lebanese National Demining Bureau and has established, with the assistance of the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, the South Lebanon Mine Action Coordination Centre.
We can do this through a protocol annexed to the Convention and taking into account the security interests of countries while helping us to eliminate old mines, which, like new ones, destroy lives and property and impede efforts to put an end to desertification, achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
As of June 2003, pledges to the Fund amounted to only $4.7 billion, while overall expenditure was estimated at about $10.5 billion a year to effectively implement prevention, treatment, care and support programmes.
Country offices
Credit line - Definition similar to those contained in the Financial Regulations of UNDP, UNFPA and UNICEF
In considering items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of children), 115 (Elimination of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will include a dialogue among its members and special rapporteurs and representatives who will report on their activities.
Today there are some 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
While human rights conventions were essential instruments, it was also necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Panel endorses this decision and fixed the date of loss for Palestinian late category “C” claims as at 2 August 1990.
Recognizing that domestic violence against women involves human rights,
Due to their separate legal structures, the role of specialized agencies in technical cooperation has not been addressed.
This simplicity has a price, that is a certain degree of arbitrariness and damage to details.
Why are so many agencies involved in technical cooperation?
It has taken the initiative to support coordination of gender issues.
(b) Resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “An Agenda for Peace: Preventive Diplomacy and Related Matters”, resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1993, entitled “An Agenda for Peace”, in particular section IV, entitled “Special economic challenges arising from the implementation of preventive or coercive measures”, and resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997 entitled “Supplement to an Agenda for Peace”, in particular annex II, entitled “Question of sanctions imposed by the United Nations”,
The building and development of democracy, as well as the approach taken by the United Nations system on this issue, must take into account that there is, in fact, no single recipe for achieving democracy.
In that statement, the Secretary-General affirmed the considerable importance of the culture of peace, and the attention that this Organization should devote to it, not just one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the observance of the International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World, 2001-2010, is more than an altruistic aspiration of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the objectives set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the World Food Summit Plan of Action, as well as in the World Food Summit Outcome: five years later, in which the commitment to eradicate hunger is renewed,
Emphasizing the need to undertake on-site industrial transformation of commodity production in developing countries, in particular African countries and the least developed countries, in order to enhance productivity and stabilize and increase export earnings, thereby promoting sustainable economic growth and integration into the world economy,
Accordingly, I appointed Mr. Parker as a permanent judge of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia from 4 December 2003 for the remainder of Mr. David Hunt's term of office until 16 November 2005.
This Programme of Action remains a milestone in the evolution of the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations wishes to point out that, in the opinion of the Government of Colombia, operative paragraph 2 of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider identifying principles that could serve as a framework for regional agreements on conventional arms control, could enable the Conference to resume part of its activities and overcome its impasse in the past three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on Territorial Asylum of the Organization of American States, OAS Convention on Diplomatic Asylum, United Nations Declaration on Territorial Asylum.
Its effects go far beyond borders and therefore international cooperation is absolutely indispensable.
It was for the Third Committee, which was responsible for the social programme, to ensure that the programme was well understood and translated into action.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to enter into commitments for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003 in an amount not exceeding 12 million dollars to be financed from the cumulative balance of the Special Committee on Iraq and Kuwait;
The Special Rapporteur intends to submit a final report in 2004 to address these two issues, so that the first reading can be completed during the same session.
The Equal Opportunities Commission and the Equal Opportunities Fund have been established with a view to developing cooperation with the private sector on all issues relating to women's employment.
The use of these focused summaries would be flexible, voluntary and based on available data.
For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it a note by the Secretariat on information exchange: establishment of an electronic clearing house (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In this regard, future workshops could also consider an exchange among small groups of participants from industrialized countries, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
He also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission supported, including the INFOCAP network, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on national profiles.
Items on the provisional agenda of regular meetings
Quorum for subsidiary bodies with limited membership
The communication may include suggestions on solutions that the Party considers most appropriate in the particular case;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims corrections
Norway urges all countries to agree on a modus operandi to alleviate and protect the victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and to strengthen their national efforts in parallel with international efforts.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that while, in principle, her country believed, like the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression (A/CONF.189/PC.2/24), that the Internet was a unique tool for the promotion of human rights, it should be recognized that, in practice, the Internet had no positive implications.
The best way to reach consensus on the guiding principles is to hold consultations with Governments.
Mr. Paul Krugman, School of Public and International Affairs, Princeton University; Mr. Jagdish Bhagwati, Professor of Economics and Chaire Arthur Lehman, Columbia University; Mr. Manuel Orozco, Project Director of Central America for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Ouedraogo, Consumer League of Burkina Faso, will make presentations.
Information on workshops and training courses on combating international terrorism-related crime
Moreover, it is not clear how the macroeconomic and structural reforms required in the process of poverty reduction strategies affect poverty and social conditions.
Therefore, new solutions continue to be considered with a view to rapidly increasing international liquidity where necessary, through various means, including temporary special drawing rights allowance (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, His Majesty no longer presides over the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, on a rotational basis, is now the Head of Government and, indeed, the Prime Minister.
The Government agencies of Bhutan have an obligation to recognize that women are a significant part of the population to which they are directed, and therefore need to design, implement and continue to administer services tailored to the specific needs of women and men.
This is mainly due to the development of primary education and the better retention of pupils in schools.
A multisectoral task force has been established to address the growing threat of HIV/AIDS at the national level.
Many men welcome the greater number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another limited study on women's participation in financial decision-making, 27 per cent of women interviewed said that they were only involved in financial loan decisions, while 14 per cent were taking joint decisions with their husbands.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has taken initiatives to improve the capacity of public sector personnel in a number of countries, providing advice, upon request, on public service reform.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established Iraq's liability for losses arising from Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
The Panel finds this rate also applicable to claims for loss of use of funds, which have similar aspects.
See also the decisions of the Panel contained in paragraph 79 of the E2(7) report, paragraph 71 of the E2(11 report); and paragraph 89 of the E2(1 report).
E2(3) report, paras.
Report of the United Kingdom concerning the achievement of the goals and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East
Pursuant to article 8, paragraph 1, of the Extradition Act, persons who have committed terrorist acts, even if such acts are considered political crimes, may be extradited.
What are our objectives?
The Secretary-General's report reminds us that the situation in Iraq is fraught with challenges that are real challenges and that call upon us all here and now the international community.
The establishment of a robust civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like, on behalf of my Government, to reiterate its deep appreciation to the Council mission and to the Council in its entirety for its willingness to find answers to the complex issues facing our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other coordination mechanisms of the United Nations system.
- Support for associations and organizations working to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The 10-month programme, including five months of theoretical education in Madrid and four and a half months of practical education within organizations of developing countries, is also planned for an evaluation phase in Madrid.
These groups are youth between 16 and 30 years of age, women in professions deemed to be male, more than 45 years of age, persons who have been unemployed for six months or more, and workers who, at the time of the conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same company under an open-ended or fixed-term contract prior to 31 December 2003, including for training contracts.
It is in the 25-29 age group that women's daily tobacco use is the largest.
However, this improvement is less marked among women (37,5% of long-term unemployed women) than among men (55.36%).
Members of permanent missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress achieved through the establishment and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic fact remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, in the most cynical and cruel manner throughout the world.
This meeting is the first open meeting of the Security Council in 2003, a year of challenges that I am convinced that the Council will be ready to meet.
We will strongly engage in all initiatives to ensure compliance with international agreements in this area.
They are often areas of lawlessness.
Activities to be undertaken in response to the request
- More than 150,000 homes or apartments (or a total of 23,570,000 square kilometres) have been looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the Organization's accounts were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) A computer-based model for analysis and assessment of feasibility studies (COMFAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programme framework and the strategic directions of the Organization for South-South cooperation, as well as the thematic initiatives that the Organization has taken on, inter alia, trade facilitation, the use of rural energy for productive purposes and the rehabilitation and reconstruction of the post-crisis industry,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that the rapidly evolving socio-economic situation, cultural, individual and social factors, as well as the supply of illicit drugs, have aggravated the problem of the use of psychoactive substances globally,
In view of the ambiguity of the English title of the topic, the Commission decided to continue to take the working assumption that the topic concerned “activities” and to defer any formal modification of the title.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the heading “United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace Resource requirements (before recosting): $30,500 with Resource requirements (before recosting): $364,200
The Commission asked the Government to indicate whether it was considering amending the relevant provisions of the above-mentioned laws in order to include the principle referred to in the Convention.
These decisions were taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, including the weekly meetings on economic issues and senior officials of Iraqi public institutions, and initial budget proposals were prepared by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are indeed enormous benefits to serve the Iraqi people.
The percentage of Afghan women employed by UNHCR increased from virtually zero in early 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme, and 36 per cent of all national protection staff.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers of Defence and Security in September should complete the constitution of the Government of National Reconciliation and thus eliminate an important obstacle in the peace process.
However, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution stipulates that the President of the Republic may delegate some of his powers to the members of the Government.
Beyond what divides us, we have, in the face of these threats, a collective responsibility to regain the unity of the international community.
We have begun consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the current oil-for-food programme that would ensure the continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicines in Iraq.
The programme of work continues to be studied by my authorities, and we reserve the right to give our opinion on the programme as soon as this analysis is completed.
If a Party considered that it needed assistance to stop methyl bromide consumption to stabilize the dates, it could send a reminder to the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming its function by consensus,
(i) 680 ODP-tonnes in 2004;
All unloading operations should take place at locations that are reserved exclusively for authorized staff.
The financial mechanism has been established in accordance with Article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to provide financial and technical cooperation to Parties operating under Article 5, paragraph 1 bis, of the Protocol to enable them to comply with the control measures provided for in Articles 2A to 2E and Article 2I or any other control measures contained in Articles 2F to 2H pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 1 bis of the Protocol.
Law enforcement officials also participated in training programmes abroad.
Some States also reported on telephone, telex and postal services.
(3) The party seeking to enforce an interim measure of protection shall promptly notify the court of any termination, suspension or amendment of that measure.
Suggestions to improve the wording of the bracketed text were made, including that the court might suspend the enforcement proceedings until the parties had the opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties were duly notified.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be given a more visible and more important role in supporting the management of international affairs and in the implementation of the economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of appropriate information, communication and transport technologies should also be supported by technical cooperation and investment needed to build the capacity of local service providers, or build such capacity, may require donor support or funding from international financial institutions.
A similar consequence is provided in the United Kingdom, where the consumer is entitled to cancel the contract, unless a court competent to hear disputes relating to the contract in question decides otherwise at the request of the service provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme reached its peak by the end of 2002.
Procedure
The estimates were calculated on the basis of an exchange rate of $0.89 per United States dollar.
The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, where necessary, at subsequent sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward reported on these consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Harvard Law School (Winter 2003): Visiting Professor Robert F. Kennedy, in association with Professor Philip Heyman, a course entitled “Bring power to justice” analysing the various functions of prosecutors in countries of common law and civil law, and examining the various national and international approaches used to try State actors who have committed violations of the law; also organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption: establishing the rule of law”.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as an operating entity of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its Climate Change Point and the Special Climate Change Fund for the implementation of activities referred to in the framework of meaningful and effective actions to enhance the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention,
Welcoming initial progress in the implementation of the framework for meaningful and effective actions to enhance the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, contained in the annex to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial results, 2002-2003
He also noted with appreciation the financial and other assistance that had been provided to the Programme by the Government of Austria, the authorities of Styria and the city of Graz, Austria, the Physical Geography Department of the University of Stockholm, Metria, the Swedish National Survey of Survey and the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, it is assumed that many of the people infected with the virus do not know it.
The project targeted the NEK Steering Committee, as well as high school and high school students.
Recommends that consideration be given to the holding of a joint informal debate that could enrich the work of each Committee; better use could be made of the debate of the General Assembly in plenary on the items considered by the two Committees;
This important work has been possible through, inter alia, the competence and perseverance of the Committee through its subcommittees and experts.
In the event of the dissolution of the marriage after the consumption of the marriage, the woman is entitled, in addition to her maintenance during the period of virginity, to an amount not exceeding one maintenance year, in accordance with the means of the ex-husband, which shall be paid on a monthly basis from the end of the period of life, unless otherwise agreed between the two parties regarding the amount and modalities of payment of the allowance.
The following table shows the evolution of the education budget in the years 1993/94 to 1997/98:
The kindergartens are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which regularly conducts inspections to ensure that these establishments comply with the relevant regulations.
The State of Kuwait wishes to recall in this regard that its constitution, in many of its provisions, makes equality one of the pillars of Kuwaiti society, first in the preamble and then in article 7, and then in article 29, which covers various aspects of this principle by linking it to human dignity, rights and duties.
Effective management will also improve recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
National Coordinator of the Global March Against Child Labour, 1998
Adviser for the Development of a Course on Social Justice, Department of Demographic Studies, Tribhuvan University, 1999
Each State Party shall transmit to the Conference of the States Parties, as required, information on its programmes, plans and practices and on its legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
If the status quo refuses any prospect, freedom and the development of those who are hungry and who live in despair, the temptation of anarchy and extremism, as a means of making change, becomes much more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to appoint Ambassador Tzchev of Bulgaria as President of the annual Conference of the States Parties to be held in 2003 and the representatives of China, Switzerland and South Africa as Vice-Presidents.
Declarations and reservations
Rapporteur: Ishtiaq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and should strengthen and contribute to the protection of universal human rights standards, as contained in international human rights instruments,
(c) Should a special debate be decided, its theme should be relevant to human rights and should take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This situation should not recur.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and regularly updated compilation of recommendations made over the years by the various mechanisms on thematic issues.
Contribution submitted under both resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They deal with the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (d) (i), (ii) and (iii), on the elaboration of short-, medium- and long-term proposals for the elimination of racial discrimination against people of African descent, including proposals for a mechanism to monitor and promote all their human rights, taking into account the need to work closely with international institutions and development agencies to promote racial discrimination against people of African descent.
As for the Haraz centre in Iran, it was a technology centre for human resources development for the conservation of land and development on these rice crops.
Lastly, she asked the State party to conduct a national health survey and to consider its findings in the next periodic report.
Therefore, the duty to protect it also falls to the entire world.
- The location of the two sites by appropriate means (girls or dumps);
Some observers predicted a possible increase in the demand for dollars as the United States now controls Iraqi oil wells.
It is essential to give new directions to Arab economic cooperation by giving the private sector an increasing role in development and economic choices.
The Foundation was able to collect about 3.5 million Euros, which allowed the start of work on the site.
Currently, four resident coordinators are UNICEF staff (half of whom are women), one of whom is currently serving.
If these conditions are fulfilled, the goals and targets agreed at the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Moreover, the financial implications of the establishment of an additional office in Brussels have not been taken into account by ITC.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has aligned itself with the United Nations gender targets set in 1990.
(a) The nine regional offices should be progressively strengthened through the transfer of technical posts from Headquarters.
At the same time, the SCO member States consistently and invariably assume that the fight against terrorism must be based on the norms and principles of international law and cannot be equated with any religion, certain countries or certain nationalities.
Activities of the Joint Inspection Unit (continued) (IDB.27/19 and Add.1 and 2; IDB.27/CRP.3)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Request for consultative status by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with annex I to General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the proposed themes for the high-level segment and the coordination segment of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit to you the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The people of Afghanistan have welcomed the decision to extend their mandate.
The draft resolutions under these agenda items reflect that determination and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor of them.
(g) Use, in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee established pursuant to resolution 661 (1990) prior to the expiration of the period set out in paragraph 10 below and taking into account the recommendations made by the Office of the Iraq Programme, the funds deposited in the accounts established pursuant to paragraph 8 (a) and (b) of resolution 986 (1995), as necessary and as appropriate, in order to settle the amounts agreed to cover the additional costs of shipping,
10-11 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
Since the costs of the work of the Working Group were included in the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would not affect the Working Group.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate substantive discussions at the session of the Commission, the secretariat prepared a thematic note entitled “Policy options for enhancing SME competitiveness” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Chairmen of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and the Chairmen of the committees, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right to vote provided that they are representatives of participating States;
As a general rule, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees or working groups are closed.
The Council expressed its concern at the continued regional factors of instability and requested the Secretary-General to make recommendations to the Council, as soon as possible, on ways to combat these subregional and cross-border problems, with a particular focus on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also regretted the lack of political contacts between the parties and called on them to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government submits to it all draft laws.
It was to be hoped that a report on that subject could be submitted to the Commission at a future session, particularly since the outcome document of the World Summit for Children in 1991 and the outcome document of the United Nations General Assembly Special Session on Children, held in 2002, had explicitly mentioned the situation of children living under foreign occupation.
In line with the second Millennium Development Goal, the Government introduced free and compulsory basic education for all in 1996, which significantly improved the rate of school attendance.
To avoid such incidents, it is imperative for States parties to be present at the time of the meeting.
“The Security Council underlines the readiness of the United Nations to promote political dialogue, if requested, and to provide resolute support to address the humanitarian and development challenges of border demarcation.
It may acquire or alienate immovable or movable property in accordance with these Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting has three days from 16 to 18 July 2003 to complete its work.
According to these corroborated reports, the situation in the valley remained calm, without serious incident, throughout the reporting period.
Observations
Quadrennial reports 1997-2000 submitted through the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report submitted pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know which indicators are best suited, which will necessarily have to cover different aspects of the right to health, drawing on the ongoing work of WHO and UNICEF in this field.
The Committee notes that prolonged solitary confinement of a detained or imprisoned person may amount to acts prohibited by article 7.
Article 10, paragraph 1, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any person deprived of his or her liberty under the laws and authority of the State and who is detained in a prison, hospital - a psychiatric hospital in particular - a detention camp, a rehabilitation centre or another place.
It was therefore necessary to determine whether a unilateral statement was a reservation or an interpretative declaration and to determine its admissibility and effects.
Thirty-eighth session (1990)*
(l) To continue to cooperate with the Committee in promoting the effective implementation of the Convention;
(h) Raise awareness among the general public of the importance of programmes of measures to address the situation of victims of descent-based discrimination;
There are traditional and cultural practices in some States that undermine the health of women and children.
States parties should also report on measures adopted to ensure prompt access to services related to family planning in particular, and to sexual and reproductive health in general.
For example, the article emphasizes the importance of respect for parents, the need to regard rights within their general ethical, moral, spiritual, cultural or social framework and the fact that most of the rights of children, far from being imposed from outside, are rooted in the values of local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, reviewing recent meetings, activities and outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, adopted by heads of State and Government on the occasion of the Millennium Summit, in which they committed themselves to the eradication of poverty, in particular to halve, by 2015, the proportion of the world population whose income is less than one dollar a day and the proportion of people who suffer from hunger,
In 2001, the Government limited the length of work permits granted to foreign workers to six years to ensure that more Bermudians are recruited and trained for the best jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom continued to advocate that legislators adopt European human rights standards, particularly with regard to sexual discrimination.
Pursuant to paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations to consider all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without vote, in the deliberations of those bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “Synergies and responses: strategic alliances for crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat computer-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, invited the Governments of the Latin American and Caribbean countries and other interested Governments to participate in the regional meeting of heads of national drug law enforcement agencies, with a view to establishing the meeting of heads of national drug law enforcement agencies, convened in Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and provide financial resources,
(a) Partnerships are voluntary initiatives by Governments and various stakeholders, including major groups and institutions;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other matters.
Introducing the item, the representative of the Secretariat drew attention to the documentation prepared in that regard (see annex VII) and outlined possible actions that the Committee might take on the item.
Decides to submit the following to the Conference of the Parties for consideration and possible action at its first meeting:
An alternate or adviser may act as a representative on the appointment of the head of the delegation.
Subject to the provisions of rules 28 to 32 and changes decided by the Conference of the Parties, these rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The Chairperson or Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may be given priority in explaining the conclusions of that subsidiary body.
He said that his organization had supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities related to persistent organic pollutants, including the project on identification and quantification of dioxin and furans undertaken in Thailand, the organization of the expert group meeting on best available techniques and best environmental practices and workshops on good industrial management, held in Brazil in 2003-2004, where best practices on the management of by-products of organic pollutants were exchanged.
To that end, the Monterrey document reiterates the importance of the principle of cooperation.
Only a few countries were monitoring the characteristics of trafficking through effective border controls, using reliable estimation methods.
The panellist pointed out that comparative studies further complicated the study of the problem.
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org).
A preparatory mission consisting of IAEA and UNMOVIC staff, including the IAEA Director-General and the Executive Chairman of the Commission, visited Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet with Iraqi counterparts led by Mr. Amer H. Al-Saadi, Chairman's adviser, to discuss further logistical arrangements and to relocate the inspectors' office in Baghdad.
The website of Agenda 21 for Sport and Environment is www.unep/org/cpi/sport_env (all types of sporting activities).
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi show that there are opportunities to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, long-term reconstruction and development.
The failure of Cancún was a result of what occurred in Doha, where major trading countries refused to grant promised concessions on development issues.
Switzerland attaches the highest priority to the preservation of humanitarian space in all circumstances and without exception.
“The strict internal and external closures, the increased curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have resulted in a further deterioration of economic indicators and increased poverty and unemployment among Palestinians.
Here, we should recall the individual and collective responsibility of the parties to the Convention regarding compliance with its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the prior concurrence of the Advisory Committee, such sums as may be necessary to cover the advance payment of insurance premiums if the insurance period extends beyond the biennium in which payment is made, on the understanding that the Secretary-General will request in the context of the budget for each biennium appropriations for that purpose for the duration of the policies, to cover the amounts due for the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments are not enough to prevent violations, but strict measures must also be taken to address social and human problems that encourage them, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement and social inequality among the peoples of developing countries and those of the advanced countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, to be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Protection Force, the United Nations Transition Mission in Croatia, the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force and the United Nations Transitional Force in Haiti;
Clearly, it remains vital that all of us continue to participate in the coming years.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of control is becoming increasingly important both at the regional and international levels, and effective verification becomes necessary to ensure international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpile by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to ratifying the Treaty, have already expressed individually — and in more than one opportunity — their opposition to any nuclear weapons.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on those principles.
Of that amount of $270,000, $250,000 is proposed for the ICAO tender.
Possible modalities for reimbursement of expenses
Chief of Liaison and Protocol Liaison Officer A and Liaison Officer B
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and Council resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is not important whether the origin of the funds is lawful or illegal, only the act of collection and its purpose.
The Bradley report indicated that any order adopted by the Council to meet the needs of any of the options would take at least one year.
Geneva, 1 January 2005
“Terrorism — Doubts to provoke an explosion or fire or to commit any other act that puts people at risk of death, violates their health, causes extensive material damage or leads to other dangerous consequences for society, with a view to endangering public order, sowing panic among the population or influencing the adoption of decisions by public authorities or by international organizations, or threatening to commit such acts”.
Women remain mainly present in low-paid and low-level positions.
Draft decision II Suspension of consultative status
We therefore encourage those States that have not yet done so to kindly deposit their declaration with the Secretary-General in order to achieve the universality of the Court.
Their tireless participation, coupled with their strong commitment and diplomatic skills, is a major reason for the success of the work of the Special Committee.
Now, as is the case for all treaties, the end of the negotiations marks the real beginning of the commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 94.
Washington, 11 April 1949
The draft resolution, entitled “A Almaty Programme of Action: Addressing the Special Needs of Landlocked Developing Countries within a New Global Framework for Transit Transport Cooperation for Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries”, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I am now pleased to introduce the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
It welcomes the decision of the European Union to establish a peace support facility to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the implementation of African Union peace initiatives.
The right to know the truth about past events is indispensable in order to prevent the same violations from occurring.
My Government has firmly committed itself to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be much more representative to reflect demographic and geopolitical realities and gain credibility.
Outreach services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee on 28 April 2003
We have managed to realize that success or failure in any area, if important, cannot mean the salvation or loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to respond to questions raised, such as the submission by all United Nations information centres of an annual plan specifying the activities it plans around a strategically selected message.
In order to plan and make further adjustments without budget overruns, we have had to review some of our priorities and propose to redeploy resources accordingly for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had strengths on some aspects of the negotiations and should contribute to their preparation through its analytical work, consensus-building and technical cooperation.
However, these products had low national value added content.
Commodity-dependent LDCs faced a particularly difficult challenge, as commodity prices had declined significantly in real terms.
Development assistance strategies had been redefined to support poverty reduction, and many donors included trade and investment-related technical assistance.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and the acceding countries to the European Union (Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia, as well as Cyprus, Malta and Turkey), said that coherence was important and that participation in the sessions of the Council of Representatives of other agencies and bodies was positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) has assisted the Task Force in developing and expanding partnerships.
In order to strengthen its outreach and facilitate contacts with national policymakers, the Special Unit has established a web-based database, which brings together the coordinates of ICT policy makers and officials in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the issue of the promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to allocate, within existing resources, the necessary financial and administrative resources for the effective functioning of the inter-agency secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate and requests it to continue:
Documentation
Election of a representative government to succeed the Afghan Transitional Authority following free and fair elections in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a Senegalese Women's Handbook is published periodically, which addresses issues such as civil registration, marriage, food obligation, inheritance, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land and credit, and the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo-Addo.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Considerations relating to the possibility of the United Nations serving as supervisory authority under the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the ECOWAS forces and the French forces, in implementing their mandates in accordance with resolution 1464 (2003), to continue to work in close consultation with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to report regularly to the Council on all aspects of the implementation of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/500.
The Lusaka case for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to help Africans build their capacity in peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted late to the conference services without the explanatory note required by the General Assembly in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in the event of a late submission of a report to the conference services.
The International Business Companies Act of 2000 provides for the elimination of the actions payable to the holder and, where these actions have already been issued, their reminder and their replacement of the registered shares.
These services include the direction or execution of financial services in the Bahamas or from the Bahamas, including online financial services, the registration of directors or administrators of international business companies, the provision of services to international business companies of authorized agents and offices, the provision of professional or supervisory services to international business companies, the provision of services to companies that are not covered by the Act, the provision of partner services for registered and registered persons.
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements allow for the inclusion of certain persons in a national exclusion list.
Participation in the workshop was beneficial.
For example, the Section provided guidance on rules for nationally executed projects based on UNDP experience in this area.
In 17 offices, the control of presences and absences was not carried out in the rules.
This feedback also raised awareness among offices of the importance of planning regular project audits.
In this regard, Governments were encouraged to request their implementing agencies to use the same reporting format in order to simplify and facilitate timely reporting of activities.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
The number of staff could be further reduced in the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991 from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/23306, S/23307, S/23308, S/23309 and S/23317)
The information that organizations should obtain and seek to verify would include, inter alia, audited accounting results for the previous five years; past and present judicial difficulties; and other key clients' identities.
Also affirms the strong commitment of the United Nations to treat all bidders, whether in procurement or outsourcing, fairly, on as wide a geographical basis as possible;
Mr. Negroponte (United States of America): First of all, I thank Assistant Secretary-General Türk for his timely briefing on the progress made in the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Since 1998, Montserrat has been in a phase of rehabilitation and reconstruction, it has been difficult to cope with an increasing emergency while facilitating the development process.
These funds have funded environmental, training and health projects, as well as legal and legislative programmes.
With regard to the currency of payment, it was appropriate to inform the remittance of the benefits of the official system vis-à-vis other channels in terms of security and speed of transfers.
• Work towards the fair and expeditious trial of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of relations with the administration, the Federation encountered many difficulties because of the lack of clear lines of human rights and of people with the knowledge and skills needed to approve projects.
With regard to strengthening the resident coordinator system, increased involvement of United Nations specialized and technical agencies in the functioning of the resident coordinator system is considered a positive step by Member States.
As a result of armed conflicts and civil strife in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania has remained one of the African countries hosting the largest refugee population in its territory in recent years.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary steps to ensure the translation, in the Somali language, of the present resolution, together with an appropriate background explanatory note, and to disseminate it widely in the country through the human rights officer for Somalia based in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for groups at risk, particularly drug addicts, to reduce the risk of the transmission of infectious diseases such as human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda for the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting is contained in annex I.
Discussion
The view was expressed that OHCHR should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States continued to receive documents in an appropriate form.
The addition of the phrase “to support efforts to promote new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was questioned since the Second Committee had not yet reached consensus on the issue.
Some members suggested that the publication should be sold rather than distributed free of charge.
The Council's consultations with member countries of the New Partnership and ECA had been welcomed.
A/58/6 (Sect.15) Human settlements
Investigations into the cause of harm may also be long, particularly in countries where the authorities responsible for maritime security and/or the courts themselves investigate the demurrage and take time to publish their findings.
In the context of the proposed amendment to Act No. 1015 entitled “Previene y reprime los actos neícitos destados a lagtimación de dinero ouxes” (the Prevention and Suppression of Unlawful Acts to legitimize capital or assets), it is envisaged that the scope of application of the law should be expanded, even if article 11 (n) of the current text refers to “any other natural person ordinarily involved or legal persons”.
It is important for the Commission not to spread its attention.
It should also reaffirm its belief in the importance of the participation of civil society as a strategic partner in the work of United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions in which women exercise their work and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 265 of the Labour Code, mothers raising three or more children under 16 years of age, or two children and more for women living alone, receive an additional day of leave per week, paid according to the average daily wage.
The link between reproductive rights and family law is clear: maternity and paternity are the direct consequence of the exercise of the reproductive rights of citizens.
The adoption of new codes for marriage and the family, and work was the most significant development in legislation.
UNIDO's investment and technology promotion activities focus on promoting partnerships and organic linkages (such as technology transfer, outsourcing, marketing in common and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign firms and domestic firms.
In this regard, the clean production programme has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO's services aimed at increasing energy efficiency, training of personnel assigned to PNPP and PNPP and the identification, development and implementation of technical cooperation projects to be submitted for funding under the Kyoto Protocol and GEF.
However, the Committee is ready to provide any additional information that it may wish.
Nine members from Western European and other States
It reviews achievements in the areas of development and organization, with particular attention to the linkages between evaluation, knowledge acquisition, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC plans to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on this issue in the near future.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,696,600
Demands that the Liberian parties cease hostilities throughout the territory of Liberia and comply with their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the Ceasefire Agreement, including to cooperate in the formation of the Joint Monitoring Commission established by the Ceasefire Agreement;
Invites donor countries and recipient countries to consider including in their bilateral training programmes and projects for the armed forces, security forces, prison personnel, police and medical personnel on issues relating to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture, without neglecting their gender dimension;
The Study Group exchanged initial views on the basis of the report of the 2002 Study Group (A/57/10, paras.
Main resources of the programme
• To ensure the overall management of the decision-making processes and activities of the Office of the Prosecutor required under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the rules of the Office of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit highly qualified persons in order to have diversified staff and adjustable staff by offering career opportunities and training opportunities, ensuring effective management of their entitlements and rights and establishing a system to ensure that all staff are physically, psychological and emotional in a position to carry out their tasks.
• All special equipment and items are received and inspected prior to their admission to the Court
• Development of new Intranet modules
Substantive organization in The Hague and in the field
Three interpreters per language for French, English, Russian and Spanish and four interpreters per language for Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider adopting appropriate legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of this Convention and in accordance with the fundamental principles of its domestic law, in order to increase transparency in the financing of candidates for elected public office and, where appropriate, in the financing of political parties.
(a) Public dissemination of information concerning procurement procedures and procurement, including information on competitive bidding and relevant information on procurement awards, with sufficient time for potential bidders to prepare and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the absence of dual criminality to refuse to provide assistance under this article.
(c) Meeting the special needs of Africa: consolidation of democracy, sustainable peace, poverty eradication and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, a very poor developing country, more than others in the same category, is presented in the box below; it shows how the country is working, with the assistance of the United Nations system, to involve various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “Everything but arms”, the Group of 77 looked forward to exploring with its development partners how to encourage such policies so that they could contribute directly to the improvement of living conditions in African countries, to which the international community should provide full support if it was to achieve the goal of halving poverty in the Millennium Declaration.
Three basic aspects of the information and communication technology strategy:
For the time being, we must take the necessary steps to prevent further deterioration and to ensure that our President is not suffering any harm.
(e) To ensure the continued and strengthened cooperation and political and operational support of the Tribunal by external partners such as Governments and non-State entities;
In addition, the time needed for oral arguments (e.g., usually increased from two to five days, depending on the number of accused).
The practice of simultaneous trials is to try two cases for consecutive periods, such as trial A five weeks, trial B five weeks, trial A five weeks, etc. Defence counsel in trial A but Arusha, while trial B takes place.
Members of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) welcome the study, which they believe is a well documented and useful framework for revising, reassessing or adjusting existing policies with regard to support costs relating to extrabudgetary activities of the organizations of the United Nations system.
Pursuant to that resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur has submitted 10 main reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 progress reports to the General Assembly, in addition to 18 addenda to the Commission or to the Assembly.
It would also like to draw the attention of the Egyptian authorities to the need to combat any advocacy of religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and which must therefore be prohibited by law.
In accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized an expert seminar to discuss the interdependence of democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group B
At the same time, over the past decade, European institutions, initiatives and legislation have expanded to include, considering that the protection of the rights of minorities is an integral part of any democratic development.
As Guyana looks forward to this collective system for its peace and security, it wants to ensure that the new Council resulting from the reform can reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is of the utmost importance.
We must therefore build global institutions and build effective partnerships in a just and open trade, and support for the development of the least developed countries should also be strengthened.
A regional strategy has also been developed to facilitate HIV/AIDS interventions.
Mr. Pavanjeet Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where appropriate, the adoption of a cross-border perspective for the sustainable development of mountain ranges and the exchange of information thereon;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration with a view to more effectively implementing chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) Monitor closely the functioning of the global project to support the preparation of national communications, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and continue to ensure that the implementation of the project is consistent with the guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications as part of the programme of work has been reviewed.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As requested by the Statistical Commission at its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) To coordinate the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of the records of its work;
Thirdly, the activities of the Department of Public Information should be intensified.
By increasing the volume of Russian-language information on the United Nations web site, the number of Russian-language visitors was increased.
At the 4th meeting, the President also invited the representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, having considered a proposal by the Chair, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, relating to sub-items 10 (a), (b) and (c) for adoption by the COP at its eighth session.
Notes
S sulphur and salt are among the most important chemical elements and metal deposits (such as seed, zinc and lead) are very abundant.
From 1990 to 2002, Poland has reformed its public service.
(h) To cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen cannot lose his citizenship unless he renounces it.
According to article 41, paragraph 1, deprivation of liberty or restriction of liberty is permissible only in accordance with the principles and modalities provided for by law.
The issue of the Ouazzani and Hasbani rivers continues to be a source of tension and possible escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Even if the posts are frozen, they will continue to be included in the approved staffing table (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities requiring additional resources is contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments have been made due to changes in the exchange rate between the United States dollar, the currency in which the United Nations accounts are recorded, and the euro, the currency of the host country.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget as shown in table xx below;
Takes note of the Peace Fund: Peaceful settlement of territorial disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as the main mechanism, in view of its wider regional scope, for the prevention and settlement of territorial and maritime disputes, also takes note of the Caribbean Trust Fund established by the Conference on the Delimitation of Maritime Borders in the Caribbean, held in Mexico City from 6 to 8 May 2002, which is primarily aimed at facilitating the implementation of the Convention on the Delimitation of Maritime Boundary in the Caribbean States in the Caribbean Sea;
Also notes the Pacific Islands regional ocean policy approved at the thirty-third Pacific Islands Forum meeting, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest that financial resources from bilateral donors were increasing, and noted the initiative of the United Nations agencies to improve the coherence of their technical cooperation activities.
Some children and Government troops, as well as rebels, have been abducted or persuaded to join their ranks have been killed on the front lines.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Mindful of the responsibility of the international community to promote human rights and to ensure respect for international law,
He therefore supported the proposal to defer consideration of the item for two years, on the understanding that voting on the motion did not imply a position in favour or against the two draft resolutions; it was simply to recognize the need to base the convention on a consensus.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Public awareness of the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to help boost economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property referred to in note 11 to the financial statements was owned by the organization as at 31 December 2002, without charge.
In a memorandum of 5 February 2003, OIOS found that the “special clause” remained invalid, since it was included in the contract at the time of recruitment, without prior use by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide all necessary assistance to the special rapporteurs and the joint mission to enable them to discharge their mandates fully;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in political discourse in the 1980s, indigenous peoples criticize the Bank for a lack of commitment to the implementation and observance of these policies, which are thus often interpreted as a mere facade.
CFATF Secretariat 35-37 Sackville St.
Almost all countries have a chemical sector, but nearly 80 per cent of global production is the result of 16 countries, the vast majority of which are OECD members.
Resolution
In that regard, it was pointed out that, in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council had made clear that claims of political motivation should not be considered as grounds for refusing requests for the extradition of alleged terrorists.
The documents of the technical meetings and seminars held at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) To comment on the future direction and programme of the Partnership for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to forward the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the COP for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of the post;
The increase in non-post resources (8,100,800 Swiss francs, or 5.6 per cent) relates mainly to the increase in non-post resources (840,900 Swiss francs) to cover the cost of services rendered to ITC by the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Central Support Services at Geneva, which is offset by a reduction in the two posts referred to in paragraph 9 above;
These services are “multiple usages” for which the definition and acceptance considerations are as important as most environmental goods.
By design, they respond to a specific intent and are intended for environmental purposes: for example, a refresher station remains a refresher station even if the technologies used by it are profoundly modified.
For intellectual property rights, article 66 (2) and article 67 of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS), developed members of the WTO providing incentives for transfer of technology could be implemented.
A number of recommendations presented at the meeting addressed possible actions at the national level:
The resulting increase in requirements and overexpenditures is due to the revised post adjustment rates approved from 1 November 2002, the new salary scales for staff in the Professional and higher categories and for staff in the Field Service category (two categories whose status is governed by the 100 series and 300 series of the Staff Rules) as from 1 January 2003, resulting in an increase in the number of staff performing functions of higher grade.
(a) A new subparagraph was added after the fifth preambular paragraph:
Description of methods used to identify key sources of reference to CRF tables of main sources
Annex I Parties should complete all cases corresponding to emissions or removals estimates, activity data and emission factors.
Italy is one of the countries most seriously affected by population ageing.
Thus, the topic concerned primary obligations of the State and implied the existence and conciliation of “legitimate interests and multiple factors”.
It also has the merit of not obstructing judicial action on other grounds.
Another common law cause is the public mandate rule, which finds greater application in the United States.
Introduction
We fully support efforts to streamline the work of the General Assembly and are prepared to help other delegations, as well as our willingness to assume the heavy burden of seemingly perpetual meetings.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the early 1990s, containing important measures to revitalize the General Assembly and the draft resolution we have just adopted.
Procedures differ because needs are not everywhere.
These warnings were accompanied by pressure to compel us to accept amendments or amendments that would restrict or diminish the rights of indigenous peoples recognized in international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, to the World Trade Organization, bearing in mind paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/182 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who have served for a term of nine years, the amount of the annual pension shall be:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims identified as potentially overlapping with four “E4” claims relate to new or larger losses, in view of the losses claimed by the “E4” claimant.
UNSEQ number: E-2449
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several representatives of Governments said that in order to attract direct investment, these institutions need to increase their support for the development of the necessary infrastructure, particularly in the ICT sector.
Moreover, the globalization of development requires the elimination of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and increased resources, as well as increased participation in international decision-making.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary crossing of the border was opened between Restrictionsica in Kosovo and Strezimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for only local residents.
The free movement of minorities was also hampered by the decision of the authorities of the Government of Serbia not to sign an agreement on the use of Kosovo registration plates in Serbia and their calls to discourage Kosovo Serbs from passing through UNMIK to register their vehicle.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their resolute support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, which we believe is an important first step towards the establishment of a legal norm in this field.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to connect to global sites and to the ECLAC website on regional follow-up to United Nations conferences and summits, which will be launched in June 2003 at the fourth United Nations Regional Inter-Agency Technical Coordination Meeting.
Oil prices already included a war bonus of about $5 per barrel in the last months of 2002 and exceeded $31 per barrel in January 2003.
They will have to make initial structural adjustment first by joining UEM in order to move closer to the base levels defined for fiscal deficits; as their starting point, they are likely to apply excessive fiscal rigour, which would obviously have negative consequences for economic growth.
Aearn et al., op.
Under article 5 of the Law on Internal Self-Government, the power to conduct foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Government of Denmark, and no part of that prerogative can be transferred to the Faroe Autonomous Authority.
For example, significant financial support is provided for the costs of exploiting ethnic minority associations, intercultural activities and information materials, as well as various types of local integration projects.
The 1989 Community Social Charter provides for the right to collective action in cases of conflict of interest, in particular the right to strike, subject to the obligation to comply with national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days in each quarter.
The high proportion of smokers in the population is mainly responsible for the relatively high mortality rate and has a negative impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played an important advocacy role and facilitated campaigns that have resulted in new instruments and standards for the protection of children, as described below:
These organizations have played a leading role in the development and implementation of the programme.
• ACP-EU cooperation: the ACP-EU Partnership Agreement signed in Cotonou, Benin, in 2000, took into account various elements proposed by the Special Representative at the ACP-EU Joint Assembly in March 1999.
The presence of the United Nations, anywhere in the world, has always been regarded as a symbol and a guarantee of universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, attracted a broad audience, including in non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136-141, 144-146, 148 and 150
It is also continuing its efforts to raise awareness of women's rights in all its activities and of the human rights mechanisms it supports, including through the adoption in 2002 of a gender mainstreaming strategy.
Previously, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established commissions or inquiry teams.
Recommendations on travel grants
In accordance with the arrangements for consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, as approved by the Council in its resolution 1996/31, the organizations in consultative status are required to submit an annual report on their activities, in particular with regard to their support for the work of the United Nations.
In accordance with the recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (see A/C.5/57/SR.20), UNFIP undertook a series of activities in 2002 as part of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects aimed at rationalizing, targeting and enhancing their effectiveness.
Women focal points had been appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Affairs was strengthening their capacity to implement the national gender policy.
Recalling its resolution 57/134 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs were a feature of the services economy, and often even large enterprises in developing countries were in fact small enterprises worldwide.
In the area of statistics, data collection should be encouraged, as well as work on an assessment of the social impact and the impact on the development of liberalization of services.
Assistance was all the more important because African countries were pursuing parallel negotiations with the European Union to conclude economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of technical authentication work undertaken to date
In order to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary and appropriate steps to strengthen legislation and institutional capacity in this field.
Country decisions
Exceptions
The Australian citizenship certificate is not an identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to work actively towards the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular on a common formula that could be included in an international legally binding instrument;
The provisions of operative paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate to (a) subprogramme 3, Progressive development and codification of international law, of programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) section 8, Legal affairs, and section 2, General Assembly affairs and conference services, of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
Representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) attended the session.
Question 7.
The attempt to distinguish between the two types of cloning was merely to attempt to conceal the fact that a human life was being created to destroy it in order to produce embryonic stem cells or to conduct other experiments.
There is discussion, and it seems that differences of opinion will persist, no opinion should be imposed on all others.
The development of transport infrastructure and information and communication technologies, including the elimination of missing links, would improve transit transport and enable landlocked countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. De Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month for introducing the Council's annual report covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Update on the United Nations System-wide Action Plan to Combat Drug Abuse (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its grave concern at the plight of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent displacement and to provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, recalls in this regard the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement, and urges the international community, under the leadership of the relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national projects and programmes aimed at alleviating the plight of those persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must bring benefits to all.
Most recently, in February 2003, two primary seismological monitoring stations, Lac-du-Bonnet (PS08) and Sherville (PS10), were officially approved by the Provisional Technical Secretariat; the construction of a radionuclide monitoring station (RN16) in Yellowknicife was completed in March 2003.
He also welcomed the establishment of a general post of control and transparency, which had characterized recent senior appointments.
Also at the 61st meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally proposed an amendment to the draft resolution by which operative paragraph 6 (g) would read:
It is clear that, in the context of increasing globalization, measures taken by a Government can often have a positive and negative impact on the right to food of the people of another country (e.g. in the context of trade in agricultural products).
Article 507 provides that members of groups referred to in article 499, who cooperate with the judicial authorities in identifying criminals or updating their criminal intentions, shall be pardoned.
In the longer term, a flexible and effective legal framework for security rights could be a useful tool to accelerate economic growth.
Special Committee decision of 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We particularly welcome your efforts to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of those Territories, the majority of them in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I invite you to consider the Committee as a friend, wishing to work with you and for you, in the realization of the rights that are undoubtedly osterous.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first country cooperation framework approved by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, facilitate the development of an integrated national development plan, which will establish procedures for the establishment of national development priorities over a decade, with a focus on health, population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
Within this Ministry, a Secretariat of State has been entrusted with the promotion of women and the participation of women in development, reflecting the Government's commitment to pay special attention to women's issues: in the Congo, all the ministries of State participate in the meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia thanked the Quadrilatérale group and other countries for their initiatives in the area of market access, which it believed should create a competitive advantage and encourage investment in the sectors covered by the programme.
However, it is expected that the Organization will complete the year on a positive cash balance (currently estimated at $44 million) under the regular budget — a result that would be favourable if it were to match the forecast.
Bigamy
Maintenance of order
We have provided food, tents, blankets, medicines and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, particularly floods, also contribute to the deterioration of habitats and the depletion of resources in the East Asian subregion.
As part of their day-to-day activities, women are the main protectors of forest species and are therefore dependent on future forest productivity.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation among developing countries, should not be neglected.
The Government of Slovenia has established an interdepartmental working group for the implementation of restrictive measures and the monitoring of counter-terrorism activities.
At the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on Children in Armed Conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- Financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otititi (Uganda) said that her delegation had been inadvertently included as a sponsor because of a technical error.
(b) A certified copy of the memorandum and association articles of the company;
Subject to other priorities and available resources, the Government of the Bahamas intends to move this process forward in the coming months.
Fifty-eighth session
The view was expressed that the basic criterion for balancing the interests of buyers with those of secured creditors was the notion of “ordinary course of business”.
The Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget will have before it an in-depth study on a technical cooperation programme on an annual basis.
The cotton problem was crucial, and the difficulties faced by African producers should be considered from both moral and economic perspectives.
The Programme of Emergency Action launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to reverse the spread of HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia aims to achieve the objectives of the Declaration of Commitment through broad-based national action supported by technical, financial and tactical support from UNAIDS and through collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that parents, who are best placed to do so, have the primary responsibility to guide and educate children in a healthy environment, to inculcate their sense of duty, integrity, responsibility, civic responsibility, compassion and service towards others, to help strengthen families, communities and nations throughout the world;
This is found in most of the Muslim countries in the Middle East, the Indian subcontinent, South-East Asia and parts of Africa.
27 October 2003, Baghdad
However, in cases where sanctions remain in force for a long period of time, as in the case of the Al-Qaida and Taliban sanctions regime, universal reporting rules cannot be equally effective.
The Government of East Timor is currently reviewing projects to effectively improve the capacity of East Timor police in both areas, in addition to its capacity to deal with civil unrest.
In addition, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police to deal with threats from criminal and armed groups in the countryside and the Tactical Coordination Line region.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to indicate whether they wished to participate in the work of the new team and to provide the Office for Outer Space Affairs with the contact details of the focal point to that effect.
While Gambian law criminalizes to some extent the conduct referred to in this article, the penalties must be radically reviewed.
Indeed, in both urban and rural areas, female illiteracy is combined with poverty and ingravity, with dependency and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of African country partners have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to African countries.
The Group currently has seven persons.
Members of the Committee discussed the issue at length without agreement on the causes of the problem or on ways to address them.
They supported United States military activities in their territory, as they did not forget their own history; they knew from experience what was meant by vulnerability and appreciated the security and protection offered by the United States.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Commerce of Guam, October-December 2001, www.admin.gov.gu/trade.
Application of International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative
In terms of funding, improvements in income and expenditure and the implementation of the revised recovery policy are also good prospects for the UNICEF financial plan and budget.
General Assembly
Summary table IV shows the proposed changes in the number of support budget posts for each of the main components of each appropriation line.
Summary V shows a comparison of the total number of posts in each organizational unit for the current and future biennium.
Table 7
It summarizes the progress made by the Central American countries towards peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since my last report (A/57/387 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit in Cuzco, Peru, and the 19 members of the Group adopted the Cuzco Consensus, a strategic programme of action to overcome poverty and social exclusion and address the themes of democratic governance, cultural identity and external relations and the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The enormous efforts to rebuild the region continue with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and their reports
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 17 to 19, 24, 25 and 27 September; 3, 11, 14, 15, 23-25 and 28 October; 6, 7, 13, 19, 22 and 25 November; 3, 4, 6, 9, 16 to 20 and 30 December 2002; 6, 9, 10, 15, 23, 27, 29 and 31 January; 12 and 24 to 27 February; 4 to 7, 12 to 14, 18, 20, 21, 25 and 26 March; 2, 3, 7, 8, 10, 14, 22 and 24 April; 8, 9, 14, 19, 11, 9, 14, 19, 20, 20 and 24 May and 24 May and 24 May 2003 and 24 April; 11, 9, 13, 11, 9, 19, 11, 9, 11, 9, 19, 11, 9, 14, 19, 11, 9, 14, 19, 11, 9, 14, 19, 11, 9, 14, 19, 11, 9, 11, 9, 11, 9, 11, 9, 14, 19, 20, 20 and 24 May and 24 May and 24 May and 24 May and 24 and 24 May and 24 April; 11, 9, 13, 11, 9, 19, 11, 9, 14, 20 and 24 May and 24 and 24 and 24 April; 11, 9, 14, 19, 20, 11, 9, 14, 20 and 24 May and 24 May and 24 and 24 and 24 and 24 and 24 and 24 and 24 and 24 and 24 and 24 and 24 and 24 and 24 and 24 April; 11, 9, 19, 11, 9, 11, 9, 11, 9, 11,
UNMOVIC has also had contacts with many Governments in the area of export control, particularly with regard to finding concrete solutions to such issues as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for an appropriate balance between non-proliferation objectives and legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, this information is based on the recent update of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on budgeting in the United Nations system.
Of the 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are fully or mainly devoted to renewable energy sources.
Nuclear non-proliferation and the peaceful uses of the atom can go hand in hand as transparency and mutual trust exist.
In this sense, the experience of developed democracies is very valuable.
I would like to take this opportunity to associate myself with the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and to reiterate the most sincere condolences of the Bulgarian people to their families.
We can speak of victory when these attacks are no longer taking place, as they go to the entire nation.
The Government has identified some 30,000 persons affiliated with organizations considered to be terrorists because of the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the COP shall decide on the designation of the operational entities that have been accredited and provisionally designated by the Council.
It is only through their determination and dedication that, with the assistance of the secretariat, it has been possible to carry out the heavy and difficult tasks that have been entrusted to them.
PROCEDURES OF THE PREPARED BY THE REVIEW OF THE REVIEW OF THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE CONVENTION, PARAGRAPH 41 OF THE CONVENTION ON PROCEDURES AND PROCEDURES OF
Statistical study, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and April/May 2003, respectively, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
Let me now reiterate the names of the two countries among the Asian States that wish to nominate a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Achievements in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was in the interest of both developed and developing countries to establish a sound and equitable multilateral trading system.
International agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to regulate, particularly in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national self-government were of the utmost importance to the economies of the member countries of the Group.
FDI could play a key role in the economic growth and development of host countries.
States
In essence, his delegation supported all the suggestions of the Special Rapporteur, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted that the sector, which was beyond the control of the State and any taxation, was a major part of the economy of many developing countries in all regions.
Report of the Secretary-General
This joint programme would enable member States to deal more comprehensively with the opportunities and risks of a global society and would serve to implement the fundamental proposals made by the Secretary-General on science and technology at the Millennium Summit in September 2000, the Declaration of the Group of 8 of July 2000 and the Dubai Declaration of the Group of 77 for the Promotion of Science and Technology in the South (October 2002).
It should be clarified in detail how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international cooperation for development would focus on the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the chains, new developers used this guide and, although other stations did not follow their example, standardization of pronunciation remained possible.
They took note of the convening of the Fourth Meeting of States Parties to the Convention from 16 to 20 September 2002 in Geneva.
They strongly supported the unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures adopted by some Governments to reduce their military expenditures, thereby contributing to the strengthening of regional and international peace and security.
Vocational training and job creation must enable cities to realize the potential of youth.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
2-3 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an introductory statement.
While the Middle East region is a particularly sensitive area in view of the various problems that remain relevant and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that it is important for the international community to focus on achieving this objective within the framework of the United Nations in order to take a decisive step towards achieving peace in that region.
It should also be noted that there is a growing understanding that a solution to the question of the composition of the bureau will facilitate the strengthening of the agreement concerning the interpretation of the rules governing the composition of the bureau of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.30 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
Under the sanctions regime (paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraphs 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002)), Member States are required to freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources of the persons or entities that have been diverted, including funds derived from property owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by them, their agents or agents, and to ensure that such funds and persons are not directly or indirectly in their territory.
Virtually all federal law enforcement agencies have contributed to this effort by providing basic and advanced training courses in all areas of financial crime.
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network - FinCEN
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade has the authority, under section 7 of the Companies Act, to monitor the objectives, sources of financing and expenses of non-profit organizations.
While members of the mission stressed that they had not come to serve as an ombudsman or to intervene in the peace talks in Liberia, they indicated to all parties what they deemed necessary: full respect for the ceasefire; a comprehensive political settlement that would allow for the appointment of a transitional government that would hold free and fair elections; and respect for international humanitarian law, including immediate and unrestricted access to humanitarian organizations.
(d) Report of the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not generally applied and the provisions of the various conventions on liability and relations between them were difficult to understand.
The Advisory Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following questions at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission relating to the transfer of marine technology; (2) possible establishment of an internal procedure of IOC for the effective implementation of article 247 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, relating to scientific projects and oceanographic research carried out by or under the auspices of international organizations; and
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
Following that conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the heart of the international development agenda.
He hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States would follow the same pattern of review, and that the General Assembly would request the Secretary-General to submit an annual progress report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
Following a civil war that has ruined the national economy, Burundi cannot complete this programme of internal and external dislocation to fight poverty without the support of the international community.
This has a negative impact on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to transmit to the Secretary-General, in time for deliberation by the General Assembly at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways and means to strengthen and broaden participation in the standardized reporting system, including changes to its content and structure;
The difficulty of deciding at the outset whether the debtor should be subject to liquidation rather than reorganization proceedings led some countries to review their insolvency law and to replace separate proceedings with “unitary” proceedings.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, to school in view of potentially dangerous situations.
We attach high priority to working with our partners in WHO and others to encourage breastfeeding as the best solution to protect the health of children.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532) and the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and his continued efforts to bring about bilateral agreements with Member States in accordance with article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the authorities of Argentina, Belarus, Ecuador, Egypt (2), Guatemala, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria (3), Pakistan, Peru, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Tunisia (2), Turkey and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge will inform his or her personal and fiduciary financial interests and make every reasonable effort to be informed of the financial interests of his or her family members.
Member States reported on some difficulties encountered in the implementation of the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthen technology support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms; build human capacity; identify new technologies and applications; and encourage international collaboration in support of research in areas that are neglected;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile, as well as by the observers for Egypt and Croatia.
SAICM was discussed at the fourth session of IFCS (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In his opening statement, Mr. Kim Hak-Su welcomed the first substantive step in the process leading to the holding of a final international conference on chemicals management in 2006.
Response measures
I would like to say that working with you in the Council at the United Nations has been an enriching experience for me.
We particularly appreciate the determination and conviction with which you will defend the positions of your country in extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
SECTORITIES
A technical cooperation project for the Maputo Trade Point is under way and is expected to be completed by the end of 2003.
DMFAS is self-financed by making debt service procedures more efficient and by identifying inconsistencies in creditor agency claims.
It is a smaller country with a smaller population, but 2.2 million people are threatened with famine.
I still cannot understand why it is so difficult to accept that state of affairs.
2.8 The Secretary-General may submit additional proposals for the programme budget whenever appropriate.
Regulation 4.5 The Peacekeeping Reserve Fund is established as a cash-flow facility to enable the Organization to intervene quickly during the start-up phase of new peacekeeping operations or the expansion of existing operations, and to finance unforeseen and extraordinary expenses related to peacekeeping.
These agreements, inter alia, indicate the services to be provided by the Organization for full reimbursement of such expenses.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Recognizes that it is best in the interest of the Organization to give or dispose of the property at nominal prices to another intergovernmental organization, one Government, one public agency or another non-profit organization.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after full investigation, authorize the write-off of losses of cash, goods and other assets on the understanding that he or she shall submit to the Board of Auditors, together with the accounts, a statement of all such amounts written off.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally amended?
Abstaining:
The nature of confidence-building measures cannot, therefore, be defined and agreed upon on the basis of volunteerism, at the rate considered appropriate by States involved in the process.
Otherwise, developing countries will only be further marginalized.
In Kisangani, she met with the families of the victims of the May 2002 massacres and victims of sexual violations; she also visited the prison and the cachots.
The cost of constructing prefabricated offices is estimated at $985,671.
Special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of the working groups of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as the chairpersons of the human rights treaty bodies, are concerned that the fight against terrorism is used as a pretext to threaten human rights defenders and to target vulnerable groups from their origin and socio-economic consequences, which is particularly the case of migrants.
Why is this?
My fifth proposal is of a general character: it is to act on the source of these two scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting settlement of these conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and transitional Governments of these States be held accountable and brought to justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which calls upon regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and the States of the region in the full implementation of the arms embargo as a fundamental component of the Somali national reconciliation process.
Indeed, the League of Arab States played its role in responding to the deterioration of the political and security situation in the region, whether in Palestine, Iraq or regional security.
It also endeavoured to ensure that inspectors, when returning to Iraq, could work and move freely — an effort recognized in Security Council resolution 1441 (2002).
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Encourages the United Nations system to mainstream a gender perspective in all its programmes and policies, including in a coherent follow-up to United Nations conferences, in accordance with agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective, adopted by the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 1997, and welcomes the decision of the Economic and Social Council to devote one of the two themes to its substantive session of 2004;
It is true that a large number of countries covered by the HIPC Initiative do not implement adequately the IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
The main counsel that Mr. Duque can give to the Commission is not to allow this matter to take a political turn.
Strengthening United Nations action in the field of human rights through the promotion of international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that through increased efforts and implementation, a reasonable compromise can be reached on the issue of Security Council reform in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reaffirm once again that the People's Democratic Republic of Korea has fully discharged its obligations in accordance with the terms of the 1994 Joint Agreement between the People's Republic of Korea and the United States, until its withdrawal from the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopted the concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections may be submitted within seven days of the receipt of the record or of the closure of the session, whichever is later.
Welcoming the reorganization of the bureaux of the Committee and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation looked forward to working with them on issues such as space education and natural disaster mitigation.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of annual meetings with the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of the Office of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit on Sustainable Development to achieve more effective and coherent implementation of the three objectives of the Convention and to achieve by 2010 a significant slowdown in the current rate of biodiversity loss, which will require action at all levels, including the implementation of national biodiversity conservation strategies and action plans and the allocation of new and additional financial and technical resources to developing countries,
This budget should be adjusted to take into account the costs and resources resulting from the unification of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In operative paragraph 4, the words “staff” were replaced by the word “Professional” and the words “encourages the Secretary-General to intensify his efforts” were replaced by the words “encourages the Secretary-General and the executive heads of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned at the remaining challenges,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination, as contained in chapter III, section C.4 of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of Central Asian countries on trafficking in small arms and light weapons, during which a discussion was held on the ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, submitted in accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999, and the reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It is important that the Congress reverse its initial refusal to support national reparations and ensure the funding and institutional stability of payments by adopting the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed simply because they were Serbs and to send to all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must go and that there is no prospect of reconciliation or of achieving the multi-ethnic society provided for in Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and that we all wish to see.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps, a civil emergency organization.
For this reason, Israel's responsibility is to put an end to these violations of Lebanese airspace and to prevent their escalation of tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as set out below.
In this august Organization, there is and will always be zero tolerance for those who advocate intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence”.
The Committee agreed that the two secretariats should continue to cooperate.
At its resumed 2001 session, the Committee had before it the special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint filed by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that his only concern was to ensure that the NGO did not abuse its status with the Council by carrying out its activities in a manner that affected the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (from the 25th to 50th) were held.
However, linkages between areas, balances to be sought, chronological order, costs and benefits were extremely complex issues.
Angola hosted the Seventh Conference on Trade and Financing of Oil and Gas in Africa in May 2003.
If the answer is yes, please describe the steps that have been taken.
Individuals whose DNA is analysed also have the right to know who gather such information for whatever purpose, where it is stored and which may have access to it.
The criteria for issuance set out in the European Patent Convention are (i) new; (ii) informal activity; (iii) industrial application.
2 and 17.b) of the European Road Trademark Agreement of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Artists, Producers of Phonograms and Broadcasting Organizations of 26 October 1961.
(h) Obtain approval of the implementation plan;
For example, the rural male population has increased in the regions of North-East and South-West (from 49.8 per cent to 50.0 per cent and 49.1 per cent to 49.3 per cent respectively), while the South (from 49.8 per cent to 49.4 per cent), the North West (from 49.7 per cent to 49.5 per cent) and the Centre (from 50.1 per cent to 50.0 per cent).
Women and men also have equal rights with regard to the citizenship of their children.
The different methods of family planning were not well known before 1989 and couples were often using natural methods and condoms.
This re-evaluation takes into account the increase in the price of school supplies, food, clothing and other products of strict necessity for children, and is aimed at preventing school dropout, a phenomenon that has increased in recent years as a result of the decline in the financial resources of families with children.
Poor development activities in the most volatile areas of the country have not been without consequences.
Over 40 countries have benefited from the United Nations Development Group pilot common services programme, with donor grants to finance or improve common services provided to 24 country teams.
UNDP partnerships with the international financial institutions — particularly the Bretton Woods institutions — are focused on both the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and the poverty reduction strategy papers.
A representative may not, in raising a point of order, speak on the substance of the matter under discussion.
(e) Reiterate that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation designated the Commission as the focal point for discussion on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and reaffirm that partnerships, as voluntary initiatives by stakeholders, contribute to the implementation of intergovernmental commitments in the framework of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
FILIZATION OF THE DESTRUCTION IN INTERNATIONAL CONSTRAINTS
We look forward to your consideration of our proposal.
Thus, the proposal to impose an immediate moratorium on the commercial activities of the extractive industries in Liberia is based on past experiences and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
The view was expressed that model 3, as it was less than the other two of the current system, would lend itself to pilot use by several organizations.
Conditions of service of staff in the Professional and higher categories
As a result, the amounts of the mobility and hardship allowance would remain the same.
(e) Study on grade equivalencies between the United Nations civil service and the United States federal civil service.
The Panel subsequently noted that each of the loans was under way prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and assessment of progress towards sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights emphasized the importance of improving the response of the international community to violence by strengthening prevention efforts at the national level and through international cooperation.
While nearly 50 business leaders were present at the official launch of the Global Compact by the end of 2003, the Global Compact has become a well-developed international network with more than 1,000 companies worldwide, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, as well as academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by reporting institutions are reported.
• Flows (D) and Credit Forms (C)
Third Committee
From the outset, the landmine campaign brought about a climate of close consultation and cooperation among Governments, international organizations and similar NGOs.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11
The working group recognizes the importance of the summary to accompany the report.
Following these deliberations, the members of the Committee, on the basis of the provisions relating to the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on the work of its fortieth session (1997) approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, reached the following agreement, which will serve as the basis for the election of the officers of the Committee at the opening of its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue among States, indigenous peoples and other actors on the concept of indigenous peoples in the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III Theme for the session: “Indigenous children and youth”
(a) Indigenous Peoples Foundation;
Most Governments are aware of the growing threat posed by the continued illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and accord high priority to measures to mitigate this threat.
Those successes required long-term investments in economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations addressed law and order issues with the Special Committee.
Statement submitted by Congregation Our Lady of the Charity of the Good Shepherd, a non-governmental organization in special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 contains updated information on the financial situation of UNTAES and the Civilian Police Support Group as at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lauro Baja, Jr.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Booby Traps and Other Devices, as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, as amended on 3 May 1996) annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they be defined to facilitate monitoring and evaluation of results and that efforts be made to establish time frames for outputs.
The Advisory Committee is not convinced, however, that three additional posts should be established to provide ongoing military expertise.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continuing cooperation with grass-roots indigenous organizations, recognizing their marginalization and strengthening their capacity to address issues of national and international concern to them;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1356 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo would not apply to protective clothing, including bulletproof vests and military cases, temporarily exported to Somalia for their personal use by United Nations personnel, the media, humanitarian personnel, development assistance personnel and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the Centre for Research on Islamic History, Art and Culture (IRCICA) in Istanbul to preserve the cultural heritage and Islamic identity of the Muslim communities of non-OIC Member States.
The impact of the information society on economic and socio-cultural development was addressed, and urged industrial States to develop a programme of work that would enable developing States to benefit from communication technologies to bridge the digital divide and decided to participate actively in the World Summit on the Information Society and coordinate their positions.
Condemns all forms of repression against refugees, including armed attacks on refugee camps, and pressure on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, in particular to strengthen Islamic solidarity among Member States and to consolidate their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and in all vital sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to achieve consensus on its programme of work, including the establishment of subsidiary negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, the prevention of an arms race in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and effective international measures to protect non-nuclear States from the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls for the Conference on Disarmament to start substantive work on the prevention of an arms race in outer space as soon as possible.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons
Resolution No. 7/30-E on the external debt of member States and other OIC Member States
Thanks the IDB for organizing a workshop in Istanbul from 14 to 16 September 2002 on “private sector investment and the role of IDB in Member States” in collaboration with the relevant OIC institutions, and also thanks the Republic of Turkey for hosting the workshop.
Notes with appreciation the draft resolutions contained in the report of the ninth meeting of the private sector.
Further calls upon Member States with technical infrastructure for the conservation and restoration of manuscripts to provide scholarships to the staff of the Institute, with a view to enhancing their expertise in this field.
Recalling further United Nations resolution No. 49/60 on the Declaration of Principles for the Fight against International Terrorism;
With regard to the entire West African region, which I hope will receive the Council and other agencies of the United Nations system, following our mission and report, the subregional problems are enormous, and we have listed them in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the work of the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be decisive in order to avoid a possible conflict if necessary action is not taken.
These negotiations can have a number of disadvantages because they require highly skilled and experienced staff and have increased risk of abusive or corrupt practices.
In the accompanying letter, the Commission requested “comments on specific provisions to facilitate the preparation of an analytical commentary to be submitted to the Commission”.
It was therefore necessary to combine economic and political efforts and implement all relevant United Nations resolutions calling for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from all occupied territories and proclaiming the right of the Palestinian people to a politically independent and economically viable State.
Following the adoption of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003), the Minister of Finance of Jordan, in its note No. 12/3/16/2908 of 3 April 2003, provided the customs authorities with the names of the individuals and entities listed in the Consolidated List and requested them to prohibit the customs clearance of goods imported or exported by such persons or entities and to confiscate them if they are in the territory and to provide the Customs Department with all relevant information.
Invites States to review and reform, where appropriate, legislation and practices so as to raise the minimum age of marriage to 18 years, with or without the consent of parents, for both girls and boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteur with all relevant information sources, including a compilation of studies and publications on the impact of terrorism and the impact of counter-terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends the following draft resolution for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session:
Furthermore, the Committee has no objection to the fact that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the Emergency Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 are supplemented by an amount not exceeding $200,000 (see A/58/214, para.
Each subsystem is adapted to the computer environment and the procedures of the organization concerned.
Participants and beneficiaries will be the first to see improved services.
Group of 77 (Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important instrument for social change, as it allows everyone to acquire new values and change relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights enshrines the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and affirms that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, that everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in the Declaration, without distinction of any kind, and that the individual has duties to the community in which only the free and full development of his or her personality is possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to assert that local staff must fulfil their obligations under the national service and several Eritreans working for UNMEE have been arrested.
The Committee will encourage those who provide assistance to focus, through expanded capacity-building programmes, on counter-terrorism capacity; to give greater priority to training and to ensure that programmes are implemented in a timely and results-oriented manner.
12.44 This subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Division on Investment, Enterprise Development and Technology.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they amounted to $21,478,915, including advances made by several Member States on their contributions for the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or place where their lives are in danger and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers from leaving a country where their lives are in danger;
There is a growing tendency to give priority to peace to the detriment of justice, which can be understood in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises in a peace process, but which in fact undermines the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear no objection, I shall take it that the Assembly adopts this suggestion.
The General Assembly should elect 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded this stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
However, she regretted that there were still countries that had not yet adopted it in some areas where the proliferation of ballistic missiles remained an urgent problem.
In view of the proposed establishment of new reception centres for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration and the increase in the workload of the Section, a net increase of 38 posts is proposed.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, his delegation supported a broad scope of application.
As it had done in previous instalments, the Panel reviewed the claims in part two of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after assessing the evidence and other evidence, balancing the interests of the claimants who had to flee a war zone and those of Iraq, which is liable only for losses and losses arising directly from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
However, to address this problem, our State looks forward to future assistance from the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The Palestinian Authority's media, educational institutions and religious and political figures inculcate hatred, glorify and provide moral bail, both human and divisive, to massacres.
If we are on schedule, each will have the opportunity to address the Council.
Let Israel end the occupation of our territory, which it stop sending settlers, and cease to flout our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess progress made with regard to the clean development mechanism and, where necessary, take appropriate action, recommends that the Conference of the Parties consider including in its decision on the guidelines to the Executive Board the following preambular paragraphs and paragraph.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections were suspended, but the Cuttle Government attempted to improve the provision of local services, leading to a number of reforms, particularly in the area of revenue-sharing.
In accordance with Sub-Commission resolution 2002/21, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had selected as the main themes of its work in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004: “Resolution of disputes concerning indigenous issues”; in 2005: “Protection of indigenous traditional knowledge at the national and international levels”; and in 2006: “Indigenous children and youth”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting a grant shall be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
Role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and the continued development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
General Assembly resolution 57/65 on the relationship between disarmament and development and why it was not mentioned in the programme document was mentioned.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2
In real terms, expenditure on children increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having also considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to New Caledonia,
Therefore, there should be no special reference to the right of peoples to struggle by arms for self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): Participation of civil society in general and NGOs in particular is prescribed by the Convention process.
d Pledges to the sessions of the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities in November 2000 for 2001 and November 2002 for the year 2003.
As at 16 January 2003, the total new voluntary contributions, available for the twenty-second session of the Board, amounted to only 551,548 (see table 1 above).
(d) If the purpose of the action is to terminate or terminate the employment contract and, in the opinion of the Head of State, the Head of Government or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the employer State, such action may interfere with the security interests of the State;
This session will be held at the Fiera Milano Congress Centre, Milan.
Whether this process is properly recognized and designated (transition society or knowledge society) or not, any development that strengthens knowledge acquisition systems, destroys human potential, enhances its value and promotes it to social, economic and political life, brings it closer to a society in this new phase of development.
Mary Ann informed me of his intention to leave UNHCR for personal and professional reasons, and I did so without regret.
The Committee suggests that all age groups should be included in the Friends of the Chair indicator.
Emphasizing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts made by the Government of Peru and other countries in this regard, as well as the important work done by the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Attribution of non-permanent seats to regions
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete the subparagraph.
The representative of any regional agreement or agency should, in writing, notify the President of the Security Council of his wish to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how better guidance could be provided for the implementation of such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee requests the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies it has adopted to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of the legislative provisions on equality between men and women, including in the field of women's representation at different levels of government and the civil service.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety and security of all personnel under the auspices of the United Nations participating in the Force;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (General Assembly resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 53/242)1
Basic economic laws are under consideration, including investment and business registration laws and a draft bankruptcy law.
It is encouraging to note that there have been no recent developments in the late 2002 and early this year.
The fourth key point is that the Government of East Timor has managed to generate $44.1 million of income, including $26.7 million for income from the Timor Sea in the current year, which shows that the State is increasingly able to mobilize its own resources.
The carrier should not deal with the liability of the performing carrier.
Additional statements and contributions regarding the elaboration of the draft instrument
(d) To generally encourage activities aimed at strengthening the independence of the judiciary and the Bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and increasing over the years.
One of them was reportedly executed at the main entrance of the university, for the purpose of creating a climate of terror after a demonstration organized shortly by students.
The international community should address this growing trend towards the use of excessive force;
We would also like to reiterate that, with regard to the controversy over the issue of agent inner XV and the charcoal, which were unilaterally destroyed by Iraq, it made concrete proposals during the recent technical discussions with Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February, with the aim of resolving the issues considered by the former Special Commission as vague or unresolved.
In the past, efforts have been made in the form of proposed texts in the hope of bringing us out of this political impasse.
We intend to increase the number of customs and procurement experts in monitoring imports in Iraq.
Let us achieve peace because we can build on it if we sincerely seek to achieve it, with unwavering determination and political will.
I wish again to express to them the confidence and full support of France in their mission.
However, Spain is aware that peace and security are guaranteed by compliance with and implementation of Security Council resolutions and will arrive at a time when, owing to the lack of a change in political attitudes, the lack of a renewed willingness to cooperate by the regime of Saddam Hussein, the Council will be obliged to assume its responsibilities in the name of international peace and security.
From this point of view, the efforts of the international community and the Security Council towards the Baghdad regime continue to be the main factor in ensuring Iraq's cooperation with the inspectors, and this is also the main condition for a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) Be consistent with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
Financial entities;
As we have indicated, Egypt has signed or ratified all conventions except the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which reflects its positive attitude towards the fight against terrorism.
Moreover, as it is impossible to build confidence in the day after, we must remain patient to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7
Senior Legal Officer
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia still attract a large audience, and a third should soon be opened in Adigrat.
In some cases, for example in the water sector, the number of transnational corporations capable of operating worldwide is very limited.
In the context of these principles, the Government of Croatia has undertaken a range of social and economic reforms aimed at promoting employment growth and social well-being, such as the effective implementation of its National Strategy for the Eradication of Poverty and the Fight against Social Exclusion and the creation of social partnerships that will accord priority to human resources and ensure that education and science are central to the pursuit of social progress.
The 218th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be held on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism has been installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 2003)1
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 2003)1
For persons with disabilities to fully enjoy their rights, the international community should widely support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account historical, cultural and development differences among countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be guided by all international norms and standards concerning disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also those arising from resolutions of United Nations bodies and agencies.
The African Union affirmed that African peoples should strive to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of affirmative action for persons with disabilities.
In order for the divisions of the secretariat to have sufficient resources, the 13 per cent charge against the project budgets should be allocated to the project implementation division.
The disruption in the provision of medicines, consumables and spare parts for equipment — especially for emergency services, therapeutic and surgical units and other services for both adults and children — has made it extremely difficult for medical personnel to provide their care.
Is this policy meaningful?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/11 in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and in accordance with the provisions of its Constitution relating to compliance with international law.
[17 June 2003]
Employment has progressed slowly and the unemployment rate has remained at a reasonably low level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[21 May 2003]
Limited access to energy sources and high fuel costs and resulting shortages have had serious implications for urban transport, increasing production costs and adversely affecting the efficient development of social and urban activities.
Introduction
Verify who is the applicant with a bank account and wishes to transfer more than US$ 10,000 or the equivalent in another currency.
Article 35 (1) of the Rules provides that:
For example, it could, as proposed by the Secretary-General, establish a multi-stakeholder debt restructuring task force whose discussions and conclusions could be brought to the attention of intergovernmental decision-making bodies.
