It is therefore concerned that there is no concern when laws aimed at combating terrorism provide the agencies responsible for the maintenance of the law and the intelligence of exceptional powers of monitoring and investigation.
Ms. Buznidna (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur considers its future work programme of work and whether he considered missions.
First, it is necessary to increase the cause of the Government, in particular in security institutions, and to intensify efforts to unity and national reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including war-free and Taliban — benefit from illicit trafficking in narcotic drugs.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend in the most fundamental principles of international humanitarian law, and which raises critical issues to which it is urgent.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure broad dissemination of its concluding observations at all levels of society, including among State officials and members of the judiciary, and to inform him in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement those observations.
If additional funds were available for programmes in Africa, the resources planned for the region in the programme budget would increase, as suggested by the high assumption.
Adoption of the report on credentials
6 See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, in the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 a P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the Web site in order to strengthen the language capacity of the site.
Organizational structure
A new guide for gender analysis in 2003.
Statistics (see the replies to the list of issues, pages 32-33) seem to show that the impact was to reduce access to women's benefits.
In that connection, it should be focused on the needs of the least developed countries as the participation of those countries in global trade remains marginalized and, until there is no member of the World Trade Organization.
Special Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq and our Governments.
This is for us, as in Iraq, a priority commitment.
Following this statement, my country believes that the draft resolution is an effective means of strengthening pressure on Iraq to comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
It is an attempt to re-election.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.3), adopted decision 2/CP.8 entitled “Implementation and transfer of technology” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The legislative reforms proposed, among other things, require the provision of technical assistance, including for the acquisition of equipment necessary to strengthen security in the ports of entry and training of staff, in particular in the area of detection documents.
Noting that Governments of some Territories have sought to meet financial standards of financial monitoring,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
When considering the organization's organization's work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/11 which contains the guiding principles concerning the implementation of the rules of procedure of the Sub-Commission on the functional commissions of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other decisions and practices.
The evaluation of the level of education of girls in the Horn of Africa and East Africa has allowed to find the causes of the problem, already identified: the extent of the household's domestic tasks and the financial consequences of girls' education is the main social factors that prevent education with boys; it should be added to the lack of textbooks.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly will come at the time when we responded to the Secretary-General's appeal on the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, it seems that there is still a number of acts to be a number of acts to be addressed to that future generations.
In that context of economic difficulties, the Government has devoted more than 5 million, the last year, designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
Recommendation No. 23/2001 (ICESL)
The initial judgement was made in favour of applicants but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently completed this judgement.
The Government asserts that these persons were arrested for an investigation with Israeli forces in order to reverse the legal Government.
Mr. Yawowi Aboyo, lawyer, former parliament, Chairman of the Committee of Action for the renewal of a political party, was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to a penalty of six months and detained in the Jenin civilian prison, despite his appeal.
The Working Group, in this opinion, requests the Government to adopt the necessary measures to address the situation, in accordance with the standards and principles set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
It should be first place to respond to the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves, within appropriate options and deadlines for the continuation of their respective decolonization processes.
The settlement of this issue will not be a means of strengthening confidence.
These historical initiatives help to better identify the needs and aspirations of the peoples of colonial domination by providing radiation to a highly competitive world economy.
Only, the United Nations is responsible for a legitimate mandate by its Charter and has the legal and political authority and international legitimacy to meet the most important challenges to international peace and security.
At the same time, the United Nations must not only continue its tasks in Iraq, but also the expansion and support to the Iraqi people.
UNAIDS is currently preparing a position to advise on HIV/AIDS at the headquarters of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, which coordinates the comprehensive strategy and initiatives to facilitate work in missions.
In accordance with article 5, paragraph 3, of its substantive rules, the organization, on the proposal of its general coordinator and in prior consultation with the Executive Board, has taken the exclusion of Ms. Many of Ms. Audita de la Francophonie, regardless of her status in the organization's organizational status, which has violated the work of the Commission on Human Rights and failed to comply with the delegation of the United States.
The Movement, in accordance with article 3, shall carry out its activities through the following bodies:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the National Commission on Human Rights on Mongolia.
If, in the view of some members of the Working Group, this provision should not be included in insolvency legislation and could be left to the common law, it was observed that it was closely linked to recommendation 70 and should, for clarity and legal security, be included in insolvency law.
Following a discussion, the proposal to delete the second sentence of recommendation was received.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also part of many international treaties on corruption, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Suppression of Money Laundering of Money Laundering and Related Crimes, and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of establishing the United Nations system for a school school was the sense that it had become necessary to improve coherence and effectiveness of international public service.
(c) The point of view is whether or not desirable, taking into account the nature of the activity, to grant non-compliance with exclusive rights;
In a case such as in the other case, the position of the market cannot be regarded as automatically.
However, the United Nations trade activity includes high-income products that have little to the world.
Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/C.12/Rev.1) 12 February 1992.
In 2002, the direction and composition of the secretariat, which had been insufficient.
In addition to the documentation of the session of the Group, these three documents will be not all loans to the session, but they may be consulted on the UNCTAD website, as well as all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessions
The three options are not mutually exclusive.
However, when they are present, the Republic of Haiti has been able to follow up.
This system has demonstrated its effectiveness in its part in the most visible manner, namely the electronic submission of documents in the hands of the language.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also refers to the principle of the failure of the Rome Statute to whether the body — the Court or the Council — is entitled to consider in the first individual criminal cases concerning the officials or staff present or over a State party to the Rome Statute on acts or omissions of the United Nations.
It is also the view that the Secretary-General has followed before the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
It is particularly important that the International Criminal Court, which 90 States are at this day, has become a reality, taking into account the election, the year of its 18 judges and the Prosecutor and the first appointment of his Registrar.
Although the Declaration of Human Rights was signed by all factions involved in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, those factions continued to combat and import or use of weapons.
The first consignee of weapons and ammunition of the Government of Ethiopia had been identified by the former.
According to British Customs officials in Nairobi and London, heroin is introduced in fraud in Somalia by vessels from South-East Asia to be released to Africa and West Africa.
Singapore
Policies that have marked its first year to the power of the country on equipment.
The legislation in force in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and create an effective protection system in order to ensure that United Nations personnel and associated personnel can fulfil their security missions.
Although there was no tangible results.
The Friends of fish consider that fisheries subsidies affect the environment and the exhaustion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
It has been particularly used for the development of a common language for United Nations personnel in the prevention of armed conflict, through interaction and experience.
The Panel has also been responsible for providing other methods of financing for future health insurance.
The management contracts between UNDP and various donors have been implemented by the Office of Support Services ( UNOPS).
Table 7 Distribution by the region of expenditure for management contracts for the completed period from 31 December 2002 and 31 December 2001
Table 8 provides a summary of the accounts for offices and homes outside headquarters.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of the 16 accused were women's culture.
The Church is likely to be the largest institution in Samoa.
In practice, the police provided that a police officer is present when a victim of violence in homes or sexual abuse.
The Overseas Sea Financial Centre is headed by a Legal Legal Officer and its staff shall include another legal officer.
The pregnancy of pregnancy has always been a particular point in rural areas, and there is generally concerted efforts to prevent the girl child as soon as possible as possible to fear that the situation does not reaffirm the punishment of the family involved in the part of the village.
Non-governmental organizations
No effort must be made to re-establish this process while preserving any price established under the standard of age, 30 years and always to be relevant to biological weapons.
This legislation is many of the importance of Armenia, since it creates adequate legislative basis for a future strengthening of the export control system in the country, a key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance is a particularly important challenge for our time and an essential imperative in building a world to ensure the development of nations in universal harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation from Belgrade to the Mission to associate itself with the search for a solution to the issues related to the opening of two new border crossing points in the Kosovo border of Serbia and Montenegro.
Accordingly, the United Kingdom fully supports the political policy before the statute.”
I associate itself with the members of the Council to thank Mr. Annabi for his briefing and information it has provided.
India will provide sufficient information on its comments and will also be able to address the problems raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 2626th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. George Fall (Senegal) (spoke in French) (spoke in French) (spoke in French) and R-2950A. W. W. W. Farh.
In particular, it was expected to continue to modernize the technical components of this system in order to ensure the continued presence of the Internet, including by the “The Question of Palestine” of United Nations on the page of the United Nations under the heading “ Peace and Security”, and to expand its collection in new and former documents.
Summary of draft resolution A/C.1/63/L.2
1.15 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by acts of terrorism
However, before their floor, I would like to make some introductory remarks at the time when Japan took the Chair of the Conference.
The Committee on Development Policy had to address the issue at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General will address this issue in a report to the General Assembly.
Ms. Gabr would like to know about the vision of France for the future on special measures.
It covers the past period since the first report of ISAF III, and also the final assessment of the efforts of NATO III before the UNIFIL command.
Comment.
(iii) The decision taken by the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not possible.
(6) The idea that the unilateral act is made in principle of a single State appears to be a sense of meaning, to address the matter.
Mr. M. M. Thomas (Bulgaria): As previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the United States and British delegations for their very comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
Therefore, the fight against desertification and the mitigation of drought through sustainable development policies represent a major challenge at the global level.
The socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has until the nuclear warheads and their components.
Developments and claims
29F.21 The objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat services of the United Nations Secretariat in Vienna provide support to the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and cooperate fully with the implementation of human resources reform reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive strategy for combating drugs based on close cooperation between interested parties and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between the Cuban authorities and the authorities of India were defined in the border security plan between Mexico and Guatemala.
The countries of this region were in the process of study all the implications of such a establishment.
Ms. Alfonso Martínez (Azerbaijan), speaking in note of the fact that Armenia had applied all the relevant provisions of the Security Council resolutions, asked that it is the main requirement of the Council concerning the immediate and unconditional withdrawal of the former armed forces of the Territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I have committed the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and unhindered implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the United Nations Information and Communications Technology Group, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003 at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council meetings
The commitment of the self-government authorities in Kosovo is crucial to break the power of this crime and is in the sense of concrete results that we look forward to their capacity to exercise their responsibilities.
If the situation is to a return to peace, UNRWA will need to address the demands of a conflict in post-conflict recovery and development phase, and to launch a special appeal to that end it had launched for its implementation of the Oslo Agreements.
(ii) A decrease of 300,000 costs for the maintenance of local premises, due to the non-post requirements for 2002-2003;
2.79 Ali Ali d'affaires a.g. the health policy and the provision of services for those host authorities in order to maximize the use of resources and avoid duplication of activity and conflicts.
Preventing and combating diseases
1.14.1 To increase the level of the use of computers and disseminating the office of office.
Table 15 operational and technical services: resources required by category of expenditure
Improving the status of women in rural areas
- The word “technical” after the word “technical” in the first line and insert the word “to and” after the word “ technical”, for that text reads as follows: “ technical and effective”.
(d) To ensure that the various institutional actors take due account of the values of public service, in particular in respect of behaviour, the sound management of resources, the sound management of resources, transparency, evaluation, accountability, accountability and commitment to the citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of measures imposed by paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002),
Any initiative for indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
Let us do so, and we are now engaged in Côte d'Ivoire to work and to resume our activities, such as in the past, and we are working with all neighbouring countries of the subregion.
It would be expected to be able to improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The export Authority is invited, prior to the approval of a certificate, to require the contractor that it has a statement indicating that rough diamonds are not diamonds.
Other progress made:
(c) To consider how the Committee's recommendation of the United Nations Board to ensure that the Registrar is working to reduce the costs of executive advice that in close to the headquarters of the Tribunal may be followed, in the context of the international nature of the Tribunal, and to make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the problem of late communication.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the arms collection programme had recorded delays and the process of destruction of weapons.
It was also said that the distinction between contractual and real aspects, in this regard, was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the decision taken by the Committee at its first session, a pre-session working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the opinion of the child
(f) To devote more resources, as well as specialized education, including vocational training and assistance to families with disabilities;
(a) To develop a set of measures to update the implementation of the provisions of the Convention on Children and parents (in particular, inter alia, initiatives to reach persons who are illiterate or have not benefited from school education), civil society and all sectors and levels of the Government, including the Permanent Representative;
(d) The difficulties in raising awareness of parents to their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective mechanisms for periodic review of the treatment provided for in the child and any other circumstances relating to its employment.
It was therefore the view that the approach to strengthening and improve the human rights elements and control of persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia sent to the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, a letter to the Secretary-General, which was illegal, illegal and irresponsible, and rejected the demarcation process.
Recommendation of the General Assembly
Figure 5.
The reform of the United Nations as such as should not be our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics by the Electoral Assistance Division have confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344), which provided technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the form of assistance.
I hope that you will join today as an updated tool to ensure the evolution of the priorities for protection and that it will be useful to the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the needs and rights of civilians in the relevant resolutions and mandates of the Security Council.
In this regard, I would like to mention the very important resolution on the basis of Mexico and adopted by the Council during the presidency of the Security Council in August, on the protection of United Nations personnel, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict areas.
Civil populations must not be taken hostage by the factions in war committed to denying that access to humanitarian assistance.
The recommendations of the Council are verified by the secretariat of the Fund for their compliance with the relevant United Nations rules, and submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of decision-making in the context of the Fourth Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization on Review, through the Council of the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, which affect trade, links between the Agreement on Trade and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Stressing the importance of the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to take effective measures in respect of impunity and responsibility and promoting reconciliation,
The Security Council emphasized the importance that it attaches to the successful conduct of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhul ( Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Youngío (Colombia), Mr. Vassako (Greece), Mr. Gwang (India), Mr. G-mail (Belgium), Mr. M. H.E. Mr. M. M.E. Mr. M. M. M. M.E. Mr. Mr. M. M. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. M. Mr. M. M. M. M. M. Mr. Mr. Mr. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr. M. M. M. M. Mr. Mr. M. M. Mr. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M
I would like to stress on three issues concerning the drug situation in Afghanistan.
I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for the generous and continuing role of the Government to lead to combating narcotic drugs.
States may do not act in isolation from this problem.
(d) Effective risk management and internal control systems; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their internal law, to accelerate extradition procedures and to streamline the requirements of evidence relating to the offences applicable to which it applies to the present article.
(i) Any entity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, where they are or in place where other persons concerned;
The preparatory work will indicate that this article has not to require the continuation of minor offences.
The State Party should consider seeking to request a final judgement in cases where the judgement may not be obtained from the fact that the author of the offence may not be prosecuted for death, birth or absence or other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Oversight Services adopted a guideline prepared with the assistance of the Office of Financing for Programme Financing of Programmes, relating to the systematic review of the oversight mechanisms of country offices regarding the appeals of funds, management of other contributions to donors and reporting on the use of funds.
Each centre shall organize three training courses for five training courses, in collaboration with national authorities, various agencies and programmes of the United Nations system (including UN-Habitat, UNDP, UNEP, UNEP, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank Institute and the Office of the World Compact), the Inter-Parliamentary Union (such as the Inter-Parliamentary Union, the Inter-Parliamentary Union, the Inter-Parliamentary Union, the World Bank, the International Association of the World Bank, the World Bank of the World Bank, the World Bank, the World Bank, the World Bank, the United Nations Development Federation, the World Bank, the United Nations Development Federation, the United Nations Development Association, the United Nations Regional Association of the United Nations Regional Association, the World Bank, the United Nations Regional Association, the United Nations Development Association, the World Bank, the United Nations Development Federation, the United Nations Regional Association of the United Nations Regional Association of the United Nations Development Federation, the United Nations Development Bank, the World Bank, the United Nations Development Bank, UNDP, the United Nations Development Federation, the United Nations Development Federation, the United Nations Development Federation, the United Nations Development Fund, the United Nations Development Federation, UNDP, the United
For further information, please contact Ms. Mr. Gudud (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination was maintained as a basis for negotiations.
(f) The status of anti-personnel mines programmes referred to in articles 4 and 5, including information on methods that will be used for the destruction, location of all places of destruction and standards in respect of security and environmental protection.”
The Internet is the following: http://www.un.org/Matan.m.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.18 entitled “Cent external debt and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
From September 2000 to April 2003, at least 12 737 Palestinians have seen their homes by the Israeli military forces who had returned to cities with the support of helicopters, armoured aircraft and helicopters and destroyed the homes of explosives while their inhabitants were still.
Cooperation of Member States is therefore essential in this struggle.
On this point, I will not like to make details.
Madam President, I thank you for organizing this meeting.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) and the emphasis on the threat of Al-Qaida.
Finally, she said that it would ensure that the Secretariat should take into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain regarding the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4786th meeting of the Security Council
Decision on draft resolutions A/C.2/57/L.6/Rev.1 (Programme budget implications: A/C.1/63/L.43), A/C.2/57/L.153) and A/C.2/57/L.60
Signature: Poland (1 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 -- Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of the proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have provided examples of other official statistics, which develop and publish statistics in their own activities.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It is strongly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and agreements concluded at the 1995 Review Conferences and 2000 and requests the rapid and complete implementation of 13 practical measures agreed at the 2000 Conference.
The ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians of the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after the cessation of active hostilities, where civilian losses are often high.
Summary by the President
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do likewise?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it had intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the consideration of human rights issues, as the Declaration and Programme of Action adopted on 25 June 1993 by the World Conference on Human Rights,
On 30 May 2003, the unfortunate incident was an influence on many conclusions of the interim report of the Special Rapporteur (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the humanitarian situation resulting from the prolonged drought and the impact of long-term conflict.
Nepal therefore urged the High Commissioner to consider this issue in more detail.
(continued)
Article 11
Article 3
When the discussions are limited and that a member or a representative exceeds the time that has been granted, the President shall immediately remind the President immediately.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Article 87
Article 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
The reports, official decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention are distributed by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and to the States concerned and, according to the Committee's decision, to members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested beneficiaries.
States parties shall submit to the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on the measures they have taken to give effect to their commitments under this Convention, within one year of the entry into force of the Convention for the State party.
In the exercise of their mandate, the rapporteurs may, with the understanding of the Committee's visits to the State party.
The Chairman remains under the authority of the Committee.
Article 71
The acts of systematic violence committed in the Masa-Kasa area have been carried out during three periods:
At the 12 October, the soldiers of the Arctic entered into the house of the witness to Mr. Kasa.
All persons who have been interviewed confirmed that there were very many cases of rape of girls, including some of the age of 10 years.
It was on the basis of the report of the Team that a new trial was opened against 27 suspects of the Arctic forces.
World road security crisis
Once established, this entity is subject to a series of sanctions under the law on the suppression of terrorism.
A working group of experts, including representatives of various countries and Pacific organizations and assisted by two Vice-Aligned and Australia, is currently preparing the model provisions.
Implementation of the review procedure for the benefit of mechanisms
Their role should be clarified and the powers and responsibilities that are better defined.
Of the 42.8 million dollars for the maintenance of the operation of the financial period ended 30 June 2002, only 28.4 per cent of the total total, 66 per cent of the total total, 66 per cent of the total amount had been paid to the end of the period.
OIOS recommended that the Office to establish appropriate mechanisms to address the increased number of nominations received through the e-mail system; to promote mobility in the various duty stations and to ensure that the monitoring of administrative procedures are linked to the need to ensure that the electronic certification system is linked to the need to ensure that the electronic certification system is linked to the necessary institutional frameworks;
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors conduct an assessment of the capacity and professional expertise required to OIOS to ensure internal audit services and investments of the Fund, according to the generally accepted standards for the internal audit, and to report on this assessment at its next audit on the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Reports on the abuse of a computer-based office
The financial institutions are required to notify regularly any suspicious commercial transaction and to monitor close any discipline.
Having considered the report with the assistance of its experts, the Counter-Terrorism Committee has written to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to share its preliminary comments.
This offence is committed by any person who shall organize or facilitate the entry into the national territory of a person who is aware of the same reason, or has a good reason for the purpose of which it is a smuggling of persons or intended to seek asylum.
The number of women in official and local positions, as well as the participation of women in previous tables.
- The establishment of formal committees in institutions to assess the situation of academic women and to report.
13.3 The Government is committed to providing a large-scale pension regime as far as possible, as well as aware of the fact that persons who have taken any professional activity to assume their own family responsibilities.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of domestic violence Act, 1996 (Law of 1996 on violence within the family) which, inter alia, trafficking in orders of prohibition and judicial judgements and provides for large powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The next revision of the Charter will be particularly particularly in the light of the possibility of free access to information services.
Stressing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, New Caledonia, aggression, occupation and foreign domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is essential to the full enjoyment by human rights and women of their rights,
Article 12
States parties recognize human rights and women's same rights with regard to the law on the right of people to movement and to choose their residence and home.
Meetings
It could also request the Working Group I to cooperate closely with the Working Group IV ( electronic commerce) on the aspects of procurement legislation related to electronic commerce.
- Calls upon information under article 44 (1) (1) of the Law on banking institutions in the report with the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against the United States agencies (Ragalm.2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Commission decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have limited the growth of GDP in the region, the uncertainty that they have created most of the scholarships for the region, where the general trend in 2002 has been reduced with some minor occasions.
Such plans include improvement, early warning systems and the establishment of continuous communications among areas or communities.
UNESCO, United Nations Educational, Red Cross and a number of organizations involved in promoting the conservation of biological diversity within which remote sensing and IMIS will have a broad place.
The various issues have been subject to thematic discussions and draft resolutions were presented and discussed at the 11th to the 15th meeting, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.2/57/PV.11 to 15 October (see A/C.2/57/PV.11-6).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human Rights and Peoples, concerning the prohibition of forced evictions,
Welcomes the fact that the Representative of the Secretary-General continues to appeal to the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement in its dialogue with Governments and with intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations and other relevant actors, and requests the Secretary-General to continue its efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on preparing its deployment in the country.
The remuneration of the two other judges is scheduled for the proposed budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Section 1
The elections will be issued, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 16/194, Chief Obayak and the city of Marti v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX, annex IX, para.
Bangladesh is regulated in large part of civil and criminal proceedings established during the British regime.
He published and disseminated in all countries of the reporting procedure to follow-up and the need for a registration of births and marriage in order to raise awareness of the public and to obtain active cooperation.
Response to recommendation 46: In its development plans, the Government has followed a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the evolution of the nature of requests for assistance and the increasing need for some types of specialized assistance to the medium-term means to support and strengthen capacity of the Government, in particular the capacity of national electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age of marriage is the same for men and women and at least 18 years.
UNDP intends to provide more important support to the national reconciliation process, restoration of social cohesion and economic recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of its report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257); it also emphasizes that, globalization did not take due consideration of the human component, the interdependence of economies did not take into account the right to employment.
His country continues to work to improve cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
The text contained in section A of chapter II (resolution 2003/...).
At the date of the closing date of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 States parties to the Convention had made the statement under article 14, paragraph 1, of that instrument.
Concluding observations of the State party to the Convention
However, the periodic report, however, of the measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts which were traditionally concentrated on the Greek and former Yugoslav minorities.
They claim that there was a violation by Denmark of article 2 (d) and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant claims that the author's claim, as a decision of the High Court of the East region, dated 5 February 1999, a incident of racial discrimination is not in itself in a violation of the honour and reputation of a person in article 26 of the Civil Responsibility Act.
“The President,
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Council to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno for Peacekeeping Operations, and Mr. Peter P., Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting on military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted to the future in the context of the proposed programme budget.
A description of the general and summary of the activity will be provided in section B.3.1, with information on the effects of greenhouse gases as well as the type and relevance of technical used (e.g. production).
Environment, economic and social dimensions
The President announced that Costa Rica joined the draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above) would help to address this problem.
The provision of additional and additional financial resources should be made available to developing countries.
Participants in the Third World Water Forum, which was held in Japan, had developed a plan of action to identify a number of projects throughout the world and to establish a web site to accelerate water activities.
(See annex to the present document a summary of expenditure on those activities.
24.6 The proposed amount of $2,951,200 (a) for the purpose of financing: (a) will provide for: (a) the maintenance of 10 posts [4 Professional posts, 6 General Service (Other level)).
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system as well as its unique capacity and experience in coordination of assistance in conflict and post-conflict situations, inter alia, on the protection and respect for human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting)
Service
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, the concluding observations without a vote.
Article 103 provides that the elections shall be held in secret ballot, unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of a election to a post unless a candidate.
(ii) A representative of an Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study and mitigate the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session a report on the status and implementation of the Agreement on the Implementation of the provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982 on the Conservation and Management of Transboundary Fish Stocks, and related instruments, as requested by the General Assembly, on the implementation of the relevant United Nations conventions and related to the United Nations Convention on the Convention on the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Development Assistance Framework Convention on the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Development Assistance to the United Nations Development Programme on the United Nations Development of Programme of Programme on the General Assembly at its fifty-wide Elimination of the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Development Convention on the International Convention on the United Nations Development Convention on the United Nations Convention on the United Nations Convention on
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under agenda items entitled “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Financing of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the issue of all two years from its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects
World Solidarity Fund
Promotion of youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the new progress made in the efforts of the United Nations system for children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake the general assessment of the scope and effectiveness of the measures taken by the United Nations system, including the recommendations aimed at strengthening, strengthening and to continue to take into account the relevant activities of the United Nations system and to present at its fifty-eighth session;
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility and relevance of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies is the responsibility of the only Member States.
The Millennium Declaration, as well as the Monterrey Declaration on Financing for Development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development have demonstrated great hope in the international community, in particular with developing countries to see the emergence of a stable, just and sustained socio-economic order.
This purpose cannot be achieved by a multilateral and comprehensive multilateral approach and the development of transparent strategies that would enable us to release the world of nuclear weapons.
- Organization of sports in the various types of sports, support to schools, sections and sports for children and young people and the acquisition of sports materials.
The programme of awareness for Latin America and the Caribbean, which responded to the needs of poor communities in particular, continued to focus on innovative information and education tools and to build partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy of the Strategy for the Secretary-General.
Access to market access, including inflation and inflation, restrict exports from developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected to the Committee for a three-year period of three years, from 1 January 2001, the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of the laws, regulations and/or procedures, which allows in your country to control the transfers of such funds or assets, including:
The Council must also strengthen the political framework of the peace process — in a word, the momentum of the momentum to that peace process, which has made a real progress, as I think it is necessary, but that needs to be released on them.
We believe that this is important for everyone is also important.
We appreciate the recent establishment of a Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau within the Economic and Social Council, in which Brazil participated.
The Council will recall the meeting of the Security Council of 22 October 2002, devoted to strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region for the maintenance of peace and security, which led to the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
Annex
(Signed) Kumalo
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
He recalled that “The Security Council had to fulfil its obligations and to disarm, and not on the inspectors to find it that Iraq had attempted to escape since long.
It is normal that there is a wide range of information related to the organization and the administration of these sites and no link with the mandate of inspection teams or with weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The chronic situation in respect of counterparts that could be provided, given the lack of expertise of the Timorese society, represents another interference.
The majority of the Eastern-Tador continue to operate a livelihood of livelihood with a very high-quality production.
At the same time, we urge the international community, as well as the United Nations to provide support to this process.
First, many comments were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Court of Appeal should therefore be appointed as a week.
(b) The basis of data on projects is divided into two sections - United Nations projects and projects carried out by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; it contains definitions of projects and indicate the requirements for financing;
(e) 1.17 The term “the performing party” means another person that the carrier shall comply with [or shall comply with] [or shall not comply with any or party] of any of the obligations of the carrier under a contract of carriage, custody, custody or storage of the goods, in the extent that it shall act as directly or indirectly, by the carrier or indirectly, if the carrier shall be liable for the application of the carrier.
The text of definitions was amended in accordance with this suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of adding a paragraph 1 bis to alternative alternatives, which would be read as follows:
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although there is no sensitive measure, it is applied by more than one third of Member States, including some high-income countries, in order to limit the spread of HIV by the exchange of HIV.
Most of the police information systems in accordance with the Convention on the Implementation of the Mediterranean Agreement are working as a basis of national data accessible by the Internet and are fully operational, either in the test phase.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces in the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign an agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist people infected and affected.
Like most countries in the region, Zimbabwe depends primarily on donor support for its HIV/AIDS programmes, but that support has declined since 1999.
Consequently, the President of the Republic has promulgated a law which defines responsibility for the State of Chile in the prevention of AIDS and is the goal of promoting prevention and non-discrimination against persons living with the disease.
Venezuela has benefited, during the past few years, development cooperation with UNIDO in areas such as the fight against pollution by mercury, industrial development and timber industry, promoting investment, export and technology.
The practical implementation of projects under this general framework seeks to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported that recommendation and recommended that these financial implications, 4474, be included in the programme budget for 2004 under the main programme of programme 4 of the General Assembly of States parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to ensure that any person has brought before a court or a court under their jurisdiction to be present in his trial and to defend itself or to defend itself with the assistance of a lawyer;
In 2001, a Ministry for Gender Equality, which continues to focus on the agenda.
In view of the contribution of women in the economic and social sector, it is necessary to adopt policies to address social, economic and cultural problems that they must face.
The International Organization for Migration ( IMO) has made the fight against such trafficking in one of its priorities and was working with various United Nations bodies and agencies.
Pakistan welcomes the progress made in this regard and calls on the implementation, in this regard, procedures relating to fundamental standards of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), in the context of these principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) said that the outcome of the recent Ministerial Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) held in Conference Room A, and regrets the lack of agreement on the abuse of customs and agricultural subsidies, which would have caused 500 billion from the United States of income for the rich and poor countries and contributed to reducing poverty by some 144 million people by 2015.
If nothing has been done to address, injustice of economic globalization will go to the problems of the third world on the first, and poverty, terrorism and the disease will also be globalized.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya was proposed to overcome the problems that impede its development, both in urban and rural areas, but its task was complex by the presence of landmines on its territory.
The tragic plight of the Black Sea Sea is a example of the problems facing.
Mr. Buu (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly to the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action was a major step towards the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hopes that international protection of the rights of migrant workers, in particular migrant workers, which are most vulnerable to discrimination.
In order to provide a fair and efficient manner that may be reasonable in relation to a description of the goods provided by the shipper, it should amend the instrument as proposed in paragraphs 153 and 15 of the commentary.
They are often involved in the assistance of other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence allowance for activities outside the Organization
(spoke in French)
Rule 91.18 Resource requirements for a vehicle through the ship
(iv) When this institution of education is too remote to make a daily day, the region where the staff member is in post and that, the Secretary-General's view was not in that area of school which should be paid to the same rate as those specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
His delegation cannot support such as the proposal for the consolidation of peacekeeping operations, which is incompatible with the financial rules and rules of financial management and the risk of reducing the control that the General Assembly may exercise every mission.
She wished to know that the Secretariat had done so to fill local posts of the General Service, in accordance with relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO has been a total of 66 projects relating to species in 35 countries.
Group 1 of the Caribbean and North Atlantic Group:
(d) It is important to do the implementation of projects (and results, following the possible possible identification, etc.) and to disseminate lessons learned from these experiences.
Composition
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, it shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States in accordance with paragraphs 26 and 27 above a amount of $1501,501, including:
During the reporting period, a new Government was established in Afghanistan, with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these obstacles is the case of all and looked forward to a more active commitment by the international community.
This expansion of the programme of work is difficult for the coordination of UNCITRAL with parallel initiatives of various organizations in the areas such as electronic commerce, dispute settlement, insolvency law, transport law, security rights and private infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supports further work on the two anti-terrorism conventions, which should be completed quickly.
The following lists:
Follow-up to the implementation of this resolution must be done in an environment of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which was to be submitted in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) To adopt measures to improve the physical conditions of detention in prison institutions and to avoid violence between detainees that the use of violence against detainees by prison personnel.
2.4 At the same time, the police officer of the Fijo Rávic was introduced at the Böjova, in order to say to his Roma inhabitants immediately.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to grant reparation and compensation to victims of an act of this provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that, at any time of the author's proceedings, provided details on torture that he had suffered.
He claims that his appeal to Sri Lanka would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has provided, as it is in accordance with paragraph 5 (a) of article 22 of the Convention, that the same question has not been considered and is not under review before another international investigation or settlement.
2.2 As a result of his arrest, the Spanish authorities have requested a first time, but it was then withdrawn because of an error on the person.
(b) The controversial statement must be an essential element of the prosecution against the author of the communication;
5.4 The report refers to a report on the basis of the evidence that he has taken place in order to support the allegations of which Mr. President M. President, made his statements under torture, the complainant refers to a report of the CTT.
The large number of the complainant is the mother of the mother of the parent of the Chargé d'Ivoire.
1.3 By a note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its comments on admissibility and the merits of the complaint; it also requested the Committee to withdraw its request, in accordance with article 108 of its rules of procedure.
With respect to extradition of Spain, the Federal Office of Justice had accepted the evidence of torture.
(b) There is no doubt about these problems.
The number of countries responding to: 65.
In the meantime, it would be easy to break down in this area because there is a risk of confusion and inconsistencies with the various international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 3 p.m.
The framework for the maintenance of peace and settlement of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, would justify this change.
Observer status for observer status to the General Assembly (A/58/58/23 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division is working closely with UNDP in the following areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, respect for definitions and agreed standards and requirements.
The first research work has already given strong results and resulted in specific research and development proposals.
(i)
Stresses the essential role of political officials and political parties to strengthen democracy in combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete steps to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/L.11/Add.4
The relevance to the extent to which a activity is in line with national objectives or is part of these objectives.
It will therefore be able to benefit if the objectives are achieved, but also that they will be in the absence of an obligation to do not take into account their interests at the local level.
The Convention on Crimes and Certain Other Acts Committed on aircraft, signed in Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with political and legislative processes and new institutional arrangements adopted in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint joint joint project by the South-Pacific Ocean Corporation, controlled by the Kaks, and the Canadian Muslim society, with a view to the construction of a substance in North Province to deal with the south of the North.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand declined from 34 per cent and that from Japan to 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea, in particular, stated that if the representative of Papua New Guinea could be held on the good will of all the parties concerned, the consideration of the issues of New Caledonia and Western Sahara.
Research, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would be approximately four weeks, from which a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, the production facilities for Iraq have been a large party destroyed or damaged by air attacks in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Measures taken
It provided in particular a detailed commentary to the draft draft, which was issued as a working paper of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.1/Add.1, UNCTAD/SAB/M/L.1/Add.1, UNCTAD/TL.109/4).
The budget estimates for civilian personnel for the biennium 2006-2007 which cover 94 international staff, 282 United Nations Volunteers and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amount to 284,934,000, or a decrease of $4,938,700, compared with the amount paid for the 2006-2007 biennium.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing for the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance of the main countries that produce or work of diamonds to participate in the Kimberley Process,
Report on the implementation of the budget for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
For example, in recent analysis, new proposals, well as high-quality proposals, appear not only in practice in practice of the required coordination level, the broad range of actors that would necessarily be involved and the long-term reporting cycle, but still may be likely to lead to the simplification of the process, but on their comparative advantage of a new level of work.
It has cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the bodies, in conjunction with its comments and comments on the request of the various United Nations agencies, through organizing conferences and seminars, through the issuance of books and materials on certain issues discussed by the United Nations system and in carrying out action.
Table 1 provides for a comparison of the requirements for the biennium 2004-2005 (in the rate of the biennium 2008-2009, the revised amounts for the biennium 2002-2003 approved by the General Assembly approved by its resolution 57/29 of 20 December 2002 and the actual amount of expenditure and income for the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report be produced, at time to be submitted to the General Assembly, during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
A P-2, Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid., para.
The requirements for travel costs for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,181,700, or $71,000, or $71,700, as a result of the appropriation for 2002-2003.
Chapter 26, Palestine refugees
In the future, it should be explained in the programme documents, either in additional guidance on the distribution of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and between the regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The procurement of firearms and explosives carried out on the parallel market must be reported to the Prosecutor's Prosecutor, the head of violation of the Federal Law on firearms and explosives, and are punishable by imprisonment and a fine, as well as the confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Conduct
The Committee also notes with appreciation the detailed written replies submitted by the State party to its list of items (E/C.12/Q/EC/2).
(d) Assistance to States for the end of the illicit traffic in small arms and light weapons (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2005)
Recalling the Declaration on the fundamental principles of drug demand reduction and measures to strengthen international cooperation to address the global drug problem, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Election of observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 12.
During the two sessions, additional information on UNCITRAL seminars was requested.
(continued)
3.1 The author claims that his son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because of his arrest and other occasions before his trial had suffered serious ill-treatment and because of the inhuman conditions in which he was detained.
3.1 The author claims that the persistence of the Czech authorities, including the Czech Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that the Act No. 14/1956/197 is a special law and that it is as a result of such a lack of arbitrary, discriminatory, non-discriminatory and arbitrary violation of the right to the enjoyment of the author's heritage and its property, including its right to restitution.
3.2 The author also asserts that there was a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, in this regard, that a violation of paragraphs 1 and 3 of that article, which was not a violation of the guarantees of fair trial.
6.3 With regard to the question of the exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the arguments of the State party that, in a first time, that the dispute of the author was not the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second time, that under the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, an appeal could be introduced to the courts.
The State party argues that the author's allegations are inconsistent.
The view of the Committee's view was of a interpretation of the Covenant that paragraph 1 of article 6 was read jointly with paragraph 2 of this article, which does not prohibit the imposition of the death penalty for the most serious crimes.
The same day, the author's counsel has also submitted a request for appeal to the President of the Criminal Chamber, which was rejected by the President of the Supreme Court of Criminal Chamber of 8 December 1995.
4.12 Consequently, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and that part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5 (b) of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author claims that his rights had been violated, since he was arrested and charged without any evidence of its involvement in criminal activity and that it was gross by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his statement of appeal, the author had requested the revision of the evidence that he considered as a result of the error.
With regard to the applicability of the limitation, in this regard, the author's application to the Constitutional Tribunal and the criminal proceedings committed to the Constitutional Tribunal, the author states that, in the two cases, it was impossible to be under the military regime in place at the time to commit the prosecution of the secret prisoners in the timely manner.
Given that the State party does not have any kind of any other relevant information on the way of which the author's detention is required to grant the author's claim.
4.16 Secondly, the State party argues that the author has not shown in what the action of the Government has created interference in his family life.
6.2 With regard to the excessive duration of the past period prior to the trial, the Committee notes that the dates to determine, in the case of the delay, the length of the delay occurred on the dates that took place on the arrest of the author and the trial of the author, namely, the date of the alleged crime, or the date of the killing of the murder.
It was not held to use only the documents before the case of the case and may take into account the elements that were not known when the initial decision was visited.
The Committee also considers that the State party did not have the right to a pension under article 13 of the Act on compensation for former combatants and argues that no of the two bodies responsible for reviewing its ability to meet the criteria set out in the various paragraphs.
5.2 With regard to the jurisdiction ratione materiae of the Committee, the author considers that it and his family are victims of a violation of article 7 since they still do not have the person in question.
Staff:
The author's refusal to take a decision on the grounds of the text before they had before it a complaint that the Decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, the time limit is not beginning on the notification of the judgement, but from the last opinion of the author.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance to the voluntary return of detainees in these regions.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed the review of this complaint.
The authors refer to the HRA's decision to the extent that it is an assessment of the facts of the cause, which is encouraging their argument that the Commissioner has taken a false decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to cancel the decisions of the Committees of Legal Affairs and to return to the police.
The authors have before it justice in the case of the case in the case of the case in the case of the case in the case of the perpetrators, but they did not have made a claim for the first of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner had been consulted by the District District Court of the Western Fijs, which considered the judgement by the Supreme Court in Mandi case, that paragraph 2 of article 7 of the Law on Fisheries was contrary to articles 65 (article 65 of the Constitution).
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, noted that the prohibition of this “to be fully compatible with the right to freedom of expression set out in article 19, which the exercise of responsibilities and duties”.
He immediately informed the judge that he had intended to appeal.
4.18 The State party believes that mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be able to apply in the case of the present case.
3.3 The author asserts that it had exhausted domestic remedies and clear that the case was not subject to another international investigation or settlement.
In addition, the State Council emphasizes that double remedies may be exercised before the Permanent Court or the Appeals College in first instance, and then before the Council of the appeal and that such forums may order to order the education measures.
Thus, by the Minister of Interior of 16 March 2001, was recognized by the 13 months of the military service of the author for the promotion of the sixth level of the principal organ of the major United Nations.
In addition, the amount that the State was sentenced to pay for the costs of proceedings was paid.
Canada, chapter XII, annual report A/48/485/II.II.
6 See Case of 8 December 1995 ( Annual report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995/LV.
The State party refers to similar comments made by the State party in Paul (c)).
v. France, decision on 3 April 1989.
Meetings
If a few posts are actively committed to the new appointments, the Government will be gradually phased.
The security right is therefore crucial, that there is a security right or the power to participate in the ballot.
However, the Commission on Judicial Reform has made progress in the areas of infrastructure and training.
The situation of women has always been inadequate.
Recalls decision 2001/36 of the Economic and Social Council, dated 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, indigenous peoples, to the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues and to all mechanisms, procedures and programmes related to indigenous issues, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, as soon as possible by the Council, as soon as possible.
The proposed analysis provides for determining that right may take place at the negotiating table and what items are to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of a interregional workshop for the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in Small Island Developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
In order to ensure that two fundamental conditions are met, namely, the existence of a vacant post to which no person who are eligible for vocational training or expertise, and the lack of access to services for the employment of local employment of a candidate for the criteria established by the employer.
The long-term time of the rest of the rest of the rest of the working hours.
In 1997, changes and amendments have been made to the Law of 1992 on the Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities, which has become law on the prevention of disability and the rehabilitation and rehabilitation of persons with disabilities.
The same article also provides that children who cannot be incorporated into the pre-school institutions because of their physical or mental disabilities are welcomed in specialized schools.
The results of the eight final texts have been communicated to WIPO to participate in international assistance by establishing students in licence and control of 54 countries.
(b) Between cultural sites;
(a) The national budget;
(d) Agriculture;
It is said that the challenge of good governance is at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play an essential role in the proliferation of weapons.
This could lead to a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
The manual contains guidelines and information on the various options once again completed the compulsory school.
The implementation of a gender study programme at the University of Iceland is one of the priorities of the Centre for the next years.
The Committee issued a programme for equality of rights for the University of the University for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall establish the salaries and compensation of staff of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, and in accordance with the standards of the United Nations common system.
(b) Ghana, H.b) Aricriti-Tom through International Herald, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with IMF
(c) To continue to include in the agenda of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee recommends that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that children adopted may be aware of the identity of their natural parents, even at their majority and even if they are in their best interests.
(a) The enactment of a new legislation and the adoption of several national strategies and programmes, among which: decision No. 347/2002 on national interest programmes in the area of protection of children, concerning street children and children under institution; Act No. 678/2001 on trafficking in persons; Act No. 23/2000 on violence in the family;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, the ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning the minimum age of admission to employment and the ILO Convention (No. 182) concerning the prohibition of the worst forms of child labour and the immediate action for their elimination, which the State party has ratified:
(a) To launch information campaigns at all levels and in all regions, with a view to eliminating the harmful behaviour of Roma in all parts of society, and in particular among the authorities such as the police and professionals that provide services in health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their regular reports and in the timely manner.
(b) To develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launch of information campaigns aimed at promoting tolerance, as well as monitoring of acts of racist acts and data collection;
(d) To ensure that the Family Council has sufficient resources to carry out its mandate.
At the national level, it was recognized that the need to consider development and development goals in a perspective of human rights (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, inter alia, economic and technical measures, to ensure that all means, in particular by the adoption of legislative measures, the full enjoyment of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms the constitutional law, with regard to workers of the private sector and public enterprises, to establish, without prior authorization, the organizations that they consider appropriate.
This period is considered as effective for the payment of wages, regardless of the pension system.
Information on the current level of life
The situation of households that, even if they have paid their income to satisfaction their food needs, cannot meet the appropriate manner.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of housing units had reached a total of 1013, which was an average annual average of 107 684.
In the percentage of the population and housing of housing, these figures accounted for, at least 4 per cent of the inhabitants of the country and only 3 per cent of the housing stocks.
State housing programmes
With regard to the activities of the health sector, some researchers believe that more than half of the reduction of child mortality is associated with the expansion and coverage of health services.
However, there are still no binding legal arrangements for the media and journalists.
F.M: Industrial Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Law No. 1970 of 1996.
However, it is important that the facts relating to violent crimes against women are brought to a good way and in respect of the private life of the victim.
The conclusions of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be an urgent need.
Japan hopes that all States will make every possible effort to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and will be guided by the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete steps at the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms and light weapons during the period from the second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and interregional instruments
5-23 May 2003
If none of the three options are the majority of the votes, which will be obtained at least one vote will be eliminated and a new referendum will be organized for the inclusion of voters.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, which is accepted to vote.
• Women whose education is higher than children.
Kst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure for the International Meeting of Action for the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
b.
In their final communiqué, the participants at the tenth Islamic Summit, held in Malaysia, invited the Security Council to approve the road map for the establishment of peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for the achievement of its purposes.
It is important to point out here the three main pillars of that goal, since they show our determination to keep this theme on the long term.
However, according to the statements of the Israeli representative, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption by the Palestinians.
Armenia continues to implement, since almost 10 years, the political embargo of the Republic of Azerbaijan of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of the Non-Self-Governing Territory, which continues to be the enormous suffering of the civilian population in this part of the country.
Similarly, it is imperative that the Government and civil society work in order to encourage growth and development of our children.
The last year, Member States of the United Nations adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have access to health care and education, which is compulsory.
At the same time, it has been achieved to reduce the costs of energy.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention for the Protection of Cultural Rights by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003;
The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission in Guinea-Bissau, which will be carried out by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, and will be the first part of a comprehensive mission in West Africa, and looks forward to its conclusions and recommendations.
United Nations Commission on Trade Law V (Insolvency Law)*
A/56/751, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/60//37.
However, it is necessary to provide the informal translation of article 3 of that Act, which provides national measures to implement international sanctions.
Annex
Consequently, no person who has a measure of this nature cannot obtain visas to the defence of Lebanon or public security.
Afghanistan, the Russian Federation, Albania, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Cambodia, Brazil, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Colombia, Ecuador, Ecuador, El Salvador, Estonia, Estonia, Fiji, the Russian Federation, Fiji, Fiji, Fiji, Ghana, Fiji, Ghana, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Netherlands, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Netherlands, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, South Africa, Mauritius, South Africa, South Africa, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, South Africa, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Netherlands, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Russian Federation, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Russian Federation of Kazakhstan, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, South African Republic of Kazakhstan, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, South Africa, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Russian Federation, Netherlands, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To consider the issue of protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms in combating terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider considering and, as appropriate, revision of immigration policy policies to eliminate all restrictive practices against migrants and members of their families and to provide specialized training for policy development, immigration and other services, including assistance to non-governmental organizations, and to create an effective basis for the promotion of policies;
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interrelated and that it is essential to ensure the full enjoyment of those rights and freedoms without discrimination,
For example, not only the occupying Power decided to re-elected areas that had been fully implemented in full Palestinian control, in the terms of agreements concluded, but it appears that it had decided to take further action on civilian affairs in these areas.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 by which the United Nations Executive Board approved the establishment of the Special Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian people and the Trust Fund for Technical Cooperation with a budget for a two-year period.
Partnerships
The establishment of a broad-based system of preferences, decided at the second session of the Conference, has been successful with a successful approach to access to developing countries in industrialized countries.
The international disciplines and commitments — indispensable for the establishment of an international economic regime based on rules — will begin to extend to the areas that, by the past, were the only jurisdiction of national Governments.
The granting of special and differential treatment may be useful to address economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing countries and developed countries.
What must be the role of government?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
A meeting of the Joint Coordinating Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (on the ambassadorial level) will be held on Wednesday, 5 November 2003 from 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The above Convention was adopted during the plenary meeting of the General Assembly, on 31 October 2003, at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken special measures, although not limited to cases of kidnapping, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims of witnesses before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Anane Kane as Deputy Special Representative in Kampala.
After having completed its work on 50 minutes, the group is return to the Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at the following: http://www.un.int/documents/documents/documents.
We have not yet, at the present stage, the replies of which we need to be given to key issues on the production of illicit chemical and biological weapons in Iraq, on that remains of its capacity and on its current programmes.
The population and the distribution of the distribution of emissions from transport and Habitat.
Some include a net increase in emissions from this sector, despite measures applied, adopted and envisaged.
(c) As a result of a number of delegations emphasized the need for asylum-seekers or asylum to persons suspected of forced disappearance, with that of no return to a State where they may be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious violations of human rights.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures may, however, be necessary, as in their discussions, specialized intergovernmental bodies seek to general substantive issues and not consider the role of the Secretariat, i.e. activities under the work programme of work.
(f) The presentation and schedule of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
This date is therefore particularly timely to speak of non-permanent members of the Security Council, which is with the permanent members to promote the principles of peace and security.
A discussion will therefore be able to undertake a discussion on the sanctions regime.
While the Committee is focusing on strengthening legal and administrative measures and the mobilization of international cooperation and coordination in that end, my delegation would not allow the attention of this effort, would like to emphasize other aspects that could be considered, and also mentioned in the report, in particular in the context of South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to know and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and individuals and entities associated with them could lead to deliberate groups of ethnic and national origin in their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the follow-up to the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations
31.35 The High-level Committee on Management has a major mission to guide the activities of the United Nations system in respect of administrative and management issues related to the entire system, and to promote cooperation and coordination of inter-agency organizations on these issues for the Council's consideration.
My question is the following: What can be expected to make new contributions? The previous speakers already said, this process will be long, and will require important funding, including coordination and cooperation of other countries with the lead country.
Mr. Farhhh ( Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Brazil, who have made presentations that have caused both relevant issues on Afghanistan, although there was no more or less responded to some of these issues.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report every month to the management of the figures and proposed to consider different solutions to improve the implementation of regional inventories.
(b) It should be sufficient to address the volume of air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces
Statement XI (d) United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in order to promote the use of identification systems, including the implementation of the e-mail standard, and to encourage the establishment of linkages between these systems and existing databases, including by the International Criminal Police Organization, to enable the electronic transmission of information to the United Nations to reduce the United Nations information on the basis of cultural goods,
The political process must therefore be broad, and rather open for all Afghans who wish to participate in good faith in political life, to do so and do not do so, that, in addition, encourage them to join those who are actively engaged in the peace process.
I would now like to provide a more precise description of the situation by providing the Council information on the most recent developments in Afghanistan since the briefing of December.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its profound belief that security is an indivisible and indivisible need to benefit all.
It could be understood if it was accepted to release the old and to abandon the nuclear doctrine.
In view of the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution will have the greatest support for the part of States parties and non-State parties to the Convention.
In accordance with this item, at a ministerial meeting of the Security Council, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, introduced the initiative for the adoption of a special resolution of the Security Council that supports the road map.
The President: Y has another delegation that wishes to speak in this stage?
In addition, no consensus has been reached on issues such as the elimination of unilateral measures (e.g. the prohibition of export imposed by the producers and the authors in consumers), in the extent that these are incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, a number of major business companies applied to environmental management systems designed to ensure that timber is free of sources without danger to the environment and society.
It is committed to the management of concessions, the development of forestry and the treatment of forest products.
(i) Urges countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve the collection and dissemination of information on production, consumption, consumption, trade and consumer prices to promote transparency in markets.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends that the General Assembly adopt the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former law, mainly of treaties imposed, should be abolished in full and replaced by a more just and equitable legislation, more protect the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years, men are more than women to work because the customary practice of girls remain at the highest time after the age of men.
The rights and obligations inherent in marriage are the same for the union; witnesses may prove that a couple live in the same day since only two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501)]
In its resolution 42/11, it requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to use expertise and experience in the implementation of its global technical assistance programmes, as well as information collected in the various relevant questionnaires.
Agenda item 8.
UNCTAD has worked with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa to the preparations for the Conference at the meeting of the High-level Meeting of African Trade Negotiations in the fifth Ministerial Conference of the WTO and the meeting of the African Union Ministers for Trade in Mauritius (June), which has adopted a common position on the Conference of the Summit.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries in the Doha work programme in the area of trade and the environment continued in close cooperation and coordination with the WTO secretariats, UNEP and the regional commissions, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as civil society.
The Committee also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and innovation organized by the General Service of the Government of the University of Cape Verde in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massach and 24 September 2002, which presented the work of the Commission on ICT development.
We also recognize that globalization, and concrete steps to increase international trade, provide hope for growth in our peoples.
Last year, taking the floor to the General Assembly, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and pledged to make a report on progress made.
In addition, women participate in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women, which is part of a coordinated and integrated system of development activities, including care for mother and child care; and is consolidated on equality between men and women in a society that is the family unity, is a high price of gender equality and respecting the rights of the family.
Developing countries face today's challenges in development, which can only be addressed by international concerted efforts and support to ensure the necessary political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
I would like to address two specific issues of criminal justice:
The United Nations must therefore continue to contribute to the restoration of peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has sought to implement more coherence with the principles set out.
Recent developments in the global balance of forces and global goals have been produced since the establishment of the United Nations, there are 58 years.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe in Thalar, the European Union will continue to support the efforts of the Secretary-General to achieve a comprehensive, lasting and practical solution to the problem of Cyprus, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each Committee shall elect its Chairman among its members.
The persons arrested or detained shall be informed of the grounds of arrest or detention and their right to be appointed by a lawyer.
Its final publication was as well as concluding observations on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21th meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Programme and Coordination Committee considered section 28 (d) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 [A/62/6 (Sect. 28 (Sect. 28)).
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the other relevant human rights instruments,
Also decides that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that the officials or personal personnel in activity or former officials who are not party to the Rome Statute are subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State for any allegations of acts of acts or omissions arising from the Multinational Force or the United Nations Stabilization Force;
Also requests the working group to study the information provided and to share its comments and recommendations to transnational corporations, other Governments, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other information sources of information;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2009/L.34, which had been for the sponsors of Mr. Decaux, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Hampson, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Warzazi and Ms. Pinheiro.
Dominican Republic for justice and peace
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (IAEA) could join a number of information on the needs of users and have as a broader objective of integrating the ICT infrastructure and its increased infrastructure infrastructure.
Governments do not have the potential contribution of biotechnology to health management and combat diseases.
Outcome
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is developing a consolidated document, which contribute to the members of the Partnership, to assess the relationship between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, paragraph (f) provides: “any person who shall be formally arrested or detained before the competent court in a period of 48 hours and “the no provisional detention shall be subject to provisional detention”.
(f) Support to the Peace and Security Council for the achievement of humanitarian operations in accordance with the Protocol on the establishment of the African Union for Peace and Security Council;
The Special Rapporteur believes that there is a particular area that could be a major focus on education and awareness-raising programmes.
Some sources indicated that in some areas, the principle of the obligation to report was relatively well applied, but that it was primarily concerned to the individuals concerned.
Decides to include in the following items at the third session of the Committee on the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Technical Group of the Open-ended Working Group on Information Technology will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003 at 11 p.m. in Conference Room 5, under the conduct of S.E. Ms.E. Ms.E. Ms. H.E. Ms. H.E. Ms. H.E. Ms.
Mr. As Yayaya, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intends to review this initiative, as well as the issue of debt sustainability, at its current meeting.
This meeting will provide guidance to policymakers on issues related to development cooperation.
Integration of a gender perspective in all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Office of Legal Affairs made several statements to explain the rules of procedure of the Council.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Accounting Standards and publication
Thus, we are in a phase of the development of our political tools particularly those related to the flexibility criteria.
Staff in recruitment will require training beyond the end of the mandate of UNMISET.
3-14 March 2003
As a result, the report provides an overview of the efforts of the Council, during the past year, in its field of responsibilities, namely the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) Supporting the relevance of the outcome of the work of the Assembly and the Council and to ensure the establishment of arrangements for the effective implementation of their effective implementation, including through the understanding of the results of the high-level segment of the Council in the deliberations of the General Assembly;
10.16 The expected accomplishments are the following: (a) the sharing of knowledge, know-how and management tools of the Government and relevant institutions, with a view to improving the delivery of environmental policy; (b) the development of appropriate technical cooperation agreements and the use of appropriate technologies and environmental use; (c) the strengthening of the international environment; (c) the strengthening of the institutional capacity-building mechanisms for the strengthening of Governments;
These activities include technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary prevention of drug use among young people; diversification of treatment and rehabilitation services; policy development and strategies; training and capacity-building; and the dissemination and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 conservation and sustainable management of forest ecosystems
Strategy
(d) Promote the use of information and communication technologies and space technology, including through facilitating adaptation to local conditions or transfer of best practices.
In the number of results indicators are: (a) the number of members and associate members who have received assistance from ESCAP and the new initiatives to improve their ICT policies, as well as the institutional framework; (b) the number of national training centres for ICTs and the number of technical cooperation activities among developing countries implemented with the assistance of ESCAP;
Strategy
The achievement of the objectives will be determined by more rapid assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; more timely and better coordinated interventions in the affected countries; a higher level of participation in disaster management training courses; enhanced cooperation on the ground and at the region; and a greater response of donors to the inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation for the mitigation of the El Niño phenomenon
Programme 26 Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States
The Institute also organized training courses.
- Women's choice of 2002, women's choice, 26 February 2002)
She said that, in Mexico (Mexico) said that, in three years of the exercise of power, the Government of Mr. victims of a period of exercise without a reservation to the rights of the human person.
In this regard, the delegation of Tunisia endorsed the recommendation of the High Commissioner that it should work to create a culture of tolerance and respect for other and not violence.
New laws are required, but the most important challenge is not in the adoption of laws, but in their concrete implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their reduced mobility can prevent from the same time when water is contaminated, the land and supply sources of supply.
It should be developed to develop this type of services and develop a social contract.
The declaration also aims to strengthen cooperation with a view to improving the implementation of laws, provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and special recommendations of the Financial Action Group on Money Laundering (EC).
She said that there had been approximately a year, 88 Romaians had died in the end of the terrorist attack.
However, in exceptional cases where organizations may be established and relevant decisions must be binding and the establishment of the new institution depends on the responsibilities of the organization established.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (Agenda item))
The BFF has worked for specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in the financial system of Fiji.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its response capacity in a year on the other.
The statement is contained in the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve or give respect to the encumbered assets, such as equipment, shall be held on those of a security right, which usually grant security rights under the same property guaranteed by other receivables.
United States and other equipment
It should be expanded as necessary (d) and resources) under the agreement between ICAO and UNDP, and those of the proposed draft draft draft draft related to the Interim Authority;
(a) Annual Report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies to support the economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Strengthening the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the author of the draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/31.
A total of 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, within the manufacturing sector itself, it has been attended by a new distribution of production, the manufacture of roads and clothing to the use of electronic, engineering and health.
It is proposed that family access to families with regard to drug abuse or.
There are an important initiative that had been deleted from illegal vessels in Arunti, the operation of the Land Department.
The land are returned to the owners or their son as if their acquisition by the State had never been held, on the basis that the owners of the property in the field of the three months following the return.
In fact, the situation was considered as an exclusive part of the internal donors and the amendments made in 1995 to the Ordinance of 1944 on the use of housing houses, to the release of housing prices, and to the Ordinance of 191 regulating the rental of urban goods to be applicable to the lease of the amount of 1 June 1995 or after the date of the restrictions imposed on 1 June 1995 or after the restrictions imposed on the following provisions of the following laws.
This programme includes a number of integrated programmes that include previous services in the design (d) of false metals, disability service, medical counselling, medical counselling, medical care, medical care, high-risk care, reproductive health care, education centre of the child.
The municipal councils are concerned, and that NGOs are particularly concerned to organize special services to disadvantaged groups such as disabled and drug users.
The Catholic Church provides its own schools and equipment, but also to maintain its institutions and to finance possible expansion.
The candidates for academic studies must have been achieved with success in the examination of the (b) who simply give access to the University and must fulfil the specific conditions of admission to certain studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD includes almost all aspects of the socio-economic and political structures of society, as well as development planning, sustainable economic management, human rights, good governance, good governance, democracy, peace, security, health, health and education, among other basic elements of progress.
However, the problem that we face in this regard is that the body mandated by the General Assembly to consider the question of Security Council reform — i.e., the Open-ended Working Group on Reform Reform — has not been able to make progress since it has been established under General Assembly resolution 48/26 of the General Assembly in 1993.
1.2 The Committee would like to receive information on the conclusions reached by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Islamic Republic of Macedonia, which is subject to pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report for that is to establish the existing criminal law with terrorist offences.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and use of the United Nations human rights instruments in the perspective of disability” carried out by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Responsibility of the University of Italy (Ireland) at the request of OHCHR analysis of the provisions of the six United Nations human rights instruments in the context of the United Nations human rights perspective.
Measures under States 9 - 22 6
In that regard, OHCHR supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Rules for the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the draft report.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or modification, a simple interpretative declaration, contrary to a regular reservation, may be made in any time.
It was also asked whether it was to be subject to unilateral acts in strict or extended to certain types of behaviour of States that could produce legal effects.
But the 26 million Iraqis deserve.
It is urgent that there is an urgent message from the inspectors to the Security Council and to provide the necessary responses.
The inspection may not be held without prompt, active and effective cooperation in Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the question of Palestine
I believe that the announcement by President Bush last Friday, namely that the Quartet would present the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible Prime Minister and with sufficient powers to be confirmed, is an important step on which we must do so.
Accordingly, the proposals of the Secretary-General to reduce the additional requirements are limited to those above, and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the guidelines of the Commission, the Special Rapporteur has consistently paid special attention to the issue of gender-based discrimination.
The requests for approval are recorded in a registry (ARC).
The process of ratification of the Convention is under way forward.
Under the expected accomplishment (a), replace “ social problems” by “ social development problems”.
Malawi would like to know that all States do themselves have a defence and the promotion of functions and credibility of the Court and that it is to consolidate its jurisdiction and independence: it must be vigilant and to collect the unequivocal commitment of all States; it must also be able to choose with the officials of the Court, especially the judges whose personal integrity and independence must be able to be able to be able to be able to do so.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) - The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands notes that the courts of the Netherlands does not consider that most economic and social rights are directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members are also seized of document S/2003/117, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared during the prior consultations of the Council.
It was prepared by the United Nations and national organizations responsible for issues of interest for the sustainable development of oceans and the progress of the Ocean, under the main responsibility of FAO and the conduct of a steering committee and the technical committee, which provided coordination of work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
To respond to the needs of the Convention on Evaluation, the World Assessment should include an assessment of biological diversity at the level of ecosystems, species and waste.
Special Committee on the Review of Global Political Policy (Report of the Special Committee)
Group of 77 (Fourth Committee): Environment and sustainable development)
She thanked the main managers for the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in the management of human resources management.
Expert Meeting on the definition of goods and services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, the poor and social results of private enterprises are concern.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of draft resolution (A/C.3/58/10, para.
However, it should be incorporated into policy guidance and capacity-building in developing countries.
The Office has also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the resident coordinator and the United Nations country team, as well as with the ICRC, to develop a joint strategy for internally displaced persons.
The Law of 1992 on the transfer of technology and foreign investment had promoted FDI and guaranteed the repatriation of profits and capital.
We are confident that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and military actions facing Palestinian civilians, the Government of Prime Minister Sharon shall act in order to support the peace process.
Palestinians want to put a final term to occupation, with the certainty that they have a truly viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, contained in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all,
The provision has been given to providing extensive training for teachers, Professional and Evaluation at the provinces.
This group referred to the various forms of education in the framework of article 6 and noted that there was several formal, formal and non-formal activities to children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Education (Chairman: Ms. Všnasja, Croatia, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. M. M. P.g. Switzerland)
For example, article 13 of the Criminal Code stipulates that: “The side of the offence to commit any of the offences referred to in this section shall have the same penalties that they affect the effective commission of the act”.
Under article 14, such as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001, is punishable by forced work of any person, or is liable to knowledge of any type of kind that is explosive or dangerous or dangerous.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening of the role of the United Nations for the strengthening of the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and fair elections for democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of United Nations peacekeeping operations
The Panel “E3” was estimated that Austria had the right to compensation for some of its loss of tangible property, but recommended that compensation for its other claims.
It is also noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its capacity to allow the Counter-Terrorism Committee when it is necessary, the Department of Disarmament Affairs should draw the public attention to the risk of use of weapons of mass destruction in the context of terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report of the Committee on Terrorism.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that much remains to be done to achieve the objectives and implementation of the priorities contained therein;
(h) television services in closed television;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
They spoke between other agreements and institutions aimed at improving the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment of the South-East Pacific and the Plan of Action; the Convention for the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment in the Caribbean region and its Protocol on areas and to the disadvantaged life of the marine environment;
According to another proposal, the main agencies that have to participate in the consideration of the topics entrusted to groups in the process of preparing joint reports to the groups at the beginning of the meetings, the following of the meetings devoted to the scope and nature of the inter-agency coordination on the areas of treaties, in order to complement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of which the sea of which the establishment of which the Consultative Process should continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to be held its distribution of meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings with a view to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to be held in early distribution of meetings of meetings of meetings with a view to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to continue to be held in early distribution of meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings with the following meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings of meetings
(f) In paragraph 19 to the second line, the word “ education” is to replace by the word “to-date information” and, in the fifth line, the words “to provide assistance to this subject” is to replace the words “The invitation to the President of the Special Committee to attend the Constitutional Convention to be held in Tokelau in September 2003”.
On the occasion of a briefing on the impact of structural adjustment on human development, he made at a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ram Zaki Zakaki had reached three major characteristics of structural adjustment and stabilization programmes: they are limited to capitalism, and they adversely affect the power of the State.
Any attempt to link the prohibition of any future production and the question of existing stocks would have to extend an end to the negotiations and to undermine the non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament.
(a) At the election of additional members, the General Assembly shall respect the following distribution of seats:
According to the World Bank, the cost of housing has increased from 12 per cent during the first 15 months of the second sentence of the second sentence of the second sentence.
The PCD is a body of implementation which directly reflect the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority have been given, the refugees of camps have replaced and amended their homes and added to others.
Noting the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea on the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union is fully committed to promoting gender equality and the empowerment of women and its view that the equality of equality must be integrated into development strategies and policies at all levels, including in the United Nations action.
There are currently two district heads of 141.
With regard to the World Health Organization, she used four women and six men.
Despite the mandatory nature of the primary school of the 1991 Constitution of 1991, the problems faced by this educational level.
The success rate was 71 per cent in total and 734 per cent for girls.
In the higher technical education sector, the attendance of the main discipline was the following in 1997-98:
Women's trade sector, where women's report/ men is 2 to 1, e-mail production and the food industry, and the other than the oil industry.
According to this study, 37 per cent of women had already been used as a catalyst.
(A.D.D, 1983) provides for a number of such persons, etc.
The leader of the village is assisted by a Deputy representative but on a total of 12 491 Deputy Deputy Assistant, only are women.
Our work on small arms have many aspects, but the human dimension must remain our guide.
We also wish to assure the success in 2004 of the Review Conference that will be held in Nairobi, Kenya, which will contribute to this goal.
At the same time, it is important to monitor arms and impose restrictions on the need to create adequate balance between the legitimate security needs and the loss of innocent lives, resulting from the irresponsible political policies in the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
Moreover, she would like to know whether there was figures that the number of men and women working in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. Gonzálezz asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Human Rights on Sexual and Sexual Rights, which was subject to paragraph 42 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Committee on Health and Reproductive Rights, which was subject to paragraph 421, are two separate institutions or silent on health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to take into consideration, within the framework of the negotiation process, contributions of United Nations agencies and relevant international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties shall hold regular meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure adopted.
However, the Chairman hoped that each organization represented at the meeting, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources, a mechanism for the exchange of information.
Other matters
“ Welcomes the decision of the Government of Benin to host a regional preparatory conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of the adoption of effective measures, including, of new financial mechanisms, to support efforts by developing countries in order to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, reduce poverty and to strengthen their democratic systems, while reaffirming that it is the primary responsibility to ensure that it is the primary responsibility of ensuring its economic and social development itself, and that national policies play a leading role in the process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of the following countries: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, China, Denmark, Croatia, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Germany, Germany, Greece, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Ireland, Hungary, Latvia, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Russian Federation, Netherlands, Netherlands, Mexico, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Mexico, Netherlands, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Germany, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Germany, Germany, Netherlands, Germany, Germany, Netherlands, Netherlands, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Netherlands, Germany
The report of the Secretary-General on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, tables 1 to 4).
A woman was appointed to the General Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (i.e. 1 January 2003) and another recently appointed humanitarian officer of the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (i.e. 10 January 2003).
There has shown that regional and international cooperation is essential to address the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives aimed at improving efficiency and better visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After March 2002, the situation in the country appeared to be limited to normal normal.
It is necessary to ensure that, through training and adequate support, that the standards in the preparation of best practices on the ground.
(i) The urgent need to take this measure;
[c) [A order to avoid any doubt], the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, inter alia, to decide on all matters raised by the provisions [in paragraph (b)).
Mr. Napry (Sweden) said that the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/264);
Expressing grave concern at the continued efforts of Israeli settlements in violation of international humanitarian law, resolutions of the United Nations on the issue and agreements reached between the parties, including through the construction and expansion of the settlements in the north-east Ghababayh and Ras al-Sha`m.
International cooperation in the area of environmental protection should be focused on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening of relevant agencies in sustainable development at the national, regional and local levels, since this would help developing countries to better address the problems arising from climate change.
To ensure the sustainability of the environment, the global environmental conventions will require universal support.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by adopting laws or regulations to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, to the implementation of a system such as the S-Mot, it must be duly reflected in the Secretariat's bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5 of the Secretary-General, dated 12 September 1997, on the terms of which (section (1): “The Secretariat, which is one of the main organs of the United Nations.
The level is granted to representatives and providing access to documents available to participants, as documents of the meeting (CRP), in addition to accessible documentation at the level 4.
In considering the web sites of organizations or organizations whose official documents are posted on the S-Mot, it was noted that some of them did not imply that documents could be consulted through the system.
The initial system responded to the needs during almost 10 years, which is much if the speed of technical innovation.
It is sometimes a lot of time, and it represents a more than three to six months (e.g. staff) and it represents an increase of work when staff are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, on 5 and 8 May 2003.
Some of these are suspected to help other weapons to acquire weapons of mass destruction, while seeking to obtain such weapons, or have not yet to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge posed by terrorism as a new and real threat to the international arena, introduced a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
The representatives of 117 States, as well as observers for the Secretariat of the United Nations, United Nations bodies, bodies and research institutes of the United Nations, specialized agencies and other United Nations agencies, institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme and non-governmental organizations.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I believe that the work of the Ad Hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Security Council resolution in Africa, the Special Advisory Group of the Economic and Social Council for Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for three areas in which ECLAC intends to act in priority during the biennium 2004-2005, namely policy for the promotion of equality and combating poverty in the region; national policies aimed at strengthening the linkages between economic and social development and globalization, and the integration of opportunities for the environment in government policies in the region.
The first group met with the Director of the plant, to which it addressed issues related to the plant, problems encountered in production, as well as on the effects of problems on production.
Expressing its appreciation to the countries that continue to host the Afghan refugees and at the same time calling for all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations with regard to the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons and to enable access to international organizations to provide assistance and protection to those persons,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Special arrangements for the annual or long-term period of contributions to the budget by the Government of the country where the Centre is established (the “the host Government”) by any other Member of UNIDO or by any intergovernmental organization with the relations with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between Governments or the organizations concerned.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They pointed out that the Evaluation Office could be able to take its efforts and could be able to lose efficiency.
C. T. T.T.
The next year, Nauru was still increasingly low.
In addition to combating weapons of mass destruction, it is imperative to address the problem of small arms and light weapons that play a role in conflict and insecurity that many of our countries.
Unfortunately, it would seem that, for a very small number of Member States, the question does not have a problem of formulation or terminology, but that it has taken place other factors that, very controversial, we have difficult to take fully.
In its resolution 1996/10, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account the differences between States on the scope of criminal legislation, inter alia, on prostitution, production, distribution and possession of sub-item.
Fifth Committee
It is increasingly established in a few schools of girls, and it is used to encourage their students to leave school.
There is no data on the rural level.
To be held at eight hours on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the Middle East region
Notes the importance of bilateral peace negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on arms control and regional security for the promotion of mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
The negotiation of a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks posed by the irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of the mandate that had been given in resolution 57/11, to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO welcomed the idea of working with Governments, academic groups, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national action plans and to give the form of implementation.
At this day, taking into account the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the recent meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all the hopes of partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on the way to monitor all previous commitments and define new commitments for the full realization of the goals set out in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomed the outcome of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development that have clarified significantly the methods and programme of work of the Commission.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that participated in these difficult consultations during the past month and whose will the will and dedication have made today the adoption of the resolution.
The overall management of reform and judicial review remains the responsibility of the National Transitional Government of Liberia, with assistance provided by international experts under the leadership of the United Nations through knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[In the case of the afforestation or reforestation project activities under the CDM, which is issued by CERs, a designated operational entity shall be determined and to verify that adequate insurance is under the validity period.
The amphetamine continues to be divided into Western Europe.
Governments should have priority to ensure that all their services work together and provide resources and expertise in combating drug trafficking.
The management and use of management is also essential for the quality of past and land conservation.
Annex II
The State of Vanuatu (Australia) is assisting the police in the use of p.m. and we provide training materials on road safety.
If those who are forced to prevent traffickers, they are not less vulnerable to ill-treatment during their higher levels, particularly in the detection of funds by corrupt representatives of corruption or other immigration officials.
It was hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in peace and security would be the concept of cooperation of all countries in support of peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of resolution 377 (V) adopted by the General Assembly in 1950.
The crew of the “The Shzor”, speaking on behalf of the name of “in-mail” in Chinese, has stolen in outer space and is healthy and unless on Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the killing, violence and other violations of human rights and atrocities committed in Bunia, as well as the attacks of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and internally displaced persons in the premises of the Mission, and reaffirms that such acts will not be unpunished and that their perpetrators will be addressed.
Annex to the Rules
Under the paragraphs of the second draft resolution, entitled “the legislative provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on Private Investment Projects”, the General Assembly would like to express its appreciation to the United Nations Commission for International Trade Law for the Development and the adoption of the model legislative provisions, would request the Secretary-General to publish and recommend that all States take duly into account the relevant legislative provisions of the Legislative Guide.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/515)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Papua New Guinea, Papua New Guinea, Rwanda, Tuvalu, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court has taken against him, in public hearing, imprisonment for six years and six months of the head of tax fraud and violation of the obligation to hold accounting.
1.1.1 [Original]
Ms. Piela Stineva, Chairperson of the SBI, and Mr. Hall Thaduu, Chairman of the SBSTA, introduced the objectives of each of the workshops and indicated the expected results.
The workshop, which was intended to establish reports to article 18 of the Convention, focused primarily on States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
The economic situation then improved, the Government had adopted a double approach to gender mainstreaming in its strategies and to develop gender-based policies and programmes, which allowed it to address gender-based discrimination.
The Committee also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns on the Convention be undertaken to parliamentarians, including judicial authorities and legal professions.
In view of all those elements, I would like to ask once again to the Council to carefully consider international measures that will enable them to ensure the necessary security for the progress of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I wish to reiterate that the Government of India is determined to fully implement the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other international instruments.
The Secretary-General believes that the expenditure of the Institute for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including the salaries under nine existing posts (1 P-3, 2 P-3, 2 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service posts), would be set out in US$ 91,200.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has been effective in terms of the long-term economy, efforts and resources.
(b) The guidelines for this nature will be incorporated into instructions for 2004 and will include, as recommended, as recommended in the verification of staff training, direct costs relating to the design, design and implementation of training activities funded by the administrative budget, and training projects managed by the Staff Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the entire draft resolution (resolution 55/23).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of item 11.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document is composed of three parties.
Summary and analytical of life-related actions taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priorities and actions taken by Annex II Parties to implement decision 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE may, within the limits of its verification mandate, ensure that the parties carry out their responsibilities in the field of security with respect to the employees of enterprises under the Boundary Commission's border, and take place in extreme situations, to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs set out in the present document are valid.
However, eight countries not only, against the objective of 19 which had been completed, have reached their completion item in mid-2003.
- On 22 October 2003, between 10 and 0.15 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea at large of Beirut (in 20 kilometres of the coast), in the direction of Jakor and until the west of Chakka (in 11 kilometres of coast).
- The same day, at 2145 hours an Israeli military aircraft fired an oral incident in the above waters.
The Secretariat should strictly comply strictly with the rule of documents and all relevant General Assembly resolutions and the relevant rules of the General Assembly, in particular the texts that the United Nations should refrain from reviewing documents or on its website as they are not available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
In all, the situation has never been supported by women in 2003.
In the near future, the possibility of expanding the scope of those prohibited.
The annual budget for child-care services for the biennium 2000-2001 will be more than the year, and these additional funds are for the most disadvantaged areas.
In the context of the priorities of action for 2002-2003 the objective of the participation of 72 per cent by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was established.
The objectives have been set out in relation to reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies among adolescents and measures are planned to improve communication, promote education and provide women's services.
Under the health plan adopted in December 2000, O's National Health: a plan for action, the NPA needs to ensure that health personnel is in the same professional, professional and religion, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The Executive Board of All NPA organizations are also committed to implementing this programme by signing the Commission on the Challenges of the Commission for Scientific Equality (Commission for Equal Opportunities).
concerted efforts were made to improve services in rural areas, for example, schools, police forces, police forces, staff and child care services.
The Court is developing a partnership project with advisory agencies, which may involve the equipment in electronic relations of the proposed cases, court rooms and the complainant.
A strategy is currently being developed, with two major objectives: more women and children's awareness on the choice that are provided for in security and protection; and reduce social tolerance for such offences.
In that context, it appears that, as stated in the last session of the Committee 661, an emergency plan to accelerate this process of re-establishment of financial amendments to these contracts.
We hope that all questions highlighted by the Chief of the Office of the Iraq Programme, in the report that he submitted to the Council, on 29 September, as not yet resolved or did not have an agreement, can be fully resolved to ensure that the best conditions and within the time frame.
There is no doubt that the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, such as had already attempted to make Mr. Richard Alston, as an independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the few developments and the serious challenges that we need to overcome and overcome if we want, as set out in the Millennium Declaration, to assume a lasting peace and to achieve long-term development.
Table 2 Number of donors that have announced multi-year contributions to UNFPA regular resources, 2000-2003, paras.
In a democracy, it is the majority of the rules to which it wishes to accede to and, during the past few years, the Canadian citizens have shown that they wished to do so that they wished to do so as to do so as to the media.
Research show that, with regard to the issues relating to offences, it is necessary, not only for financial reasons, to be able to move forward and to focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Prosecutor, decided that the term of office of the Under-Secretary of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that he would begin on 3 November.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted by consensus General Assembly resolution Rome.7, entitled “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States parties”, as orally amended (see Part IV of the present report).
The proposed budget for the Court is the first one of the Court, to conduct fair public trials within reasonable time.
A second company shall maintain the database of the Office of the Prosecutor and provide technical support for the daily use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, which is based on the same functional approach that used for the other major programmes, is aimed at ensuring greater effectiveness through the establishment of a common set of common services available to the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions require the establishment of three separate sub-items within the Working Group on Participation and compensation of victims in 2004, namely, the sub-item of participation, the non-recurrent group of compensation and the fund of the Fund for Victims.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and documentation
Performance indicators
• Travel (including security officers for the Prosecutor, the President, the judges and the Deputy Medical Officer in senior risk areas)
It would also be appointed to advise on internal legal matters relating to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Under-Secretary-General explained that the amount of contributions was only one aspect of the calculation: if the two other criteria — payment and contributions to thematic funds — were met, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
He also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the rule of law and would like to make further details on this subject.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
It was, however, not the modification of a existing reservation, but the formulation of a fully reservation.
The Office prepared a comprehensive document on legal and judicial reform, which was the progress made in the past 10 years, in preparation for the mid-term meeting of the donor Group, which will be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also emphasize the need for more intensive measures to peaceful settlement of disputes, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
During the review of peacekeeping mandates, the Council must be informed on how to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society groups; new measures have been put in a relatively strong consensus within the governmental coalition and hoped that the regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28 to 31 January and 29 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are capitals for the sustainability of the human situation and the environment. Our traditional knowledge systems must be respected, encouraged and protected; our collective intellectual property rights must be recognized and guaranteed prior consent.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further information and proposals on the structure during the intersessional period.
It may be increased from 5 to 10 years and a fine of 50,000 to 1,000 FCFA. The author is established that the guilty is usually detained.
- 1 Deputy Secretary-General;
The Civil Code, which regulates family reports, in its Articles 78 and 80 that human person is entitled to the right of birth and until its death.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been established to ensure the effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of entry into land, authorization may be obtained from the border with delegations of immigration and border services.
Annex
There is no difference between men and women in other diplomatic homes.
The recognition of values and the potential of assistance that non-governmental organizations can provide to the Government institutions of the Government of Croatia with the non-governmental sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Agenda item 29 (Implementation of the island of Mayotte)
He said that the exclusion of Taiwan of the United Nations violates the principles of universality and self-determination contained in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
It was also expressed the concern that the inclusion of the member of the “or commitment to fulfil” is not clear.
However, it was expressed concern that the alternative wording B did not expressly refer to the responsibility of the carrier and that paragraph 1 indicated that the carrier was entitled “the value of its responsibility” without an indication of that responsibility.
The Working Group approved the substance of paragraph on the merits.
* Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, India, Ghana, India, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Malaysia, Pakistan, Pakistan, the Syrian Arab Republic, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Sierra Leone, Swaziland, Togo, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play a role in other situations of tension, in particular the question of Palestine.
It is the Iraqi regime that it has always been able to avoid war.
I would like to stress the very useful contributions of a large number of speakers before me, who have greatly enriched our debate on this very important issue.
My delegation heard with the attention of the United Nations Member States during this debate.
A starting point could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that should be prepared to guide our decisions in the future of Iraq.
The Security Council will continue, and will continue, the primary responsibility for global peace and international security.
My Government is fully committed — and will continue to act in combating international terrorism.
We must be aware of the fact that there has always been people living under foreign occupation and that under international law are in right to resist such occupation.
We also take other measures to develop cooperation in this area with other Central Asian States.
It was said:
In particular, funding arrangements for resident coordinator will continue to be used to support coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3, the Administrator provides for the financing of funds, for the financing of the funds that UNDP shall maintain, separate appropriations submitted to the approval of the Governing Council.
It shall transmit to its partners the lessons learned and practices in order to ensure that their policies and programmes meet the concerns of the poor, those that affect and abuse of HIV/AIDS, those who are in conflict or post-conflict situations and those who are otherwise excluded from participation in decision-making and their choice.
Accordingly, this proposal is not expected to reduce the cost-sharing rate to reflect the interests of which is currently about 2 per cent.
The budget for the biennium 2002-2003 was $2.3 million.
In order to enable a comparison with changes in the volume of activities approved for the current budget period, increased or decrease is expressed for the assistance of the same factors used for approval of credit.
Urban Secretariat
Burkina Faso reported that it had begun the ratification procedure.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter from 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report submitted by Indonesia to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of issues before the Council is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/1999/25/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2004/20/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2004/20/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2006/10/Add.11 of 17 April 2003, S/2006/10/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2006/10/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2004/20/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
The afforestation and reforestation project contributes to poverty reduction in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization has resulted in a decline in the State's income in the decrease of customs and tax rights, and thus providing a reduction of public expenditure, especially in the social sector.
Further details were requested on the joint group of human rights/WTO, proposed by the independent expert; some delegations, stressing the need for human rights issues, including the right to development, be considered in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, stated that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, delegations requested strengthening cooperation, trade and regional integration.
One speaker expressed the view that the working group itself had already been a follow-up mechanism and that it was necessary to examine national studies and experiences and monitor the implementation of the outcome of United Nations conferences.
In this context, the working group considered that States should be able to eliminate the obstacles to the exports of developing countries and delete in certain economic sectors that have prevented the exports of those countries.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate this work, including by introducing recommendations, as appropriate.
The group addressed questions to the Director of the project on water treatment methodology, the quantities of the sub-item that contains water, the number of employees and entities that provide water.
It also emphasizes the importance of effective, accountable and predictable collaboration in this area.
Studies
Once again, the use of the veto, on 14 October, prevented the adoption of a resolution considered by all as balanced — a resolution that was not entitled to Israel to respect the principle of the prohibition of the acquisition of territories by force and to consider that the wall is illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.35 p.m.
Through its career development programmes for a year, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, encouraged the strengthening of leadership at the national level in a number of countries — South Africa, Cambodia, Cambodia, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal, Senegal, Senegal and Swaziland, as well as in the Caribbean region.
List of tables 10
Analysis and evaluation
The written response to Iraq's claim may be summarized as follows:
In the number of these instruments, the Treaty prohibiting nuclear weapons in the atmosphere, outer space and under the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Principles of Nuclear Weapons (NPT), the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT) and the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT).
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1955, and entered into implementation on 23 June 1977, established the first demilitarized zone.
Mr. Fane (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to associate itself with the consensus that the draft resolution had been made.
Iraq had recognized that there was no attention to these changes.
I believe that if we are genuine, we must accept that the term of innocence is left, no need for us.
The last part of the concluding observations.
General implications: development and poverty reduction can be achieved only if productivity gaps in the country and between countries are reduced through the mobilization of expertise, know-how, technologies and information in developing countries, with a view to equitable and sustainable development.
It is why the strengthening of institutional capacity, the development of expertise and the promotion of entrepreneurs are also crucial for success and the impact of UNIDO technical cooperation programmes; in this perspective, it is proposed here for UNIDO technical cooperation activities, which should be able to benefit from more focused and more effective capacity-building and expertise.
The Australian Free Trade Treaty, establishing a monetary, economic and social union law entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German-speaking Agreement on preparations and organization in all Germany of the first election to the Horn of the same year.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights have compulsory force at the national level, given the ratification of these instruments, but also because under article 25 of the Basic Law of the latter have a higher authority to regular laws and create direct rights and obligations for the inhabitants of the federal territory, as they may be interpreted as general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties devoted a separate chapter to the question of participation of the public (Australia, New Zealand, the Czech Republic, Sweden), but many have addressed the question under another point, on the participation of NGOs and decision makers (Bulgaria, Finland, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Italy, and the general principle (Italy).
Other speakers consider the participation of public participation in the development of plans, programmes and policies in the report with issues related to climate change (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict, it is essential to maintain a minimum environment for environmental cooperation to preserve natural resources and prevent the health of persons from threatened and the environment.
There should be a need for the construction of new water treatment facilities, to provide the re-establish the use of these waters.
The quality of waste in water and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be consistent with the most recent international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo Agreement II, it should be used to use the installation that exists at Ramma Hova in Israel.
Second report on the implementation of the programme budget
Mr. Badga (Liechtenstein) said that the year had been a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in the area of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including by improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as by introducing multilingualism and education of indigenous peoples to promote better understanding among cultures.
After having received additional information and information on this subject, the Committee considered the item during several official meetings, and several proposals on ways to address this problem were presented by the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
At the first time, all individuals have the duty to help the public power, within their capacity, to fulfil their fundamental role.
Article 12
(g) It is important to request special rapporteurs and representatives to take the functions that are assigned and to continue to address the topics that are beyond their jurisdiction.
The Committee considers that the special information programme on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has contributed significantly to the media and public opinion on the situation.
The Arabs sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, as indicated in the report of the Secretary-General, will remain a fundamental element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General wishes to draw attention to Member States on the fact that the cost of this first Review Conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be paid by States parties and non-State parties to the Convention, which will participate in, and in accordance with the United Nations scale.
(a) A number of concern at the regional commissions a high proportion of General Service staff in the Professional and higher categories and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, where appropriate, initiatives taken;
(c) The ratio of General Service staff and staff members for all these offices, as well as the need for support, is the local situation and the rule of infrastructure and trade services in the host country.
Five men, women and children are killed.
For the first time, since the missile crisis of Cuba, the peoples of the world shall take the extent of the two possible options around a crisis of this seriousness; it is, a peaceful settlement, which is a peaceful settlement, with the serious consequences of such acts for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
It is in interest of the Iraqi people.
For example, in two months of work on the ground, it is to note that by the cooperation of Iraqi authorities, inspectors have easy access to more than 200 sites, including presidential and private homes.
Indigenous peoples and indigenous communities are not deprived of their livelihoods and are not removed from land, in violation of the Convention No. 169.
They do not take disciplinary or other measures against workers or other persons who have filed a complaint or affirmed that the society do not comply with the standards;
Thirdly, it was argued that it should be ready to amend its positions and to explore a fair compromise.
Composition
Netherlands Mr.
and
In accordance with the supervision of the Registry (art. 26-3), a draft budget is prepared by the Registrar.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Afghanistan, Algeria, Belarus, Armenia, Armenia, Armenia, Armenia, Bangladesh, Bahrain, Barbados, Barbados, Bhutan, Bhutan, Bhutan, Bhutan, Bhutan, Brazil, Botswana, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cambodia, Cambodia, Central African Republic, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, South Africa, Mauritius, Mauritius, South Africa, United Arab Emirates, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, South Africa, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, South Africa, Mauritius, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, South Africa, South Africa, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, South Africa, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, South Africa, South Africa, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, South Africa, South Africa, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Libyan Arab Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of America, Mauritius, Mauritius, Libyan Arab Emirates, United Arab Emirates, Mauritius, Mauritius
That Syria calls — or any person in this Hall — to be the vote of the wisdom of wisdom represents a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
The delegation of the United States would like to know what reasons for the establishment of a senior body of senior officials an essential element for the progress of the major organizational reforms aimed at strengthening international public service (A/57/78).
The European Union endorsed the recommendation made by the Commission in its report (A/57/30) concerning the maximum amount of mandatory education costs and compensation for studies in the country and the monetary areas listed in paragraphs 14 (a) and (b) of paragraph 141, as well as the recommendation on the payment and additional costs of sub-items (c) (c) (c) (c) of paragraph 141).
All parties attended regular meetings and responded without delay.
A total of 6 per cent in the past six months.
This hour of history requires discussion, an introductory statement and action.
Mexico believes that real reform must be supported on five specific criteria.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration - developing countries and least developed countries in all regions - was gradually expanded to services.
Objectives and objectives
However, when the amount is too high, it may have a deterrent and to bring about the objective of access to such access, economic and rapid insolvency proceedings.
To ensure that the assets of the encumbered assets may have effect to increase in the provision of credit, since secured creditors would have secured the insurance that their real rights would not be injured by the opening of insolvency proceedings.
The assets of the debtor have prepared during this period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The possibility of measures to protect the value of the encumbered asset should be given to balance with their complexity and cost costs, and the need for the court to be able to take difficult trade decisions on this protection.
Arbitration
For greater transparency in the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clarify in the law imposed on the credentials of the insolvency representative concerning the types of contract considered in this section.
However, even if this approach is adopted, it is that the insolvency representative should open a procedure to recover the assets or value of their equivalent value to the holder when the latter did not return.
As noted in the past, however, a total of a total of the enterprise may be re-establish the business and to undermine its exploitation at a critical stage of its survival.
The following list does not claim to be accurate and, in some cases, the functions of the insolvency law will not be relevant because of the provisions of the insolvency law.
In general rule, the Committee will act on behalf of creditors: its functions will therefore be directly linked to the general functions entrusted to the General Assembly, as indicated above.
When a committee of creditors is established (and that there is a need for professional officers), it is necessary to give effect to that obligation by virtue of its members (and professional professionals) that they agree on confidentiality agreements.
Some of them are the general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan must be made clear and clear to all the parties of the financial situation of the debtor and the changes of certain rights that are proposed, or set out minimum requirements, for example, that the plan must provide for payment of certain competing claims.
In practice, this deadline may be 10 days (see chap.
The recommendations relating to the opening notification provide the protection of the debtor by requiring the opening of the notice to the author or by providing the possibility of obtaining this presumption.
For example, the ILO Convention on the Protection of Claims of workers in insolvency cases, 1992 (n No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the decline in this area.
With regard to the past, the programme is responsible for providing support to the Economic and Social Council and the interaction between the Council and the United Nations System Coordination Board.
On 6 December, the Chair circulated a draft statement by welcoming the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, presented in a private meeting with the participation of troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (United Nations Disengagement Observer Force), the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force during the six months (S/2002/1328).
Official meetings
Bearing in mind the majority of the votes required, the Committee decides to recommend to the General Assembly to appoint Mr. Co-operation in Kapelen Kapom (Jamaica) and Mr. Manvi N. Mani (Côte d'Ivoire (Côte d'Ivoire)
In the view of the Secretary-General, these powers are in good and due form.
The Togi Foundation is proud to provide effective electronic communications services that allow G-77 to meet its growing information and communication needs.
This is a permanent forum in which educational institutions and their leaders can discuss issues and important issues in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (1-27 November 2002) seminar organized in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (one 100 participants);
Development strategies
The social fabric of women and girls from vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, former adult combatants were the only people to do our attention.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations will provide a general training manual for the United Nations peacekeeping missions and peacekeeping missions.
There is a need to be more effective in post-conflict situations and post-conflict reconstruction.
The international community should take appropriate measures for relief and compensation.
Web sites Chairman of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
During the 12 years, Gibraltar has taken the resolutions of the Security Council.
We are now in phase of rapid growth, sustained by a strong research programme for development, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the resolutions adopted by the General Assembly of the International Atomic Energy Agency, including the latest of which is resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
According to estimates, the reduction of one week of the annual sessions must be translated into a economy of US$ 300, on the basis of full cost, for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include that the exercise of the right to water without discrimination and impose measures aimed at ensuring effective, concrete and targeted implementation.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties and the Regional Bureau may, if necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information1.
Add a new subparagraph (f) as follows:
“(a) The location of the division of division 2.1 if the content contains more than 85 per cent per cent, in the mass of the same components and whether the chemical is equal or higher than 30 kJ/g.
“For the United Nations No. 3175, the test test is not required when the metal is fully eliminated in a solid content itself.
P33 Add the following paragraph after “E4” test at the level of test group II.
4.1.9.2.2.2.2.2.2.2 Replace “the industrial industry” (P-1)).
The paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.6 A.6.6.6 to 6.1.4.6 and 6.1.4.6 and 6.1.4.8 and 6.1.4.8 A.4.7.1 and 6.1.4.1 respectively.
6.2.2.2.2.3.3 Management
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
She noted that, according to paragraphs 14 and 144, women victims of trafficking were immediately expelled from Switzerland and that there was no longer in the country, they cannot be subjected to the perpetrators of offences.
In order to ensure peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to create a lasting and credible basis.
Without support from the associated suffering of bloodism, we can do so that it has been used with success in order to ensure development and stability in other countries and in other regions.
However, there was an increase in over the past two years, but the amount remains still below the 1990s.
The strong commitment of the international community, from the floor to action, and the continued leadership and leadership of Africa, working in sustained development of the continent, will contribute to ensuring the full success of NEPAD.
It is the first international legally binding treaty on trade in biotechnology.
• Revable releases of organic pollutants and waste by ad hoc sources;
66636
As the Secretary-General indicated in his last report, good note was taken in the consideration of the activities of cooperation undertaken in 1999 by the Commission of the Lord's Resistance Commission, the implementation of the formula for the e-mail and experience in this context.
Composition
(f) Working paper submitted by the President (A/AC.268/2009/CRP.1/Rev.1, Rev.1/Add.1 and Rev.1/Rev.1; A/AC.268/1/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.2, A/AC.268/1/Rev.1);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a member of the United Nations civilian personnel in the discharge of its functions in the service of peace, exclusion of those who died of natural causes or accident after the effective date of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation ( extradition, legal assistance, controlled delivery, combating trafficking by sea, cooperation in the area of law enforcement and training);
Article 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that members of the Office of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs remain in accordance with the election of their successor and shall be eligible for election.
(c) The COP should organize research on cooperative models in order to demonstrate how to better and can be used in innovative manner, and create ways to share best practices and experience.
The mere reference of a symbol in a text means that it is a document of the Organization.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had developed to the end of other delegations expressed interest in the proposal made by member States of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC).
There is a risk of duplication and duplication.
The family, which is the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for sub-development and the well-being of all its members, must be protected and receive necessary assistance to assume all its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; killings, destruction, destruction and detention are the result of those children who have access to education nor medical care.
Their current situation in the context of Israeli occupation is very far from a world for children.
We hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its broad range of activities will help achieve the expected objectives of this draft resolution.
(a) To pay special attention to the protection of children, especially minor minors, and to internally displaced persons in their countries that are exposed to the risk of abducted or forced to participate in armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 54/54 K of 9 December 1997, 54/54 K of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
The problems of protection of children — against sexual abuse and sexual exploitation, were the main obstacles to education of girls.
The Director-General for West Africa and Central Africa reported that several countries of the region were in the process of drafting a legislation providing for more serious penalties for the perpetrators.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (NGOs) was already established.
UNICEF is currently preparing two HIV/AIDS strategies.
The resources available to this type of activities have already been included in the programme budget for the biennium, as well as in chapter 24 (continued) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
The amount would cover expenditure for: 12 military advisers/military liaison officers ($1788); 8 civilian police advisers (125); 1 United Nations Volunteers); 1 United Nations Professional staff) and 73 national staff; and an increase of 12 posts resulting from a net decrease of 27 international staff and 21 posts;
Consideration of the programme budget: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I would like to draw the attention of members of the Council on the other documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, dated 2 June and 24 July 2003, from the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations; and S/2003/685 and S/2003/698, dated 2 July and 9 July 2003 respectively, to the Secretary-General of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General.
“The President of the Islamic Conference of the States of the United Nations Conference to the United Nations, to request the Security Council to invite Mr. Ali Mohamed Mohamed Ádini, Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, to submit a briefing to the Council under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure to the Council of its provisional rules of procedure of the Secretary-General of the United Nations.
But the effect is the same: the annexation.
The fear of fear is still very poor and constitutes an exceptional solution to the problems facing Israel.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs of Norway reiterates that no unequivocal condemnation of his name with President Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Israeli settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories, as well as the excessive use of force against the innocent Palestinians are aware of the well-being of despair.
However, it also took note of the different points of view that had been expressed within the Working Group on the form and scope of implementation of this instrument, its fundamental principles and some of its main characteristics.
24-11). It agreed to recommend that the secretariat follow-up to suggestions to expand the scope of the study to include the obstacles to electronic commerce that could be derived from other instruments that have proposed inclusion, and to examine with those organizations in the implementation of the planning modalities, taking into account the constraints that might impose on the secretariat's current workload.
The companies who have been engaged in legitimate trade activities should not be aware of their identity or business.
(i) To carry out a new nuclear-weapon-free reduction, verifiable and irreversible reduction, on the basis of unilateral initiatives and in the context of the reduction of nuclear weapons and nuclear disarmament process;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and to make every effort to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The members of the State party claims that when considering the ratification of the documents that will be submitted to the participation of Latvia in the partnership and cooperation between the Russian Federation, one hand, and the European communities and their member States, to determine whether it is subject to the ratification of the documents contained in relation to Latvia's national human rights obligations.
She would also like to know whether the Government encourages the training of women's organizations.
Science and technology as the foundation for sustainable forest management
Secondly, it must be used to use the knowledge of cases to develop indicators for the different factors of stress and that they are specific and strong scientific.
Date and place
The President: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.9 expressed the wish that the text be adopted by the Commission without a vote.
Thanks to this simplified approach, it is possible to access not only to the database but also to the other available information on the web site.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Coordination
Aware of the need for greater coherence and efficiency in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on cities and other human settlements in this new millennium and in achieving the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
pilot projects had been approved for two territories and their implementation would be given to a careful review to determine whether they may be applied.
The Supreme Council of the judiciary shall also elect candidates on the list referred to in article 3, paragraph 5, between two candidates whose names are also communicated by the Secretary-General, which will serve as a judge of international education and that will be alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 1035.
The claim for the period from Kakhi, 56 - 95 22
The KAFCO assessed the fuel of Jand A-1 to the cost of replacement in May 1991, based on the average price of metals.
The production methodology used after this date is based on the annual production rate that it had considered in 1994, although the figures for real production are available today.
Ms. Pham Thi Nga (Viet Nam) said, in explanation of his delegation's position, that the draft resolution did not reflect the progress made in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is proud of the request that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo addressed to the international community concerning the establishment of an international criminal tribunal for its country in order to eliminate violence and impunity.
In November last November, a mother of seven children, was killed during a terrorist attack at the same headquarters.
They are essential to achieve a comprehensive settlement.
As far as the international community has given its appreciation to the road map by the Israeli and Palestinian parties, its implementation requires a genuine political will to achieve the final objective, namely the settlement of the two States, envisaged by the President of the United States.
In spite of some positive signs that have recently indicated a resumption of the political process, Israeli settlement policies and the continuation of the construction of the separation wall are against all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to promoting peace and development.
However, while maintaining the death of the terrorists, we must accept that one of the sources of the tragedy of this tragedy is in the despair of some peoples, victims of frustration and injustice that later be addressed.
On the other hand, Iran has not a nuclear-weapon-free nuclear weapons programme and does not mean.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral appeal to the military force, in the area of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage countries, individually, to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI, have committed committed themselves to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
Reaffirming the need for the implementation of General Assembly resolution 54/4 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of those accused are killed and that others are never arrested.
In addition, following a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution defines the family as an entity based on the equality of spouses.
This plan provides for the establishment of the political committees of the villages of the country, which are responsible for the implementation of the project at the village level.
We are willing to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal for that trial.
With regard to the question raised by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and early transfer would allow for cases to be completed, as the President said, the judicial process is not flexible.
Recommendation 2.
It is why solutions to prevent the use of ballistic missile for military purposes will be taken by the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, the first one of which nuclear weapons.
The export of export, it was proposed to reduce export subsidies and export allocations, but not a specific objective or specific timetable.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment, by the Community of Women's Women's Network, aimed at promoting women, in particular by facilitating access, in good conditions, credit and trade training;
Such a project is under way in Central Asia.
A.
Composition
Some participants emphasized the need to study the possibility of creating an international stabilization fund that would have the role of the insurance mechanism to assist in addressing the losses arising from the application of response measures.
Aware of the importance of collaboration among agencies that have joined the Global Environment System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty be deleted from the law on criminal sanctions of the two Powers and that it is expressly prohibited in their respective Constitution.
The Commission decided to establish an open-ended working group to study ways to improve the predictability of financing.
It was mentioned in particular the proposed provision for the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions imposed by third States.
It would be desirable to suspend sanctions in cases of special circumstances or force (e.g. natural disasters, threats of famine, general strife, resulting in an attack on the administration of the country), in order to prevent humanitarian disasters.
Accordingly, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered in case of cases.
His delegation suggested that the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergency situations and in the case of major force in order to prevent humanitarian disasters, and should be decided to be decided on the case of the suggestion that it was expressed that it did not respond to the idea that such a provision could not be addressed if such a provision could not be necessary for humanitarian remedies.
It was further noted that the last principle (sect. 5 above) raised an important issue of codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the Commission of International Law, and that the Sixth Committee in discussion.
Transparency will remain the nature of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
In that connection, despite the slight amendment recommended by the Group of Governmental Experts, the concerns of members of the League of Arab States remained unchanged; they believe that it must be extended to the scope of the Register, in particular because of the experience of the past years has shown that there is no longer limited participation in seven categories of conventional weapons, which will not be universal participation.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help to strengthen our achievements in the rule of law.
For my delegation, it is one historic opportunity that the Republic of San Marino took the floor to the Security Council.
Decides further that the Office of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee will be composed of five representatives of Member States elected in the principle of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors raised several points regarding the liquidation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1n), para.
Please indicate whether, where your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and conclusion
Source: The Hague Conference Series, Convention No. 2 (d.
The obstacles to the full and full participation of women in political life are rather dependent on traditional attitudes of society; there has been a few resistance, the share of men, with regard to the fact that women can play a role in decision-making.
On 22 November, the trial of another Kosovo Kosovo, accused to be de facto from April to Mitrovica, began on 22 November.
Research activities in the areas of physical physical, air, air and science.
UNCTAD's activities in the area of trade and development had not been able to make double employment with the work of other organizations, but to consider the relationship between trade and development in an objective and integrated manner in order to facilitate and strengthen the process and negotiations in other forums.
The pilot phase had already been able to strengthen the capacity of Somali institutions for disarmament, demobilization and reintegration.
The target group: All heads.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the General Assembly at its seventh session to give effect to the present decision.
“The village of village”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are not able to protect them is in your burden.
The Commission on Human Rights must play an essential role in improving the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other interested entities, as well as multilateral agencies, as well as multilateral agencies to continue to contribute to voluntary or in accordance with their mandates, activities relating to the development and implementation of action programmes to combat desertification in all regions;
She said that she wished to resolve the issue at a meeting of the expanded office, given that the views that he had the expanded office, which would not necessarily reflect the Commission as a whole.
(iv) All basic expenses and expenditure relating to the representative of the Secretary-General to serve as to the International Advisory and Control Board during the six months set out above, after which the expenses of the United Nations;
Its efforts to combat terrorism using weapons of mass destruction will also be in accordance with the framework of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee's programme on the basis of the establishment of the legal framework for the fight against terrorism, then the strengthening of the executive arrangements for the implementation of legislation, and the development of international cooperation.
Its basis for production remains close and limited.
In spite of the long periods of hope that we see a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been the area of armed confrontation in other phases and periods which had serious implications and implications for peace efforts that Egypt has made clear and clear determination to establish a just and comprehensive peace in the Middle East and the peoples of the Middle East.
Also urges States to take all appropriate measures to protect the cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the absence of effective control of the flag State provides for the maritime sector to the smuggling of arms and drug trafficking and diamonds, etc.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
At time of war, the territorial courts of armed forces and military tribunals in the armed conflict.
Participants were attended by the number of 11 countries, among which representatives of government agencies, international organizations, international organizations, consumers, trade and industry.
The PRESIDENT said that he had been honoured to preside over the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Council, which took place with a period where, after four years of reform, the Organization has a greater stability.
Ghana, despite financial constraints, has undertaken to honour its financial obligations to the Organization.
Date of regular sessions
If the President continued to be representative of a member of the Governing Council or is unable to fulfil its functions, or if the State member of which he was committed to a member of the Governing Council, the Office shall designate a Vice-Presidents as President of the Executive Committee as a President of the Governing Council.
The role of poverty and its impact on the whole population was highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
It welcomed the elimination of 57 products and the rationalization of publications.
The Committee recommended that the dissolution of the Committee of missing persons in Cyprus, as long as it could not agree on the way to carry out its work programme and that it is not able to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that the UNHCR programme budget was presented in the form of grants to streamline the relationship between the Office and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered chapter 35 (the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The subprogramme's strategy should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial policy review and conclusions be submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women for consideration and measures to take, if appropriate.
The list of participants in annex I.
A representative of the minority recommended self-government for people in a specific region of Nigeria, in explanation of economic development and the full participation of the Islamic Republic of Nigeria.
The term “the term of minorities” has not been accepted by all, its use of discussions and discussion.
It should be encouraged to encourage training courses for minorities to learn from human rights mechanisms and the development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
There is a need for a new consensus on the issue of the role of the public sector in the area of energy for sustainable development (which could be for example to establish public policies, to establish priorities and guide markets), without prejudice to the market forces not only to address energy poverty in developing countries, in particular in rural areas.
Currently, the approach could be qualified to “to change”: some provisions of the Convention have been translated into specific laws.
(c) The two Turkish military aircraft of C-160, from the FIR of Ankara, entered the FIR of Ankara, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, and circled over the occupied area of the FIR of Ankara before it.
There is a need for long-term political will.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and all recently, Liberia, show the full success of our Organization in the deployment of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes in the conditions of emergency, peacekeeping operations in more complex, involving multiple partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Attorney-General of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Moreno-Ocampo, was now able to discuss our office in Geneva to discuss with us of collaboration.
These words are the best tribute to MONUC's work.
Mr. Artijal (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): Mr. President, I would like to thank your delegation for having an important issue that the human rights of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the agenda of the Council.
A ecosystem approach requires the expansion of functions and processes in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
Intergovernmental Group on Forests
(iii) Measures to address risks, in particular political risks, which are investors who commit themselves to sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
The United States did not have money when they offered money to Iranian nationals after the United States of America later than the Iranian missiles in Iran above.
A number of students in the management of knowledge management, particularly those relating to accounting
(b) Analysis and design of systems (C., which covers information technology issues, is treated in the table 3 below.
The Government of Israel is headed by a strong terrorist terrorist, which, two police officers who participated in the killing of Kassm. in 1956, has ordered the Palestinian children before their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General to ensure that, when it establishes the conference services conference services, to ensure that the resources provided for in temporary temporary temporary assistance are able to respond to the full demand for estimated services;
Paragraph 2 would be very close to paragraph 2 of the Model provision 32 and would therefore be inserted: “without ex-combatants that may be required for the implementation of the project shall be carried out in accordance with the items contained in paragraph 2, and would be followed between the type of provision referred to in paragraph 2 of the type of reference.
A second term may be added to the French version.
The Model provision, as amended, is approved and referred to in the drafting group.
[OptionE ON HUMAN RIGHTS Annex II]
(f) That, as stated in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of liberty must be released in a way that allows for the verification that they have been effectively released and, in addition, have been released in conditions that guarantee their physical integrity and the possibility of receiving their rights;
The study revealed that the quality of the administrative services of the Secretariat does not provide full advantage of the opportunities offered by technology, nor to adopt modern practices as other organizations.
Having considered the report submitted by the Secretary-General pursuant to resolution 57/11 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, in order to bring Myanmar to a transition towards a civilian regime, and to ensure that all the two are fully and freely freely freely and that all persons with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur shall be submitted to any form of intimidation, harassment or punishment;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/... of the Commission on Human Rights, dated ... April 2003, endorsed the decision of the Commission to extend a year to the mandate of the Special Rapporteur, as contained in resolution 1992/58 of 3 March 1992, and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.”
• It should be seriously considered to remove the major mining companies held by the State, such as Gassine and the MIFA (Matanga).
Expresses its appreciation to Governments that have paid additional contributions to the establishment of national human rights institutions and the strengthening of those that exist;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the host country;
The unutilized balance was due mainly to the decision that was not to purchase new fuel groups, the equipment available available to spare parts and had sufficient access to electricity production.
Recalling that the United Nations human rights instruments and plans and programmes of global action call upon the provision of protection and assistance to the family of protection and assistance as wide as possible, and that the family is of various forms, which vary according to cultural, political and social systems,
The Vor-Torio Group is concerned about the problems of suppliers and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its role in the budget process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, in which, in which, in particular, invites the Programme for the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and resource management of the Programme on the basis of priorities established by Member States;
Capacity-building: support for organizational and planning entities and private organizations
Discussions were specifically devoted to these items and draft resolutions were submitted and considered at the 11th to the 15th meeting, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.2/57/PV.11 to 15 p.m. in 15 October (see A/C/C.2/57/PV.112 to 15 p.m.
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its mission on six p.m. and then returned to the Qasr Ninai in Mosul.
The National Monitoring Directorate informed the review and encouraged the participation of the meeting.
It should be recognized the importance of the high-level services for economic and social development;
Annex
(b) In fact, for any person who is responsible for the private sector or works, in any manner, in any manner, for such entity, to seek or accept, directly or indirectly, direct or indirectly, for example, in order to carry out any other person or entity, in order to fulfil an act and to do so as to do so as to [in accordance with a relationship with a relationship with an economic operation of the financial nature of the private sector”.
[j) To identify, freeze and detect the funds of illicit origin from acts of corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties shall establish a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
According to those delegations, it would also be important to ensure that the system designed to take into account the existing regional mechanisms and has to avoid duplication.
Text taken from the proposal of Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (on 32) presented a “without reference to measures taken”.
For this year, a presentation is provided for agriculture but not for energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases of difficulty affecting more complex cases;
Agenda item 84
Furthermore, the thematic meetings of treaty bodies should be encouraged to improve and improve the protection of human rights in a determined area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Implementation and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate it to the consideration of the Third Committee.
In response to the commitment of States that are not nuclear-weapon States, States that have to demonstrate their tangible progress in the sense of nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and damage to the rights and means of the existence of local populations (in a strong influence in the Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General on 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations made by the Secretary-General that a electoral unit would be established within UNAMA, and urges Member States to support the activities of the United Nations in the electoral area in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your letter from 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report submitted by Spain to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It is working to promote sport in the areas of policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador's five women's five women, compared with 61 men.
She said that the most important legislative amendment was the revision of the Family Code, which was in the first reading of the Family Code.
Resolution 146 (2003)
Executive Order No. 336, which covers the National Commission for Action against Air and Terrorism as the National Security Council of Civil Aviation.
C. C. P.
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The fruitful exchange of views that have been followed by delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
African Unity
Mr. NASF
However, it may be necessary in such a case or any case to take various factors, including the rules of organization, its practice, the issue of effective control and the existence of agreement governing its relations with the State.
OHCHR is taking into account the generous contribution of donors, especially donor Governments, to cover these needs.
The essential task remains to overcome the impact of past violence and to address current violations by developing national means to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Capacity-building;
The first results of the work of the Community provide a rich potential for cooperation between the Community and the International Organization, on the basis of the principles of partnership, participation and complementarity of efforts.
29B.24 Programme Planning and Budget Planning Division are under the Division for Programme Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in that regard.
In view of these contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the Trust Fund for the Institute at 31 December 2003 should be expected to be estimated at 7355.
Request for hearing
Paragraph 1
The definition of the term “informal” means the definition of the same term in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Marolberg (room DC1-603; tel. 1 (212) 963-9684 or 963-9196).
With the exception of publications for sale and information documents issued by the Department of Public Information, the official documents of the present Journal, the official documents of the United Nations in the electronic version of the present Journal.
Ltd. (Sudan); LXV = Air Air Air (Egypt); NL = N = Nsnar Air Air Aviation Company); Relief Services Ltd. (United Kingdom).
Trafficking is still more than 50 per cent of trade.
In the light of the illegal security forces by the security forces, the ex-combatants and others have prevented any economic transition from economic stabilization and cannot discourage the flow of capital flows by foreign investors.
The United Nations should assume a more active role in negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearances of weapons would be, according to the testimony, acts made by secret acts.
The prevalence of HIV/AIDS increased and children represent 7 per cent of the infected population.
However, the country offices must be able to better develop lessons learned and recommendations.
Conclusions and objectives
Press conferences
The status of ratification of the conventions and information received on the implementation of action programmes were among key indicators of progress in the fight against slavery and non-interference.
The observer for UNICEF introduced the work of the Fund in the field of child protection.
Calls upon the organs and institutions of the United Nations to develop and implement codes of conduct prohibiting any form of sexual exploitation of the United Nations personnel, service providers of workers by the United Nations and humanitarian agents, and invites non-governmental organizations to do so as to do so as to do so;
Invites States and non-governmental organizations to undertake research to achieve better understanding of the diversion of certain practices in order to deter women and girls from trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African Ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers, on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also Security Council resolution 60/251 of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and decision-making at the 1990 session on improving and effectiveness of its operation (CD/106), the Conference invited States not members to participate in its work: Azerbaijan, Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Cyprus, Cyprus, Denmark, Estonia, Estonia, Greece, Ghana, Greece, Greece, Kuwait, Kuwait, Kuwait, Kuwait, Madagascar, Madagascar, Lithuania, Madagascar, Madagascar, Madagascar, Malta, Malta, Mauritius, Mauritius, Mauritius, Poland, Poland, Poland, Mauritius, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Poland, Poland, Poland, Lithuania, Poland, Mauritius, Poland, Poland, Poland, Mauritius, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Poland, Mauritius, Mauritius, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Mauritius, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Portugal, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Mauritius, Russian Federation, Lithuania, Lithuania, Portugal, Portugal, Portugal, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Mauritius, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Lithuania, Lithuania, Portugal, Mauritius, Mauritius, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Slovakia
I hope that the Ministers will seek accelerated measures on all these critical security issues.
It is concerned about the more possible links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/375, A/57/786, A/58/78 and A/61/580)
Encourages countries to present, under the Optional Protocol, at the session of the Commission in particular, to highlight concrete progress in the implementation, including results, difficulties encountered and opportunities;
(d) To strive to achieve, within the Commission, better and balanced representation of major groups of all regions;
The issue of agricultural subsidies, which trade trade, was raised and considered as a serious obstacle to achieving sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005 additional activities to undertake a review, assessment and analysis of progress made in the realization of the objectives; inventory of problems and obstacles, but also of opportunities, the development of lessons learned, including through coordination of information received from various sources and activities aimed at strengthening capacity during the sessions of the Commission; and the establishment of a information and communication system management system;
The assistance provided to develop educational materials, training materials and senior officials, and to provide technical and financial support to the organization of training sessions of Cambodia.
The total net amount of USD 432,21,314 for interest and the amount of USD 17,864,814,214,214,214, for the preparation of the claims - claimed for 38 claims for the first part of the sixteenth instalment.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and implemented in the framework of international cooperation, will ensure that regional initiatives carried out by various agencies or groups of agencies are used to be synergy.
The Fifth Committee, which considered the statement of programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions4, decided to inform the General Assembly that, if it adopted draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.1/Rev.1, the opening of credit of $1,937,000, which is required as follows:
Within the framework of the host country programme, the Government has immediate provision for housing, food assistance and language services for all returnees, men and women, and is trying to find their work, with a view to finding a vulnerable group.
Within the framework of international cooperation, the Government has complete its statistical centre and census statistics, in order to improve the data collected and to enable them to provide a gender breakdown.
There are a more high-quality literature on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and examples of best practices in many of this contribution.
See for example of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraph 5, and General Comment No. 14, paragraph 3.
It is a matter of way to reduce existing employment activities in the work of the Committee and those of international organizations?
- Local Governments, which are responsible for the law on local Governments, annex II, to address the issue of vulnerable children, must develop their potential in more pragmatic manner;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of the evolution of net transfers of resources to destination or from developing countries.
It is important to continue dialogue that had been launched in Johannesburg on the issue of debt cancellation in investment and sustainable development.
There have been cases in the past when the meetings of States parties have been delayed or delayed, owing to the lack of quorum.
On the occasion of the Human Rights Day, the New York Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights is organizing several activities to celebrate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the World Conference on Human Rights and the allocation of prices for human rights.
It was said that efforts should be made to avoid the problem when considering the provisions of chapter 8 in the light of existing instruments concerning electronic commerce.
He reiterated that the P&I initiative were favourable to the application of the instrument for transport, including if the difficulties could be met with a limited network of the limited network, with a uniform system, it was noted that the transport industry had been adopted, at a wide extent, adopted a network of the electronic transport network, in particular in UNCTAD/WTO and the Montreal Protocol.
In response to a question concerning the reasons for which the draft instrument should apply a rule by lack of “non-expendable damage”, it was reiterated that the main issue was to ensure that the liability regime applicable to such damage is predictable and secure.
10 a.m. Informal consultations (closed) Trusteeship Council Chamber
10 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
A briefing on the Youth Employment Network established by the Secretary-General, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Secretariat of the Youth Employment Network, the World Bank and ILO, will be held today from 30 September 2003 to 10 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Technical Group of the Open-ended Working Group on Information Technology will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003 at 11 p.m. in Conference Room 5, under the conduct of S.E. Ms.E. Ms.E. Ms. H.E. Ms. H.E. Ms. H.E. Ms.
The report of the posts approved for 30 June 2003, the staffing strength would be strengthened by 23 international staff (1 Field Service, 4 D-1, 13 P-3, 13 P-2-3/1, 29 P-2/1, 29 P-2/1, 29 P-2/1, 29 Field Service and 74 General Service (Other level)) 537 staff, including 25 United Nations Volunteers.
The last year would be attended by a Secretary (Other level)) and one P-5 (the national level).
Ms. Shin asked about the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission for Women's Issues, the Federal Office of Equal Opportunities between Women and Men and the Swiss Conference of the Interior and the Swiss Conference on Equality between Women and Men.
3
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint work programme with IAEA to develop a standard in accordance with the process of developing IAEA security standards with the appropriate participation of experts of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with the procedures and mechanisms of IAEA and the IAEA Committee.
Option 3
In our profound regret, the United Nations Secretariat has not taken any measure to authorize the United Nations observers in the demilitarized zone between Iraq of Kuwait, so that they can discharge the tasks they are able to fulfil their tasks under Security Council resolutions.
The primary health care still remain inappropriate in many countries.
Recently, in September, our trade negotiations have been killed.
Among those women, the National Women's Women's Forum is a body of dialogue and dialogue, multidisciplinary and representative dialogue, allowing women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and policy guidance for national development policies for the full development of women, in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat has defined guidance for the collection of such groups, training for their members in social organization and capacity-building, the choice of itself and human rights in the provinces of Chiunuka, Zacac, Zac, Zac, Zac, Zac and R.
Day of Health of Women.
This collaboration could begin by the holding of an international symposium on the various aspects of commercial fraud fraud and where the different stakeholders could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the non-governmental organization that requested the consultative status with UNIDO: World Federation of Non-Governmental Areas (GEF).
In this letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities would seriously consider the adoption of these measures and would be all the light of the incident of the “Becom”.
With regard to reports and recommendations of the teams that could be taken into account for the preparation of the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to circulate the chairpersons of a model for their contribution to the report of the Committee.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They also noted that the African Union was the common vision of a united and strong Africa that would enable the African continent to meet the multiple challenges that the continent and its people must face in the light of social, economic and political changes in the world.
They stressed the fact that these institutions should resist the efforts of some countries that use such such means to defend their interests only interests.
They called upon donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian assistance in the proportion of the needs of affected populations, without influence the level of interest of the media, nor by the geographical position of the location of the location of the media, which states that requires emergency humanitarian assistance.
The investigation into the investigation by Tunisia that no bank institution or the acquisition of funds, financial assets or resources of individuals or entities contained in the above list.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordination body should be designated within the United Nations system in order to provide support in this area and the United Nations regional commissions,
Convinced that the responsibility of road safety is responsible for local, municipal and national security,
Thematic discussion (th meeting) on the basis of consultations conducted by the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The draft amendment to the law on money-laundering, which provides acts of terrorism punishable by the Criminal Code in accordance with the Act of the Anti-Money Laundering Act, to freeze money-laundering without delay the funds or financial assets of persons or organizations of terrorism.
1-30 March 2004
This situation is considered regularly on the basis of a report submitted to the Secretary-General.
Recommendations for the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization's organization's organization to be the host of the seminar.
It should be expected to contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations establishing sustainable management of land resources and to bring about a qualitative and quantitative improvement of agricultural land and an increase in agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and their plans of action and in their educational and cultural policies and the content of indigenous knowledge, religious traditions, customs and religious traditions, customs and the identity of indigenous peoples, as well as their history, vision and values.
The collapse of the cold war and the role of nuclear weapons in nuclear-weapon States, the impasse in the Conference on Disarmament, the absence of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and especially the increased risk of nuclear weapons, has created a precarious situation that the non-nuclear-weapon States need to require negative security assurances.
A participated in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Meeting of the International Association of Women, held in Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Therefore, they must be secure through a number of provisions, namely:
- At the disposal of intellectual property rights;
We cannot allow us to allow the active Conference in the active or to allow me to cause the obstacles to the face or because our sense of failure us to decline in the hands of the hands.
During the preparation of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team initiated a dialogue with local leaders and military units throughout the country.
These officers have ensured the effectiveness of the rights and protection of children in peacekeeping operations.
However, if a United Nations organization is re-elected by an organization that shall apply the United Nations common system at least 12 months after its cessation of service, any amount to which it may have the right to the end of its re-election for the payment of termination, repatriation or payment of days of annual leave shall be adjusted to be adjusted in a manner that the number of weeks, or prior-month period.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council in particular, must act together in this critical period in order to avoid humanitarian disasters in Iraq.
Therefore, only the claims relating to the claims completed on 2 May 1990 or after that date under the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only the amount of compensation for compensation may be paid to compensation.
The “E4” Panel defined the scope of military operations and the concept of military action for the different locations and dates for the losses reported in the claims before it, in order to finalize the area and the payment period of compensation for compensation.”
Canada agreed with the presidency for a period of 1 January 2004, after the end of the mandate of South Africa, on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will review the best practices of these recent planning and lessons learned, to determine whether they could apply to future operations.
If a new operation should be put in place in 2003, the Secretariat would be able to make more quickly than the past, through the strengthening of the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of new civil support arrangements (such as the sub-items 3 and 4 below).
The maximum duration of deployment for members of the rapid deployment team will be 90 days, following which the individuals concerned will return to their place.
A CD-ROM of interactive training on stress was recently completed and communicated to missions in December 2002.
Training in the field missions has been strengthened by the establishment of training units in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET, as well as the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia.
The Department is deeply aware of the fact that a single code of conduct must be applied to all personnel affected to peacekeeping missions, as military, civilian, civilian and civilian police officers, even if disciplinary proceedings vary by staff.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Asia and the Pacific (including Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, Malta, the former Yugoslavia.
A commitment and cooperation is required at the national and international levels to address.
The lessons learned from the pilot projects show that it is essential to identify productive activities for which there is a potential demand, including short-term costs, which require expertise that persons with disabilities are likely to acquire.
It is developing a tension between vulnerability and the independence of the other hand — when an independent person is facing the new need to receive care and depend on other things.
After considering the case studies and interesting cases, a participant emphasized the need to find a just environment between self-government and public regulation to promote genuine transparency.
The search for a structure within which developed countries and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered necessary by several participants and noted that ISAR could play this role.
New York University H.E. New York
University
United Nations Decade for Education for Sustainable Development
In accordance with article 15, the shortcomings identified were reported to the claimants in order to address them.
In the case of a claim, the Panel has assured that the goods had been delivered in Iraq by the complainant, but had not been able to determine whether they had been little time before or after the date of the trade embargo imposed by Security Council resolution 661 (1990) on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries between August 1990 and April 1991 to the reduced employees of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur was sensitive to the support of the United Nations system for the preparation of the study.
In addition, it is 4 to 7 per cent of these companies are headed by women.
- The leaders and companies responsible for enterprises, institutions and organizations, and all other persons who provide assistance to terrorist activities, in particular through the financing of terrorists or terrorist groups or groups, providing or providing funds to be used, directly or indirectly, for the commission of acts of terrorism or related offences.
- It signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified it on 12 September 2002, indicating that it has jurisdiction for the offences covered in article 2 of the Convention in the case of article 7 of the Convention;
This law, which is not active, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Code of tax tax for the United States (United States Independent States) in force at 31 December 2000.
The ECE and its members play a central role, individually and collectively, assisting the Global Mechanism to fulfil its mission, such as it is defined in article 21 of the Convention, however, the sense of concern among the stakeholders, including the members of the W, is not yet fully paid to its role, which has been adopted until it had adopted a attitude.
C. To provide a creative opportunity for the Global Mechanism
There are still no doubt, but not strict that in 2002.
The meeting held on 9 and 10 July 1998 convened experts from nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention are guarantees in a constitution or other laws and, if so, if, or in the negative, if these provisions may be invoked before the proceedings, courts and administrative authorities and if they may give effect;
(a) Seven members selected by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Combating Crime, among the candidates proposed by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, in due regard to the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded through voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution must be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the Group of African States, as well as on behalf of the other sponsors, to submit draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti”.
With regard to the proportion of vacant posts, it is true that it should not be done to improve the progressive reduction of activities.
The defence system is another source of abuse.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on the work of its 2002 session
This figure is significantly lower than in 2001, owing to the rise in security concerns arising from terrorist attacks from 11 September 2001, which led some major resettlement countries to restrict the travel of their territory.
In 1998, many evidence of evidence had been submitted to FAC.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures arising from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;
New York, 12-23 May 2003
There was a need for an investigation of the situation before the Government to take a clear picture of the situation before taking steps to be taken, to assess the level of awareness of the issue in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report did not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group by providing information or information.
In the area of law enforcement agencies, Brazil had followed training at the Regional Training College for Drug Control in the Andean Community.
(9) The proposed rules also impose restrictions on the services provided in the list and activities of brokering.
To that end, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries of equipment and products that may be used for the purposes of torture or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment.
It was stated that, on specific cases referred to in the report, that the port of interpreters for long periods, or in cases of transfer from a prison, either as punishment, constitutes a violation of the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (Article 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment (ibid., para.
The text of the laws referred to in this regard may be consulted on the web site at http://www.un.ch/ch/ch/index.html);
Under this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of evidence by a member of the Mala S.96.IV.8), who had at least one of the Commissioner, that a person is or control of funds that are or may be used to commit an offence of terrorism or financing of terrorism, or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, it shall decide on the request of a complaint, unless the respondent or other person.
The “any terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Action Plan, which is the formal association of more than two persons, established in the time and engaged in concerted effort to commit terrorist offences.
E. European economic space, Swiss nationals and persons with their responsibility
In response to a request submitted by the British Government in October 2002, to ensure that the Caribbean territories of the Caribbean provide detailed information on all their accounts of savings before 15 November, the Movement of Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the Caribbean States members of the Organization of American States have decided to prepare training for specialized social services, including in drug abuse.
Small island developing States have some armed groups to face these two events and climate variability.
• To identify marine biological resources and identify land and marine areas that must be protected;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent the use of its territory not used to plan, organize or carry out terrorist crimes or to participate, must prevent the use of terrorist elements, individually or groups, and do not commit themselves to its territory and must not be able to receive them, nor to the use of them, or to allow them to use the national territory.
Some regions in the north and south of the African disease, as well as some mountain regions in many countries, are threatened by a malaria epidemic.
The Secretary-General is grateful for all the valuable support for the library.
(b) To develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources of the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and polymetallic sulphides, including conservation and preservation of the marine environment;
Recognizing that, at the beginning of the twenty-first century, the world is experiencing historical and urgency in which the forces of the collectiveism and religiousism continue to launch new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the Administrative Tribunal for the International Labour Organization should continue to continue, in the extent that the current disparities are more easily than some international staff may be easily accessible than other international officials.
For its part, the administration should follow up on the requests of the justice bodies of the administration of justice.
London, 17 November 1977,
Ms. Geltia (Cuba) said that it was to avoid the consensus that his delegation agreed to paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouhass (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind the World Food Summit: five years after adopted at Rome on 13 June 2002,
The summary was prepared after consultation with other members of the Council.
Assistance and guidelines
She continues to welcome the development of democracy in the Republic of China to Taiwan and hoped that the Chinese people, the two co-sponsors of Taiwan, resolve its differences in peaceful manner.
The Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly to include agenda item 16 at the fifty-eighth session.
The exchange rate for November 2002.
This supports the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at raising awareness of decision makers and the public of the importance of space activities; to promote sustainable development by taking advantage of space research; to promote increased use by United Nations agencies and the private sector, systems and services related to outer space; and improve the management of natural resources of the world.
Viet Nam has committed to building a strong and prosperous nation, equitable and democratic society, through the human and social policies.
The former colonial Powers are now responsible for the death of 10 children.
Unfortunately, the occupation authorities have prohibited the Turkish Cypriots to benefit from these benefits while limiting the freedom of expression of supporters of a Cyprus meeting.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are contained in the Constitution.
34), A/60/6 (Sect.
Round table on microcredit
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the absence of power of most forest workers have a significant effect on the impact of labour workers in the most difficult cases.
These activities are expected to accelerate new medicines and vaccines.
Since now, the Conference on Disarmament has no substantive work.
With regard to the protection of refugees, a party is a party to which it is important to meet the concerns of States in order to take into account the protection of refugees.
A national legislation on asylum and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement these obligations in a fair and effective manner.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with appreciation the work of Member States, under the leadership of the voluntary Member States, by 12 staff, established at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and to cooperate fully with Member States in their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, the United States of American States proposed that the follow-up to the meeting of 6 March was held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully supports the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
More importantly, we see that we have yet to do so.
This is not, by definition, terrorism?
(a) The replacement of one or more staff members;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and developed in the main instruments that are covered (P) International Law on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
A vote was taken to be made in the hands.
First, attention is focused on the quality and availability of health services.
A account of 283 women (1.3 per cent) on 1443 teachers.
A few reproductive health goals included in the ninth Plan and the second long-term health plan are presented below (table 5).
Consequently, the population has been informed and equipped with the health of women's families in order to encourage the use of health services through information, education and communication programmes (II), with the assistance of the media, women's health workers and health personnel.
All the institutions of the informal sector require tangible guarantees for loans.
The World Summit, Kathmandu, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
All humanity in our history has never been able to address this issue.
Liechtenstein welcomes the development and participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to address trafficking in persons and illicit trafficking in migrants.
In Cambodia, the Government's joint efforts of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including HIV/AIDS, drew attention and have been recognized by the international community of the fact that their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, manufacture, acquisition, transfer, stockpiling, storage and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, in order to justify their opposition to the preparation of a convention on remote sensing, set out that resolution 41/65 is always a useful instrument, since it has been a useful instrument, since it is in two principles that they consider priority:
The rape was used in any impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidation and terror.
There were 10 years ago, violence against women was a totally subject.
States should implement General Assembly resolution 57/179 of the General Assembly on measures to eliminate the crimes of honour against women and the intensification of efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes by using legislative, administrative and programmes.
The Special Rapporteur urges the establishment of a Ombudsman or any other monitoring and discipline mechanism within all peacekeeping operations.
The present chapter provides an overview of the obligations of international human rights law by transnational corporations in respect of the right to food.
This is a clear violation of the right to food, even though the deliberate destruction of schools and health posts in many regions constitutes a clear violation of the rights of education and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (12 December 2003)
If the situation of the Georgian economy has been more improved in recent years, it remains extremely serious concern, with a heavy external debt and a higher unemployment rate at 12 per cent (p.
Accordingly, they were satisfied that Georgia's non-compliance with the required amount under Article 19, and even though not the non-compliance of the commitments made in the three outstanding payment plans are due to the independent circumstances of its determination.
The Global Programme against Money Laundering participated in an assessment of the external financial activities of the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) of 12 to 22 November 2002.
Among the interventions provided for in 2003 and beyond, there is a need for national health capacity and preparation for family life, strategic planning and youth planning and national HIV/AIDS strategy and support for this component and the promotion of assistance to orphans.
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and noted with appreciation of the report of the Working Group on its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This outcome is the result of your skills and effectiveness — the credibility of your diplomatic career, both in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and, here, the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has been able to work over the years to make a wide range of NEPAD through its programme of work using the regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Police of Brunei Darussalam, in close cooperation with other national peacekeeping services, is working with the States of the region where the exchange of information and other transactions may be able to carry out similar conditions.
The negotiations on this international instrument concluded during the seventh session of the Special Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, my delegation had the honour to request that agenda item 108 of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “ Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice”, which was also considered in plenary session, and that only for the draft United Nations convention against corruption, would be adopted by the United Nations signature of the United Nations Convention against Corruption.
Conference on Disarmament
(c) General Assembly resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “E4” United Nations: a reform programme”;
(b) Voluntary contributions administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125]
progressive development of principles and norms of international law on the new international economic order [P.150].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002, and had further addressed general issues concerning the scope of implementation of the Convention (see A/CN.9/527, para.
Paragraph 2
Norway supports all the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
The clarity with respect to which they are under the efforts made by African countries and the support provided by the international community and the United Nations system, allows an easy understanding of the seriousness of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is essential and urgent.
This would also be in accordance with the interests of the majority of Member States, which did not have sufficient resources to consider all United Nations activities in detail.
The first consolidated report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/2) submitted the Commission on Narcotic Drugs of Narcotic Drugs, increased by approximately 20 tons per year at the beginning of the twentieth century in 2000.
Africa provided 24 replies (2.4 per cent) of the Americas (1.9 per cent) in Asia (4.6 per cent), Asia (4.6 per cent), Europe (4.6 per cent), Europe (48 per cent).
Financing of alternative development and eradication programmes for illicit drug production and resource mobilization
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
It is truly a situation where the world is lost. In his report, the Secretary-General explains why, in his opinion, he was left to me.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee of the United Nations Charter and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory takes into account 14 public schools and four public educational institutions.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the explanatory text of chapter 35 (the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries have mainly recourse to strategic plan for poverty reduction (CDP).
The border is therefore already determined by resolution 1507 (2003) of the Security Council, which calls upon the two parties to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The posts allocated to Kosovo Serbs in the municipal municipal structures in Pristina, Pristina, are still vacant, no qualified candidate did not be presented.
The representatives of Kosovo Serbs of five municipalities, namely Kosovo, Leljan and Oicic (in the Pristina region), No. Báo (Brazil), No. Buzane ( subregion) and Zvecan (MONUC), have been denied the difficulties of access to judicial institutions.
14.33 The subprogramme should achieve the objectives and expected accomplishments on the basis that: (a) economic stability at the national level and at the level of decision-making; (b) commitment and determination of Governments to address environmental management issues and to promote the prevention and mitigation of damage caused by the environment, through technical advice and technical assistance;
(iii) Technical equipment: a database and electronic forum on best practices relating to social and environmental responsibility of companies accessible to the Internet (1); information advisory services (including information exchange of information) on persistent organic pollutants, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); database on environmentally sound technology for sustainable construction (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive social and political development programme of the continent, and it is for that it should also be a treaty for a comprehensive perspective.
Human rights and human rights
Recognizing the importance of the role of women in the reconciliation process,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and committed without discrimination;
Recommends that the Economic and Social Council adopt the following draft decision:
Stressing the importance of full implementation of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS “The global crisis”, which the General Assembly adopted by its resolution S-29/2 of 27 June 2001, at its special session devoted to HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/23 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, in a view of improving and effectiveness and to facilitate access to information provided by the Special Rapporteur to fulfil its functions, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their possible mechanisms for the promotion of the human rights of women;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, United Nations bodies, programmes and specialized agencies of the United Nations, as well as international and non-governmental organizations to indicate the measures they have taken to promote and implement, where appropriate, guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights as well as the present resolution, and to submit to the parties concerned, in consultation with the parties concerned, a interim report to the sixty-first session.
Urges States to pay special attention to the promotion and protection of human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account the fact that girls and boys can be exposed to different types of types;
Notes with satisfaction that the General Assembly has affirmed that the adoption of a statement on the rights of indigenous peoples is one of the major objectives of the Decade, and calls for the rapid resumption of the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling General comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee, concerning exceptions to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in the period of emergency,
Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the State of law, including through inter-agency cooperation with international donors in the training of law enforcement authorities, to protect and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take steps to improve access to justice, as well as to implement the reform measures of the prison regime in accordance with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43 of the Convention, which covers the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child of 10 a.m. expressing the hope that this amendment will enable the Committee to effectively fulfil the new tasks related to the two Optional Protocols to the Convention and also hope that the Committee will be able to delay in the delay,
(g) To give greater assistance to any possible investigation, criminal proceedings or extradition proceedings relating to offences referred to in article 3, paragraph 1 of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, concerning the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including the provision of evidence of which they are necessary for the purposes of procedure;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean);
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally submitted amendments (E/CN.4/L.77) proposed to the draft resolution E/CN.4/2002/L.2, which would be inserted before paragraph 1, as follows:
Discrimination in the criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the amendment (E/CN.4/L.103) proposed to draft resolution E/CN.4/L.66, which was the author.
Eritrea and Malaysia joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised the draft resolution.
(a) treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women are more than men, the gap between age, and that the status of older women throughout the world must be a priority,
It was heard that if the reimbursement was calculated on the basis of a standard rate, some Governments would not be fully paid to the expenses caused by their participation in United Nations peacekeeping force.
It was discussions with the Secretariat in order to ensure that, in this regard, it would be useful to provide detailed information on the basis of the simplified approach.
According to the additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had planned 46 aircraft: 22 helicopters and 2410 hours and 24 hours of vol. 24 hours and 39 hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. by Mr. David And President, President of the Governing Council at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chipon announced that, at the request of UNEP, an advisory committee of judges had been established to deepen cooperation between UNEP and judges.
By a note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted Member States and received in writing the following proposals:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures constitute a major obstacle to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Matters relating to the programme:
Replace Ggg
Often, the “the-old Church” are involved in the maintenance of that belief for children.
It is therefore not able to provide details on the fate of the persons concerned or on the location of them.
The Working Group had already clarified 391 cases, including 318 on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 through information provided by the source.
A small number of cases relate to persons who were allegedly arrested by the Syrian army or security services between 1987 and 2000, or abducted by Hizbullah and the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted a new two cases on the basis of new information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our appreciation and thanks to Mr. Khan, Mr. Sol and Ms. Barthststststststststststst meeting.
19.24 The amount of $71,000, reflecting the expenses of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender equality, some other measurable aspects of socio-economic life and on the implementation of information technology;
During this attack, two Palestinians, one-year-old-old boy, Mohammed Abib, have found the death.
Developments in the peace process
However, between the month of July and September 2002, some serious acts of aggression have caused the death of a considerable number of civilian forces, including those of whom were women, women and children whose responsibility in the conflict was far from proof.
A member from Eastern European States;
Noting that, in view of the fact that some Parties have submitted their notifications or not submitted, and that delays in the implementation of the thorough reviews, the assessment of implementation has been hampered,
It may be expected to be expected that their implementation continues to raise problems in the future, because it will be time to amend financial management and to focus efforts on products and achievements rather than on contributions and planning.
It is regrettable that there is no general approach to achieving the goals set out in the Programme of Action, leaving racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance to affect the lives of millions of people throughout the world.
They may be made in writing at any time.
Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee notes with concern that the rights enshrined in the Covenant are not sufficiently protected in relation to a large number of migrant workers in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party requests international assistance for the effective functioning of the Office of the Public Prosecutor.
The Committee also commends the State party's efforts to make the outcome of its exchanges with the United Nations bodies established under international human rights instruments, including through the possible consultation of their reports on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and to bring the concluding observations of the treaty bodies.
With regard to general comment, it was estimated that the emphasis should be placed on equality between men and women.
The individuals and groups should have full access, in any equal access, information from the public or third authorities on water, water supply services and the environment.
The operation of the “A package for a peace soldier” has been able to send peacekeepers in the mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Lebanon at 150,000 software at the time of the end of the year.
Calls upon the parties to intensify efforts to take action to build confidence and to contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Uganda, Uzbekistan, Rwanda, Tonga.
In particular, a set of documents:
A collective approach and a collective spirit have emerged.
We are unable to reach these objectives by facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, by raising awareness of the populations of the dangers posed by mines, destroying mines, through providing assistance to victims, in facilitating their social reintegration and by providing new States to accede to the Convention and p.m.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political necessity of the Ottawa Convention, which is a means of improving the lives of the people of many countries seriously vulnerable to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also presented a synthesis of developments in the role of the Ad Hoc Group of Agriculture and described some adjustments arising from its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) Is the offence of a person who commit or attempted to commit any such acts.
1 bis.
If rape is committed by the author when he has led to a vehicle in the case of drug or drugs, under the effect of drugs or drugs that they have a person or in a situation that affects or reduced its mental, literary or physical capacity, the sentence of imprisonment before it is under the absence of such circumstances.
Each of the cases considered and the arguments heard, the President shall address the requirements for approval by the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) The holding of 14 to 17 May 2003, of the nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee;
Convinced that it is necessary to contribute to effective and coordinated ways to address the challenge of the abduction of anti-personnel mines and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition to the social guarantee for young people who enter the labour market without completed their training.
Boder of social security included in the Spanish system
The beneficiaries of the spouses are eligible for the spouses and separate spouses, or whose marriage has been declared.
For this reason, the facilitation of access to adequate housing is a principle that must be established.
(c) Management and resolution of personal economic assistance to protected housing, and protection measures for rehabilitation;
In these agreements with the central and self-government, they have a concerted effort to achieve the cultural object of the conventions, which is funded in the proportion or amount to the amount provided.
A solution may be given to children, as soon as their young age, educational education and awareness of the gender perspective in order to promote a new culture that promotes joint action against HIV/AIDS and a improvement of the economic and social situation of all.
The rule set out in the Barcelona case depends on the general principles of the law of societies recognized by civil and non-international law.
It shows that the discretion of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule set out in the Barcelona case have led States to use bilateral investment treaties, which allow investors to settle their disputes with the host State before the use of ad hoc arbitration tribunals or the International Centre for the settlement of disputes established by the Convention for the Settlement of Insolvency Matters.
Statement by the Barcelona Authority
The United Kingdom and the United States of America strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when they had taken place to protect their national nationals who were shareholders in which Portugal itself had caused an injury, but the arbitral tribunal had jurisdiction before it the arbitral tribunal had jurisdiction.
A society may therefore not change its nationality for diplomatic protection through its social headquarters, home or the place of which it is controlled.
Ibid., p. 3.
“The Court notes at the outset that the complainants do not have a violation of their rights as a result of their rights as a result of the action by the General Assembly and the vote in the General Assembly and to vote.
Legal mutual legal assistance is given, as well as the relevant laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the State Party required, in investigations, prosecution and judicial proceedings relating to offences such as a moral person may be held in the requesting State Party, in accordance with article [] [the liability of legal persons] of this Convention.
(c) The full or partial payment of the value of such proceeds or assets from their sale to the reduction of multilateral debt of the State Party.
Annex
A technical proposed by Ukraine.
The decisions of the General Assembly should be taken on the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural young people throughout the world, FAO emphasizes that in its programmes, projects and activities, the importance of close family ties and the protection of major family values.
Although the situation of those persons had little changed to the recent conflict, some families who had been able to return to them, resettlement of internally displaced persons remains a major humanitarian concern.
Bearing in mind that cooperation between the United Nations and regional arrangements for human rights continues to facilitate the efforts of the United Nations, and that there are increased opportunities for increased cooperation,
Studies and qualifications
publications
- Aspects of the rights of contingent soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
It was expressed concern about the lack of external factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/F/F.263) sent by Permanent Representative of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a complementary interim report following the report submitted by the Government of Saint Lucia on 8 July 2002 pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In this regard, I should be able to reiterate the capacity of the Secretariat and to make all lessons learned from the success of the expert groups.
It is without saying that my delegation fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Maramataina, which spoke with both the European Union.
As I also represent today's debate on human rights institutions in Kazakhstan, I would like to stress the critical role and encouraging role played by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1975-1965: Studies of the third round of policy science at the University of Sacti-Cudal University
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers without authorization to the Solomon Islands, the Solomon Islands, the Solomon Islands, and the Ashimmad have been returned to Nauru and the Indian Ocean in Papua New Guinea, where they would be located in detention centres pending their asylum applications.
As a result of signs in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we hope to carry out the preparatory process, but also the conference.
As we have repeatedly said, we fully support the regional approach to the issues relating to the Great Lakes region, which is the importance of appropriate preparations for that international conference.
The Committee dealing with the issue of treaties has some little progress, including a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, but various issues of principle have made full progress.
During the past negotiations under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr.org, within a comprehensive set of comprehensive measures, had accepted that the area of the Turkish Cypriot State is in this range.
The concrete results in the area of gender equality does not seem to be reflected in the number of measures taken or political will of the Government of Canada; Ms. Gacadja would like to know whether the Government has new ideas to move forward.
It would be useful to provide more comprehensive information on services that women have access to the financing of women's organizations and policies for women, on individuals and agencies of these efforts and on measures taken in cooperation.
OIOS noted that the centres in the second level must be managed by those who are in the first, where access to the Internet and libraries did not pose a problem.
Ms. Avii (Morocco) said that the Organization was in internal oversight mechanisms that allow them to detect irregularities and recommend solutions.
The important issue is to identify these cross-cutting and avoid duplication.
The issues proposed will be added to the list contained in the report of the Third Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.4.2.4 A.g., p.m. must be classified as unmumable, extremely visible or even in the light of the criteria:
The movement of indigenous young people emphasized the revitalization of indigenous languages.
It does not imply any rule and appears to be determined to comply with its intentions despite international condemnation.
We have also noted that, in violation of the commitment of the international community, the construction of a barrier to an internationally wrongful character, the acquisition of the Palestinian land and preventing the Palestinians to live.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the necessary authority to undertake this essential task.
Emphasizing the importance of education in the promotion of tolerance, which is to accept and respect for diversity, and that education, in particular in school, should contribute to promoting tolerance and elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 requesting the necessary mechanisms to enable its associate members, including small island Non-Self-Governing Territories, to participate, under the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, at the extraordinary sessions of the Assembly that will be devoted to consideration and evaluation of the assessment of the implementation of the United Nations plans of action plans of action by the United Nations.
The interest of a indicator of the guarantee of secured transactions mechanisms is flexible because the public considers that banks do not have business as other.
One of these stages was the establishment of a system of information collection on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization must accept the status of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nassor Peter Abdulnd, President of the Argentine Republic
It is necessary to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system to strengthen the role of our international Organization as a focal point for the efforts of the international community to support countries affected by taking into account the priorities set by the authorities of those States themselves.
The legislative and administrative measures that have been taken to develop national capacity for planning and disaster management planning, including to transfer, military control, responsibility for disaster management.
The first regular session of the UNDP Executive Board and UNFPA for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters in New York, from 20 to 23 January.
He stressed that a total cost recovery was a fundamental need for UNOPS activities.
They asked him to make a brief pension.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and the ceasefire in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would enable the programme to exceed its objectives.
It urges the State party to do not recruit children as soldiers or as well as the same to the armed conflict.
Notes with appreciation the success of the pilot project on the development of an international radio capacity for the United Nations and endorsed the Secretary-General's proposal to establish an integral part of the activities of the Department;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide free access to the electronic dissemination of documents of the United Nations through the United Nations web site, which should be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (A/58/40 (A/58/40).
On a more encouraging note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group, and stressed that this continued continued.
It was noted that there could be many of existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Basel Convention website (www.int).
At its 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on this agenda item on the basis of the draft contained in the relevant meeting, as orally amended.
(a) Develop and monitor concrete activities of the project on priority areas, in particular the production, movement and environmentally sound management of wastes, as well as the active promotion of transfer and use of alternative technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Armenia, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, Cuba, Croatia, Cuba, France, Gabon, Guatemala, India, Ghana, Japan, Japan, Kenya, Malaysia, Malaysia, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, South Africa, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Libyan Arab Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, South America, Saudi Arabia, Congo, Congo, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Congo
The French version of the New Partnership for Public Information was published.
The Conference began in plenary meeting its consideration of agenda item 21 (the option of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, prior to the adoption and adoption of the final text of the draft report.
Noting also the essential role played by the United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and by the sessions of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During its meeting with local NGOs, the attention of the expert was drawn to the need to provide uniform training to police officers and to ensure their training.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on production, consumption and trade in forest products (1); database on forest resources (1); database on assistance to countries in transition (1); day-to-date web site providing documents on meetings, publications and information on activities related to timber (1);
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information on trafficking in children and prostitution involving children from children, among other things, the challenges of children, ministries of the Government, the police, including the central Office for the Suppression of the Trafficking in Persons and the Protection of the Child, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For meetings of governing bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the provisions of the rules of procedure that relate to language services should be strictly respected, except the secretariats; if the secretariats are not able to provide pre-session documents in all languages for independent reasons of their willingness, to submit, in exceptional form, subject to the interpretation or summary records of the languages concerned;
Although the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that it did not use the expression “in official language”, [under October 2000] [under the decision to emphasize that when the General Assembly considered a report entitled “Cuse of the Portuguese language as the language of WIPO” (I/G/26/1).
Such a exercise could be carried out in the context of an inventory of the language of staff, which should make it full part of the periodic data provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or on human resources management.
It is also my view that the translation periods would be added to the normal time frame.
For example, the process of reviewing the review process of the Committee for Development Assistance in Economic Cooperation in order to include trade policies, debt relief and other economic policies, as proposed by the Global Human Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement general study programmes, including on human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention to amend the roles of men and women, in particular to accept the idea that education of children is a social responsibility for mothers and mothers.
In addition, indicators to take into account school enrolment and pregnancy in national fertility surveys have been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that he had expressed its consideration of the third periodic report concerning the law on the time limit of 300 days imposed on the wife or divorce before it.
The Committee recommends that the State party take other measures to ensure that every effort can be able to reconcile family responsibilities and responsibilities and to promote equitable sharing of domestic and family tasks among men and women.
It is concerned that there is no systematic collection of data on violence against women, including domestic violence.
According to the Act on banks (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) To a fine of 500,000, if the person is a moral person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the British and British issued a joint press release for the exchange of correspondence to the United Kingdom's visits to South Georgia and South Georgia, in which they reported:
The facts and history of contracts in relation to the project were presentations to paragraphs 109 to 312.
This amount includes USD 2,50022 for the work and materials that have been delivered on the place of the project and (b) USD 17,92467 under the guarantees that the OGG had left.
The evidence shows that the work of the past (dase 47 and 61) were implemented after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the Panel has made a satisfactory explanation of the departure of its employees, because of which the assets of the projects were left without monitoring.
There was no other payment of the invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Iraqi customs authorities have never suspended the original part of the claim (IISI) of 34.8 per cent that they had violated the award.
In short, the Committee expects these reports and recommendations, whenever possible, and to reduce the cost of translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, with regard to the follow-up of major United Nations conferences and summits, the Council must play a central role in monitoring concrete progress towards the various goals established by those conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which Heads of State and Government has committed themselves to any effort to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol between in force and to begin to implement the reductions of greenhouse gas emissions,
This suggestion was not accepted, but it was hoped that the authors wish to request that a less frequent review should not be given to the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of the Interior and the Territory of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed with the Executive Board to convene a National Committee on Human Rights.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore necessary to provide the Committee with the necessary resources to fulfil its tasks.
There may be no justification for any way that the smuggling of trafficking, which is still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to the promotion of the equitable use of resources of the Ocean and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to the follow-up to the United Nations Millennium Summit, it should be mentioned in the report of the Secretary-General in his report, namely, that the objectives could be achieved if, by 2015, we maintain and increase the momentum of these three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, there is no more important or noble goal that poverty eradication.
A death penalty in suspicious conditions that have not been clarified in the camp of detention, in which the Liberian combatants who have left refuge in Sierra Leone.
The recovery of heavy weapons began in Mazar-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration will only begin at the beginning of January to allow sufficient time to verify the four divisions that are located in the area and the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers to participate in the operation, two times more than in the pilot phases of the Kina and the pilot phases.
However, these means should not be available before the beginning of 2004, at the time when five provincial reconstruction teams in place in north of the country should be deployed under the command of ISAF.
The activities for which the most important core resources should be addressed include:
UNIFEM strategies
Consideration of the 10-year work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on Women, Peace and Security (S/2002/1154); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Experts on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Peace in Capacity-building (UNIFEM)
The Panel finds that these illegal imports of Serbian weapons have significantly increased the power of the Government of Liberia in 2002.
Comments and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations agencies are currently preparing five regional sections to Saclea (comg., Nasa), Vinjama (comadjaza), Gadga-Bu (Pong-Bonge), Mr. Harun (comg), and Zdagin (comer, from which they provide humanitarian assistance to the country.
Charles Taylor was carrying out its control on all sectors of a large, legitimate or illicit trade, Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral agencies
The collapse of Muslim groups would be to improve the economic situation, the opportunities offered by power, social resistance, particularly because of the failure of freedom of freedom and democracy, but also to the action of the law forces, as well as if he appeared to have lost them.
Today, according to the Ministry of Religious Affairs, 11939 in the functioning of the Ministry of Religious Affairs, which is under way for completion and 1409 during the period.
The working papers prepared by major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report to the Commission on Energy at its fifth session;
22.4 The subprogramme must enable the achievement of the objectives and expected accomplishments in the extent that: (a) the ESCWA member States will support efforts to encourage the use of information and communication technologies to improve competitiveness and productivity; (b) adequate infrastructure and information technology to facilitate the establishment of networks and information technology for the creation of networks and sharing of networks;
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
She said that Islam (Morocco) said that Islam was a religion of tolerance; Shari was fully compatible with human rights.
In particular, there was a need to define the actual al-or-to-date, as a result of the problem.
In collaboration with publications of the Law Conference, the United States and the Red Cross College in London, the Islamic Republic of London continued to assess the analysis of the analysis of the analysis of the analysis of the analysis of the analysis of the analysis of the analysis of the analysis of the analysis in the area.
The main challenges to developing development should be linked to the capital master system, at its disposal system of attitude and geostationary orbit, and to its guidance on the basis of guidance, navigation and control, necessary to secure the secure and secure approach to the security approach.
As at least two-day, a Ekom and one-day satellite, have been produced on the geostationary orbit, but the other relevant items have not been listed, which means that their or bolers are unknown.
Item 3.
The Security Council supports the commitment made by the Afghanistan Interim Administration to eliminate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement the decrees prohibiting culture, production and production of opium poppy, including illicit drug trafficking and drug abuse.
The list of these issues was submitted by the author during the UNCTAD meeting held in 2002 in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not inconsistent but rather complementary and interrelated.
• The exceptions to regional security;
The minimum requirements for medical treatment attended by drug abuse
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered the quadrennial reports reached in previous sessions, under agenda item 4 of its agenda.
The secretariat would prepare a draft letter from the working group to circulate to members of the working group.
With regard to the elaboration of the content, emphasis is placed on the design of products and services in languages, materials and as well as the presentations that allow for the dissemination and use of best users and users.
• In order to expand its capacity, the regional information centre will work closely with the resident coordinator offices in countries where there is a need to conclude partnerships with national institutions and organizations, such as associations for United Nations organizations.
The phase 2 has taken place on 4 February 2002, with the entry into of the new web system, which is working with full respect to the sub-regional environmental capacity of the Arctic, which would enable users to choose among the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity on the right and practice governing custody, the duration of that custody and access to a lawyer during the course of the law.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Advisory Committee on Human Rights to function, in accordance with the Principles on the Status of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (“the Paris Principles”), as set out in General Assembly resolution 48/134 of the United Nations.
Information on measures taken by the authorities to continue the perpetrators of trafficking, as well as more precise information on the number of victims and the number of children who benefited from protection, repatriation and reintegration measures, should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements for the biennial support budget are fully consistent with the reporting period.
Ms. Shin wished to commend Mexico for organizing the first World Conference on Women and ratified the Convention and the Optional Protocol.
Equality of men and women is of particular importance in economic and social development.
In that context, UNISPACE III had mainly to:
The Ministry of Justice has received applications for registration of more than 100 parties.
Among the examples of initiatives aimed at strengthening the capacity of LDCs in the implementation of the principles of good governance, it should be noted in particular the financing, by the British Ministry of International Development, a programme of reform of the local administration in the United Republic of Tanzania; the support provided by G-8 in the New Partnership for Africa's Development in Africa, which includes 34 LDCs; the participation of LDCs;
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example, have announced additional debt relief and, in addressing the lack of reservations of the HIPC Fund, some have decided to increase their contribution to the Fund.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his last report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), as well as the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
The relations with Jakarta are standardized; the members of the militias in West Timor appear to be very widely, as well as by all, in this regard.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and commitment of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to stress that as the Secretary-General said to the Secretary-General, lasting stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of the Timorese leadership in the rule of law and continuing efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism was established at the General Assembly Hall to assist speakers in respect of the time limit.
The general debate will be distributed to direct the web-based web-based web site at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity in which the Turkish representative has been one — and I am working here the language of the European Human Rights Code of the European Human Rights Code, the local of Turkey, and nothing.
The European Network of Anti-Ballistic Missile Network also organize, every year, in Italy, the Ciger of the anti-Semitism, a event that cultural and sports event which is meeting the cultural and sports and non-governmental professionals belonging to migrants.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Round round table on “Dent risk of biological weapons”
Article 34
(b) If the spouses are all two staff members of the Secretariat, one of the couple may only benefit to children with respect to the provisions of subparagraph (i) (i) and (ii) above, the other that may be entitled to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) of the provisions of subparagraph (iii) that it is also required;
The review of this issue has led to a discussion of measures to increase transparency in the area of small arms.
Given the importance of the partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, the participants had asked further initiatives of this type and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II of the Staff Statute, the amount of charge for studies and special allowance for studies
Annex III
(ii) Matters relating to records under article 7 of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the outcome of the Middle East Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in 2000;
Deeply concerned about discrimination against girls and violations of their rights, while often they often do not have access to education, adequate food and physical health care, as well as the benefits of rights, opportunities and benefits of children and adolescents, and that they are often subject to various forms of cultural exploitation,
Emphasizing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child must constitute the standard for the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, and recognizing the importance of the Optional Protocols to the Convention, which covers children committed in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing and ratifying the Optional Protocols to the Convention on the Rights of Children in Armed Conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, and to accede to fully;
Convinced that collective action is the view that all nations that are able to do so should contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
This is the management of data and mine action standards.
I have no intention to prejudice the intentions of the high-level group of senior officials on United Nations reform, but my view, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is envisaged in peacekeeping mandates and, where appropriate, be included.
See, in general, C. Practices in Poverty Reduction: An integrated Framework Framework, Eltinid (i.)
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, as soon as possible to the end of the session of the Commission, chapter II of the report of the Committee, which are summarized in section III, section III, which are reflected in the items on which the comments of States would be particularly interesting to the Commission, and the draft articles adopted in first or second reading;
During the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers have committed, under the Charter, to ensure that the territories under their administration reach an appropriate level of autonomy.
The President: If no other delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will take action on draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee shall be held in 2003, within the limits of available resources, at least one time of 10 working days before the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
A results of this meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation and legislation.
See chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now the urgent need for assistance and support of the international community.
Saint Lucia, which President, is preparing a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the competent support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What will be the result of the extreme industries and the emerging industries of the poor?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that in Iraq — the atrocities of yesterday, reconstruction, today — is a historic event — and that the international community must promote this reconstruction and be with us in that time.
Mr. H.E pay tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that, although China did not have signed, that it did not have been prevented from having trade and cooperation with the signatories.
Of the 2500,000 people who have died in the circumstances of war since 1989, at least half would be non-combatants.
(f) To facilitate the free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and property on all the territory of Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In case of a violation of the rights of women in any nature of employment, the person concerned has the right to use the court in accordance with the Civil Procedure Code.
There are a number of non-governmental organizations that address family planning issues.
In spite of these efforts, the Group was disabled in its work by a number of factors, including its low level, the lack of its operational budget, and the division of the country, as well as the harmonization of numerous press bodies on the positions of one or the other camp and by the impression of information infrastructure outside the capital.
Despite this, the Assembly has always been unable to file the prosecution that it does not fulfil its mandate under the Charter of the United Nations.
It is therefore encouraging — taking into account the commitment to the end phase II of the plan of the elimination of weapons before 24 December 2002, as envisaged — that the Plan of Action to conduct the collection of weapons was adopted at the Buka meeting of 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key to progress in the peace process, in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 13
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998, on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone, and its subsequent resolutions on the question, which is the most recent resolution on 20 December 2002,
In this case, a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by an international organization, within its competence and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
The nature of the United Nations Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with donor assistance.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): I wish to thank you, Mr. President, for convening this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that there is a need to act with caution.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing today.
Nepal is ready to help the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo through the United Nations through providing troops and other resources.
The recommendations of the Committee complement the actions undertaken by the intergovernmental bodies and processes, including at high-level conferences and conferences that have been held since the presentation of the last report in 2001, as the World Summit on Sustainable Development held in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development held in Monterrey in March 2002.
As a result of their geographical and economic isolation, they are often in effect that other violence, in particular domestic, domestic and trafficking.
African Division
Six countries have benefited from equal or more than $1 million.
Members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was essential, and that Angola has been able to resolve certain humanitarian problems.
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aent (Papen New Guinea): Mr. President, wish to organize this meeting.
I believe that, from the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly able to develop and strengthen the technical capacity of Bougainville in the extent of its technical and other expertise.
With the support of the Yugoslav People's Army, the Serbian forces have carried out the control of certain parts of the West and Western East and Eastern Eastern East and Eastern East, leading to the conclusion of these territories in a single State, the “Report of the Republika Srpska Federation”.
The fight against desertification is an important element in sustainable development.
Such cooperation enables individuals and enterprises in developing countries and help to attract national and foreign investment for the development and modernization of production capacities, which increases the competitive position of the manufacturing sector in developing countries.
On our part, Jordan rejects all the falseity of the ill-treatment and the number of campaigns aimed at the denial of the Arabs and Muslim by terrorists as terrorists.
There are no doubt that the debate that took place prior to war and have always been controversial, a lack of great difficulty in the allocation of power to the international arena since the cold war.
The suicide attacks on innocent civilians must cease, and the occupation of Arab lands must cease.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly has its rule to the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council are more visible and more relevant to regular people.
Stresses the need to establish a transitional administration in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations and governed by the Organization, in order to ensure stability and create the necessary conditions for sustainable peace and respect for human rights.
With regard to the follow-up to paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future achievements would be further welcomed.
The review process was not intended to be an opportunity for the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that indicators relating to the general policy, which was at the national level or at the international level, were more difficult to define that indicators relating to achieving concrete results such as some types of technical assistance.
In the context of the establishment of new mechanisms, the question of stability should be given sufficient attention.
The evidence of this type identified in the report, which might appear to be a serious and fundamental reality if there was a political context.
It was informed that the representative in question that, regardless of the historical history that he wished to do so, it was necessary to make it possible to show that the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Israelis had not been expelled, with the current political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
H.E. Credentials of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, and admission of observers 29 - 30 7
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, with effect at 1 January 2004:
The assistance provided to developing countries in their multilateral trade negotiations on services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution was recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General shall transmit the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization, in response to Economic and Social Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998, and 53/200 of the General Assembly, dated 15 December 1998.
I also participated in several ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, diplomatic bodies accredited to the United Nations and representatives of industrial associations and non-governmental groups.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions have been carried out with or by natural or legal persons in countries that do not cooperate with the International Financial Action Group (ILO).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights established, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa, in Addis Ababa.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and at the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, social and economic policies, sensitive democratic institutions to the needs of people, gender-based law, anti-corruption measures, gender equality and an enabling environment for sustainable development and are essential to the development of adequate housing;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is due to the progressive reduction of civilian police personnel, which will be reduced from 3 to July 2004 to 2 June 2005.
The sponsors of the report set out that the combination of the evaluation based on a variety of ideas and a multisectoral approach is to be achieved.
Emphasizes that all peacekeeping missions should be treated in the same way, without discrimination, for financial and administrative arrangements;
The members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Sharif (Germany), Chairperson, and Mr. V. V.E. Mr. V. M. V.
insolvency proceedings
I would also like to express our appreciation to the President of the Economic and Social Council for its extremely useful comments on the contribution of the Economic and Social Council to the peace process.
The type 51 is approved and referred to in the drafting group.
Follow-up to the deliberations held at the nineteenth session of the Committee on Programmes and Budget, the Director-General entrusted to the Director-General of the Division for Development of Programme and Technical Cooperation and to develop appropriate performance indicators.
Before doing so, there is a need to be done in other integrated programmes and to adopt this consolidated approach as a model of UNIDO, the framework of indicators is currently being implemented in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions to be adopted by the Council
Annex II
The claim for the sale of articles to be used in Iraq in Iraq.
Although the basis of these books is not ideal, as already mentioned, the elements that have been made to demonstrate that UNIDO has a disproportionate responsibility for the fact that it maintains the entire buildings of the United Nations.
NEPAD promotes the establishment of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The increase in the scope of reservations is clearly clear in the late formulation of a reservation and that is why the restrictions adopted in this last case (such as guideline 2.3.1 should be incorporated in the case of an assessment of the scope of reservations, which reflects the common practice, including the practice of a reservation, particularly in the light of the practice of a reservation.
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposed a definition of objections in taking into account the conceptual and practical considerations of practice.
When they are properly equipped, the risk of oil in the underlying waters is in bum.
Please describe the legislative and/or administrative measures taken to give effect to this travel ban.
The procedures for import and export of weapons are subject to replies to questions 22 and 23 and any other activity that are under such procedures as an offence under the applicable criminal law applicable in this regard.
Agenda for outer space:
Table 1 a list of space systems for sustainable development.
Mr. Zhang Yanan (China) (spoke in Chinese): During 11 years, the United Nations General Assembly adopted every year of resolutions calling for all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and to comply with the principles contained in international legal instruments, in addition to which all laws and measures that affect the sovereignty of other States, which affect the sovereignty of other States, as well as on the legitimate interests of their legitimate entities of the Charter.
There is still no doubt that there is no political opportunity and continues to deny the people of Cuba the most basic rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Unit of the assignment of assets would be called to change with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council on the question of the question of the Economic and Social Council
Once again, at 9.45 a.m. the inspectors met with the Director of the interpreters to which they made questions relating to the activities carried out on these sites, the type of drugs and testing equipment, the business structure of the enterprise and the names of its main officials, and asked whether vaccines had been imported and received during the four years.
A maximum rate of 24 per cent and a floor rate of 001 per cent will be used for the scale of assessments of States Parties for the budget of the Tribunal (see para.
At the twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was decided that the Tribunal should continue to proceed with its current practice with regard to the contributions of staff, pending the adoption of a detailed proposal that the Tribunal should submit to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the above law provides a separate protection for persons who shall be held or participate, provided that the movement is organized in respect of the legality.
Equal access to higher public education allows for high schools who wish to continue their studies to obtain good results at the secondary level.
Outcome, phenomena such as land degradation and the termination of timber and textiles in some communities (forers, rivers and cities) could impede the harmonious development of Montenegro, which means, through the current level of poverty.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with the ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 concerning social security (nn minimum standard), the person who paid at least 20 years are entitled to take the right to use the age of 65 years for men and 60 years for women, after 15 years of contributions.
See table 18 in annex.
The European Union stresses the importance of rapid deployment of force/or international stabilization force.
You met with the problems related to the submission of names and information contained in the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Prohibition of War Crimes and Crimes against humanity of 26 November 1976, must be able to apply, in this case, to apply without any reservation under the Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of 9 December 1948.
We have secured safeguards at the international level in the protection of children, but they remain without results.
This attitude should be re-elected by the Security Council, since it is cocum, and constitutes an act of violation of the ceasefire and the universality agreed.
Concerned about the fate of many Kuwaiti and nationals of third States who have disappeared since 2 August 1990,
(d) hope that the principle of gender equality will be applied.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly
The discussion today's discussion is therefore an absolute need and has just made.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement in explanation of position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
If I hear no objection, I shall now put the vote on the draft resolution.
Under agenda item 117 (b)
The Panel also considered a number of claims relating to industrial or commercial losses that the claimants had due to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
(b) Non-Self-Governing Territory, including the amount of USD 2,959,839,383 of commercial or industrial losses incurred by Kuwaiti companies, whose consideration will be entrusted to the “E4” Committees in accordance with Governing Council decision 123 of the Governing Council.
Stresses the need for further acceptance, for theization and realization of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to formulate the necessary actions and to establish the necessary measures for the implementation of the right to development as fundamental human right;
Human rights situation since the signing of the peace agreements
It is why the next Government must give urgency to the success of police officials, judges, prosecutors and human rights defenders whose dedication and courage are the foundation for reform.
There is still no global definition of universal human rights obligations which reflect the right to education.
The truth on the events of Khodjali
This reference to international organizations has been given the inclusion in article 2, paragraph 1 (i) of the following definition:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, held on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee on Programme and Coordination considered the preliminary agenda and the introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 [A/62/6 (Sect.
In order to examine the new priorities, it was necessary to identify activities.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 16
The elections were held in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly, which had ratified, ratified and declared the Constitution of the Republic of 1983, which currently under the institutional life of the nation.
Action on the next meeting of the Committee on Budget and Finance, including dates and venue.
Improving and modernization of the conference facilities of the United Nations Office at Nairobi in order to host them in good conditions of meetings and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance of the guarantee and compliance of human rights, the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination of the Charter of the United Nations and contained in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “Ment national space debris space debris, the safety of space objects equipped with nuclear energy sources and the problems relating to space debris” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on “Penting the use of nuclear energy sources in outer space” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.265/Add.1).
Space-related space objects: satellite is used for commercial telecommunications and defence purposes.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also urges all Member States that have not yet done so to impose on the financial institutions of implementing such a comprehensive and effective preventive programmes that can promote transparency and prevent the use of funds acquired in an illegal manner;
We strongly appreciate the initiative of the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global assessment mechanism of the marine environment, which is based on a previous resolution of the General Assembly, resolution 57/141, and on the report of the Secretary-General and now resumed in draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest that the establishment by the General Assembly of an inter-agency cooperation and coordination mechanism within the United Nations system to fill the confusion caused by the abolition of the Subcommittee on Oceans and coastal areas.
In ratifying the Convention, we have affirmed our belief in the implementation of the rule of law on oceans of the world.
The results of the project, including specific recommendations on the reduction of biodiversity resulting from mining activities, will be transmitted by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the reduction of the minimum standard salary scale, the Commission noted that the issue of possible changes to the level of contributions of staff to address the imbalances at the level of the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the Secretariat of the United Nations, which had indicated that no modification should be required.
On 20 September, he was arrested on the arbitrary arrest of the members of a humanitarian commission composed of NGOs, central to employment and the Office of the Ombudsman of the People's Republic of Jamaica, who had returned to support the search for the diamond farmers.
The adoption of Act No. 747 of 2002 which, including trafficking in persons a criminal offence.
Human rights and terrorism
Agenda item 7 (i)
This support should enable rural economy to resume and contribute to poverty reduction.
The experience of the United Nations itself has shown that in most cases, the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is a structured and structured basis by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of the conflict resolution.
Furthermore, the implementation of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes must be implemented, in particular small arms and light weapons, to ensure the return of refugees and internally displaced persons in their countries and to promote human rights.
However, I would like to say, at this stage of our debate, make some remarks, and first comment on developments in the time of our Council's work.
It is sufficient to examine some of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations vary significantly from a conflict in another.
Before considering the role of the United Nations to overcome these conflicts, I would like to make a comment on those conflicts themselves.
We strongly believe that to be credible and effective, the Council must benefit the full and full confidence of the international community.
He also emphasized that the Charter should be the foundation for the legitimacy of all international actions.
The Network has shown how various partners of the international community could work to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for the leadership of the Youth Employment Network*
Opening of the session
The preparatory work will indicate that, in connection with paragraph 2 (a) of that article, that a State Party may choose to establish procedures for the purpose of recognizing and to implement a foreign decision of freezing or freeze decision, be based on such a decision to seek the freezing of its own authorities.
Governments have recourse to security legislation to justify certain information on human rights and to exercise retaliation against defenders.
Estimates: Several Parties have provided an estimate of different policies regarding the transport sector (Germany, Austria, Austria, Bulgaria, Bulgaria, the European Community, Estonia, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Italy, Norway, Sweden, the Netherlands, Sweden and Switzerland).
Policies and measures that are more broad than the only struggle against climate change: political policies in the agriculture sector are identified in this category.
Political policies and measures to combat greenhouse gas emissions from irrigation are focused on the decrease of the number of livestock by the reduction of the large numbers of livestock by the reduction of the large population and the increase of cultural practices in an increase in the productivity of the head (Belgium), the reduction of livestock.
The special session of 2003 on the budget of the UNICEF Executive Board will be held on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth network, which includes renewable energy sources, should be established before the end of 2003.
These networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and transboundary levels.
It is true that the words “the real term” or “the Internet”, as if the lower delay of transmission and treatment of information received by any reality that is, or in any case, or in any case of the failure to pay.
All countries that have some economic functions have a common focus on the fact that the function is within the enterprise or is based on several enterprises.
Many measures that have been carried out in the past few years have been impossible without progress in the concepts of concepts and definitions by the OECD Working Group on the indicators for information society.
Finally, the Secretariat should indicate the share of extrabudgetary resources for each of the four bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi) as follows:
In Ghana, the prevalence rate of HIV/AIDS in 3.4 per cent has not declined during the past two years, although it is below the age of other countries of the West African region where the rate is 5 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific on the plan of commitments and expenditure.
In this context, it is willing to remind us that we are committed to establishing in Tunisia, since the change of 7 November 1987, and which have developed priorities, the human rights of human rights, in their various dimensions and in their comprehensive design and design, which includes the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The aspirations of the most small countries of the region have the obligation to pay for high military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of release, the Iraqi Iraqis are beginning with the assistance of their friends and friends, and they look forward to the assistance of the international community, under the auspices of the United Nations.
If the table does not indicate that such a category of sources, it should be used to use a specified factor in a category of similar characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Corrections on paragraph 3 as follows:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect the human rights of all persons with their situation;
Decides to continue its consideration of the item at its sixtieth session under the agenda item entitled “Implementation of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, where it has taken place in the world”.
We also welcome the appointment of Mr. Richard Klein to the functions of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
In this connection, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the economic and social development level, but also political, which would enable it to consider the issue of the final status of the final status.
In particular, the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Kosovo Assembly is a good sign.
Such transfer is important.
In Kosovo, therefore, there is still still much of work.
The maintenance of the Kosovo Protection Unit in this form is likely to destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the structure of the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the proposal made by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by the United Nations under a lease contract for the expiration of which it would be the owner of the construction and ground in which it would be built;
Decides to consider further consideration of the outcome of the conference services and support services to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003, in the light of the review by the Security Council;
A/60/7/Add.10
The companies are increasingly committed to making reports on the effects they can have on society and how they operate.
The text of its statement on the remaining five reports will be submitted to the delegations in a timely manner.
One of the areas of activity that have significantly changed over the past few years is the preparation of documents for the ship.
Section III of the Criminal Code, entitled “On criminal offences against individual freedom”, provides for article 151, which anyone who may deny their liberty by unlawful means of unlawful interference is punishable by a penalty of six months to three years of prison; if the act includes the use of the threat, abuse or torture, or is committed by the spirit of the spirit of the spirit of a violation of article 151.
Various regulations and laws apply to each of the elements of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002), and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003)
Please submit to the Committee, in the extent possible, names of persons or entities associated with bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida or Al-Qaida or Al-Qaida.
The main strategic commitment of South Africa in the Middle East conflict, as clearly shows the presidential seminar for Spain's Peace in Israel's peace in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of South Africa's experience with a wide range of civil society and with the Governments of Israel and the Palestinian Governments; the contribution to the reform process in Palestine and support of international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the UNOMIG military component was completed on 20 April 1996, most of the administrative personnel had to leave the Mission's area, in accordance with the desire expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) The following sources, approximately 60 per cent of the Liberian territory were under the control of rebel rebels;
1013954
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community undertook to share responsibility to reduce the social and environmental vulnerability of the region (the main); to rebuild and build the central principles of transparency and good governance; to consolidate democracy and good governance, to strengthen the decentralization process, with the active participation of civil society; to promote respect for human rights; to promote respect for human rights; and to promote respect for the promotion of human rights.
During the reporting period, the Council considered numerous issues of priority for the maintenance of international peace and security, in Europe, in Asia, in Asia, including the Middle East, Oceania and in Africa.
In the area of security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that fighting in northern, in the south-east of the eastern part of the country was threats.
They requested the expansion of the composition of the Security Council in order to recover its legitimacy, to be more representative of the world of the world's state and to better reflect.
I have the honour to refer to the letter to President Karzai on 30 April 2003 concerning the complaint submitted by the Judge Nididel Patiy, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to obtain an extension of his mandate until it was conducted at the end of the United Kingdom case.
Welcoming the increased attention given to the situation of women and girls and the integration of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences, special sessions and summits, and reaffirming its willingness to support the progress made,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the Chairman of the Commission at its twelfth session will be addressed by the Group of Eastern European States, and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee shall take into account the reasons set out in the general report.
Ms. Larar said that the Committee's concern about the age of marriage for the reunification of families was a need for his mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether special measures, such as provisions relating to the custody of children and separate categories, to encourage women to follow the course of Danish.
During the past two decades, governance has become a concern for the developed countries as well as for those in development, especially those that they face all, in the beginning of the century, the same types of problems, although there are some types of problems: corruption, constitutional crisis, economic, ethnic conflicts, and increasing crime.
Organization of work
Requests the administering Power to work to promote the development of sustainable economic activities and enterprises, in noting the Special Rapporteur's special role in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
Recommendation of the Conference on the Rights of the United States of America
Stresses the importance of streamlining and harmonization of reports by the United Nations system to Member States and urges the relevant institutions and bodies of the United Nations to adopt, in consultation with Member States, simplified and harmonized methods, and to assist developing countries, as appropriate, to develop reports from national and national statistics;
“The Government of India had previously been given to the State of Knataka to leave the order to leave the country with respect to the father of France concerning the father's father.
Technology had a role to play in expanding access to information, in particular the geographic information systems, which, under the form of databases and software tools, could improve access to information for planning, logistics facilities (e.g. and other purposes, allow to understand and identify trends and events in the field of geographic fields and to facilitate public awareness-building efforts.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now have the pleasure to take the words that, I am convinced that, I am convinced, we are now grateful to all: we now conclude our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I have since last December to a number of bilateral consultations, group or open to all, in Geneva and New York.
According to a view, there was a view that there was no threat to public health, it was also committed to the efforts of developing countries, which had been efforts and considerable resources to reduce cannabis cultivation in their territory.
In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Office has initiated several discussions and consultations on legislative reforms relating to the status of women in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 young girls have benefited from this fund.
The first promotion of 11 students should be used by the end of studies in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector are the increase in the life expectancy of all Fiji, the reduction of disparities between social groups, improving access to care and quality of health care, and the guarantee that health services are provided to affordable.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations concerning the remedies of justice, including a draft law that provides that lawyers make accounts to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary steps to promote and expand cooperation and coordination among the secretariats of the two organizations in order to enable them to better achieve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, participants emphasized the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
The educational programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR is working with the staff of various ministries and institutions concerned by the fight against AIDS and lessons learned from the experience of the country.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that his delegation associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department offers that the problem could be resolved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/12 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Restrictions on the encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) Establishment of information among the bodies responsible to respect laws in sensitive areas or border areas; common border control activities and customs control;
This form of integration was emphasized in the commitments made by the participants at the Copenhagen Summit and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme Court of Conduct of the State is responsible for the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of the funds of the State by the central and local government bodies, as well as the economic activities of which the State has more than half of the shares or actions (art.
Having considered also the letter of 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, which is attached,
If necessary, it would also ensure the follow-up to operational, financial and staff on UNOMIG.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Mile”.
Those who have committed and committed these crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nananor Duarte Fos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan reported that it had concluded with 27 bilateral extradition treaties, which included in terrorist acts as defined in terrorist acts, and reported that more than 350 terrorists had been expelled under these treaties.
Such activities are currently being carried out with the Commonwealth secretariat on the drafting of legislative guidance, with the Organization of American States to support the activities of the Agency in Haiti, and with OSCE.
Thematic communications campaigns
A senior staff member of the Department visited Brussels in June to review the preliminary provisions with the relevant officials of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed site for the head.
The meeting offered a useful opportunity to exchange views between the Department of Public Information working at Headquarters and their colleagues from field offices, as well as several invited to manage the transformation of the concept of biotechnology to its achievement.
The official position of the United Nations on issues that are the main references to the Office of the Chief of the press, official statements, briefings and information meetings.
Any person who are located in the area or other reason for the livestock, without the authorization of its owners, or of destination, or in the other hand, is punishable by a penalty of 6 to 18 months of prison.
The vacancy rate for the Professional and higher categories in several sections of the budget (5 and 22) were higher than in the budget, which was due to delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, temporary service and temporary positions (A/55/588, para.
In the context of the Penal Code, it is intended to request a third party to carry out an act, which is not punishable by law.
There are a number of criminal law applicable to terrorist acts and financing (annex 1 to the first report of Switzerland, of 19 December 2001, contains a list of such offences).
On 1 January 2002, the Law aimed at improving the protection of civilians in cases of violence and forced sexual violence, as well as to facilitate the allocation of marital housing in cases of separation (GGot-Tung-chung v.
This is applicable only if the person was provided to the Federal Employment Service prior to receive maternity leave or before beginning to raise children, or in cases where unemployment or unemployment insurance has been paid.
A balanced participation of women and men in the political system has not yet been exhausted.
In addition, addressing the growing number of divorce, women may not exceed the pre-trial pension.
Part II contains a briefing since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this regard, the plan of action of the Federal Government provides for a series of measures to improve the situation of data by re-establishment of criminal statistics of the police and by providing a representative on violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress against Sexual Exploitation of Children in Trade, held in December 2001, it has become clear that there was a greater awareness of the problems posed by sexual exploitation of children and that many measures had been taken.
This decision aims to prevent and combat production, treatment, distribution, distribution and possession of child pornography.
- The offenders — a gender perspective;
6.4 Judicial procedures began with respect to the Al-Government who committed sexual violence abroad
The previous regulations on the right of custody and the right to visit the right to custody of non-citizens.
- Manual for Women's Women's Women's Policy, prepared by the Ministry of State for equality of women and men (S-P);
- obligation to all local authorities and local authorities, as well as for all other legal persons subject to the supervision of the free State of Puerto Rico under the Act, to work for the equal participation of women and men (article 15 of the Anti-Corruption Law Act) on the advancement of women (SösFF) of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of L.
Social assistance
G. Gobbigzidyzonzo-Ozrzrzrzrzid van van van van van van van van van van van Wuu, said that, Mr. Isnng.
The only solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which is more serious, in the past time, is the implementation of the road map developed by the Quartet, as stated in the Quartet Declaration on the occasion of the last meeting in New York.
The question that we consider the fragile situation and the importance of establishing a more comprehensive peace agreement for all the Middle East region.
Article 8 exchange of information and documents
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as at the last two years, the debate would focus on the annual theme of the High Commissioner.
Questions relating to programme, administration and finance
Since 1997 Member of the International Association of prosecutors and continue to continue.
These measures should enable the identification and control of firearms.
Women and girls who are victims of such trafficking are subject to acts of violence and are serious violations of their fundamental rights.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed M. Mohamed M.E.
In addition, as the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular personnel from the study, the logical meaning that staff members of international organizations are not excluded.
Administrative and financial matters 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we do not go to and that we will have the political will to move forward, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 55/2 entitled “ complementary measures to restructuring and revitalization of the United Nations in the economic and social fields”.
We also join previous speakers in thanking the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Implementation and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields” (A/58/359).
The national policy and strategy for combating malaria was launched in 1995.
It is also fundamental to associate local Governments, civil society and the private sector to develop and implement road safety policies.
It could also consider the possibility of implementing the proposals of the Secretary-General, issued in his report on the United Nations Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and to establish an informal working group, a subsidiary body or informal technical mechanism to discuss the peaceful settlement of disputes that could be implemented in the case of conflicts already covered by the attention of the Council or the short time frame.
When the Security Council will be able to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, in order to put an end to wars and to promote peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of peace and security, the international community can no doubt invest in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
This balance, however, must be the primary responsibility to the parties themselves, even if they may appeal to external intervention to assist them in resolving their disputes.
We must, with force, reaffirm our adherence to the rule of law in relations between States and therefore the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of procedural jurisdiction.
(a) To take measures to protect students from violence, corporal punishment or ill-treatment, including sexual violence and intimidation in school institutions, to establish complaints mechanisms that are accessible to children, and to undertake thorough investigations on all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit, prior to 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1329 (2001), including:
In addition, the Council is considering the system for the allocation of responsibilities, which has served as an inter-agency coordination mechanism following the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubko (Croatia), Vice-Chairman, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/57/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem that is closely linked to other global problems that are at the heart of the United Nations mission mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, the same as each party to an armed conflict, is a result of an armed conflict, and the removal of explosive remnants of war in the affected territories.
Welcoming continued cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and other organizations working in the field of competition law and competition policy, and in particular the commitment to the Fourth WTO Ministerial Declaration, in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuuhad Mahmoud Ahmed Abad Mahmoud Ahmed
The deployment of ONUB is being satisfactory, a first group of 26 liaison officers held in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new communication strategy for the World Summit on Information Society will be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The intervention of the United Nations system in East Timor has been particularly interesting and rich experience in lessons learned if the positive results and avoid the shortcomings of the future.
The work began in May 2000 and the document was distributed to the month of November; the general framework had been prepared and approved by UNTAET.
Algeria*, Argentina, Albania*, Argentina*, Argentina*, Australia*, Austria*, Bangladesh*, Belarus*, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina*, Brazil, Bulgaria, Bulgaria, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica*, Denmark*, Denmark*, Denmark*, Czech Republic*, Denmark*, Germany*, Greece*, Greece*, Greece*, Italy*, Japan*, Luxembourg*, Luxembourg*, Malta*, Mexico*, Mexico*, Mexico*, Mexico*, Mexico*, South Africa, Russian Federation*, South Africa*, South Africa*, Mauritius*, Russian Federation, Russian Federation*, Russian Federation*, Russian Federation*, Russian Federation*, Russian Federation, Russian Federation*, Russian Federation*, Russian Federation*, France*, Czech Republic of America*, France*, France*, France*, France*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Hungary*, Mauritius*, Hungary*, Hungary*, Hungary*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Hungary*, Hungary*, Ireland*, France*, France*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Germany*, France*, France*, France*, France*, France*, France*, France*, France*, France*, France*, France*, France*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Czech Republic*, Czech Republic*, Hungary*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Ireland*, Czech Republic*, Czech Republic of Russian Federation, Czech Republic of Russian
In the preamble to this instrument, States parties shall declare “in-kindly to end the suffering and loss of human lives caused by anti-personnel mines that kill or kill hundreds of people of each week, for most innocent civilians and without defence, in particular children, impede the development and economic reconstruction, prevent the repatriation of refugees and internally displaced persons on the Territory, and have other serious consequences for the years after their entry into account”.
Allow me to thank all delegations for having encouraged in my efforts and my consultations.
It was in this context that the close links between air defence systems and small arms systems.
We call upon the coalition forces to achieve this essential goal and to intensify coordination with relevant international bodies and institutions in order to enable the country to return to food.
This initiative called for the establishment of an international fund for the higher education of Iraq in the objective of providing assistance, both immediate and long-term assistance for the recovery of higher education in our country.
We have taken note of the appeal made by the Secretary-General for a re-establishment of our institutions by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this theme will depend on the extent of the objectivity of our approach and the compromise of the proposed measures.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has declined, their role in national strategies of some countries has not been reduced.
I am strongly convinced that for all countries of East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and that we are all of the view that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is not in the interest of no country of East Asia.
Mr. PANVZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that this group was favourable to this idea.
First, there is an analysis of Security Council resolutions, unilateral declarations of nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones that security guarantees are generally accompanied by reservations from nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SRAD (Netherlands): Mr. President, even if the present meeting is already the last meeting of you, I believe that I have the first time that I take the floor since your assumption.
Stresses the importance of developing capacities of indigenous peoples, on the human resources and institutions, to find solutions to their problems;
The Committee shall review and approve the financial statements and reports on the verification of these statements by the Committee to the Budget and Finance Committee, accompanied by the comments of the Committee.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared during the prior consultations of the Council.
(a) Financial provisions.
It is important to emphasize that the current level of aid is insufficient.
In our view, it is important, at this stage, that national mine clearance strategies are established to ensure an effective process of decision-making on short- and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has established the National Office of Lebanon for mine clearance, and has established, with the assistance of the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, the Centre for Coordination of Action in South Lebanon.
We can be achieved through a protocol which is contained in the annex to the Convention and would take into account the security interests of the country while helping to eliminate the former mines, such as new, destroy the lives and property and impede efforts to end desertification, to achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In June 2003, the Trust Fund's contribution to the Fund was only 4.7 billion, while the estimated estimated overall expenditure was approximately 10.5 billion per year to effectively implement prevention, treatment, treatment and support programmes.
Country offices
Under the Financial Regulations of UNDP, UNFPA and UNICEF
When taking into account the items 11 (Strengthening and protection of the rights of the child), 11 (Implementation of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (CEDAW right to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will provide a dialogue between its members and special rapporteurs and representatives that will submit their activities.
The world today has some 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
The conventions establishing the need to respect human rights were essential, but it was also necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Committee endorsed that decision and set out in 2 August 1990 the date of the loss for Palestinian claims of “C”.
Bearing in mind that domestic violence against women requires the rights of the person,
As regards their separate legal structures, the role of specialized agencies in technical cooperation has not been addressed.
This impression has a price, namely a arbitrary and the amount of details.
Why is they committed to technical cooperation?
The latter has taken the initiative to support the coordination of gender issues.
(b) Its resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “Implementation of peace: preventive diplomacy and related matters”, its resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1993 entitled “Implementation of the United Nations Peace”, in particular section IV entitled “United Nations economic problems arising from the implementation of preventive or coercive measures”, and its resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997 entitled “Report of the Agenda for Peace”, in particular in annex II of the annex II of the annex II of the annex II of the annex II of the United Nations Convention”, entitled “United Nations Convention”, in particular paragraph II of 20 September 1993, entitled “United Nations Convention entitled “United Nations sanctions imposed on 20 September 1993 entitled “United Nations Convention entitled “United Nations Convention entitled “Implementation of 20 September 1993 entitled “Implementation of 20 September 1993 entitled “Implementation of 20 September 1993, entitled “United Nations Convention entitled “Implementation of 20 September 1993 entitled “Implementation of 20 September 1993, entitled “United Nations Security Council of 20 September 1993, entitled “United Nations Treaty on 20 September 1993 entitled “United Nations resolution 47/120 of 20 September 1993, entitled “United Nations Security Council entitled “United Nations sanctions imposed on Peace-General entitled “United Nations sanctions imposed on “United Nations Security Council “United Nations Security
The building and development of democracy as well as the approach adopted by the United Nations system on this issue must take into account the fact that there is no single reason for democracy.
In this statement, the Secretary-General affirmed the considerable importance of the culture of peace, and the attention of that universal and not just a whole of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the observance of the International Decade for the Promotion of a Culture of Non-Violence and Peace in the benefit of children of the world, 2001-2010 is more than a historic desire of Member States, a moral and political imperative for our time.
Taking note of the goals set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, as well as in the outcome document of the World Food Summit: five years after which is renewed the commitment to eliminate hunger,
Stressing the need for the establishment of the industrial transformation of commodities in developing countries, in particular African countries and the least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and stabilize their export income, promoting sustainable economic growth and their integration into the world economy,
As a result, I appointed Mr.ker judge to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia as of 4 December 2003, for the remaining duration of the mandate of Mr. David Mary Robinson.
This programme of action remains a milestone for developments in the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations would like to report to the Government of Colombia, paragraph 2 of the resolution of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider the principles that could serve as a framework for the regional agreements on conventional arms control, could allow the Conference to resume a party to resume its activities and to overcome the impasse in the past three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, United States Convention on Human Rights, United States of America
Its effects are well beyond borders and that international cooperation is essential.
The Committee is responsible for the Third Committee, which is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that this programme is well known as and translated into the facts.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to undertake, for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003, the expenditure of a amount not exceeding 12 million that will be funded from the cash balance of the United Nations Special Observer Mission for Iraq and Kuwait;
The Special Rapporteur intends to submit a final report in which it will consider these two issues, so that the first reading would be completed during the same session.
The Commission on Equal Opportunities and the Equal Opportunities Fund have been established to establish cooperation with the private sector for all issues relating to women's employment.
The use of these targeted summaries would be flexible, optional and based on available data.
For the consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note by the secretariat on the exchange of information: establishment of an electronic exchange centre (UNEP/FAO/FAO/RC/INC.10/22).
In this context, future workshops could also consider exchange between limited groups of industrialized countries, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
He also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission supported, including the IMO network, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on national profiles.
Agenda items
Sub-item
The communication may include suggestions on solutions that this Party shall be relevant in the present case;
Sixth instalment claims
Norway urges all countries to agree on a system-wide manner to alleviate and protect the victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to strengthen their efforts on the national plan at the international level.
She said that, on agenda item 11 (a) and (b) said that, on the basis of the principles, his country believed, as the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression (A/CONF.189/Rev.2), that the Internet was a single tool for promoting human rights in promoting human rights, which was recognized by the same practice in practice in the Internet.
The best way to find consensus on guiding principles is to hold consultations with Governments.
Mr. Paul Kusman, School of Public and International Affairs (New York University); Mr. Jagagh, Professor of Economic and Social Council, Professor of Economic and Social Affairs of Burkina Faso, Vice-President of the Central American Society for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean-Secretary-General for the Inter-American Dialogue;
Information on workshops and training courses relating to international terrorism
Furthermore, it is not clear how macroeconomic and structural reforms that are required within the context of the poverty reduction strategies and social conditions.
For this reason, it continues to consider new solutions to increase international cash flows when necessary, by various means, including temporary special allocation of special rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, His Excellency His Excellency Mr. President of Ministers, and the President of the Council, shall be met annually by the Chief of the Government and, in the facts, the Prime Minister.
The government agencies of Bhutan are obliged to recognize that women constitute an important part of the population in which they are designed and must therefore develop, implement and continue to maintain appropriate services to the specific needs of women and men.
This is attributable mainly to the development of primary education and the fact that school institutions are better able to produce their students.
Special multisectoral teams have been responsible to combat the threat of HIV/AIDS.
Many men welcome the largest number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another limited study on women's participation in financial decisions, 27 per cent of women reported that they were not participating in decisions relating to the acquisition of financial loans, while 14 per cent took decisions in joint decisions with their husband.
In the field of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the Secretariat of the United Nations Secretariat has taken initiatives to improve the capacity of the public sectors of a large number of countries, providing advice, to the request, for public service reform.
In paragraph 16 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991) established the responsibility of Iraq for the losses related to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
It is also applicable to claims for loss of funds, which are similar aspects.
See also the decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph 79 of the report, in accordance with paragraph 71 of the report E.03.II); and in paragraph 89 of the report E.03.II.
Report E., para. 97 to 99.
Report of the United Kingdom on the achievement and objectives of resolution 1995 on the Middle East
In accordance with article 8 of the Act on extradition, persons who committed terrorist acts, even if such acts are considered as political crimes, may be treated.
What are our objectives?
The report of the Secretary-General has just recalled that the situation in Iraq is a genuine challenges and that we take all of the challenges and that we take all.
The establishment of a solid civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like to express my delegation's deep appreciation to the Council's mission and to the Council in its full commitment to finding responses to complex issues facing our region.
The Committee also participated in the High-level Committee on Programmes and Other Coordination mechanisms of the United Nations system.
- Support to associations and organizations working to improve the participation of women in decision-making.
The long-month programme, including 5 months of secondary education and 4 months and a half of practice in practice in developing countries.
These groups are young people from 16 to 30 years, women employed in professions, the age of 45 years, the age of 45 years of unemployment since 6 months or more and workers who, at the time of the new contract, were employed in the same business under a contract or determined prior to 31 December 2003, including for training contracts.
The age of 25-29 years is the most important.
However, the improvement of the situation is less marked in women (47, 5 per cent of long-term women's age) as well as among men (55,72 per cent).
Members of Permanent Missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress made through the establishment and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic fact remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, and in the way of the most traditional and non-discriminatory manner throughout the world.
This meeting was the first public meeting of the Security Council in 2003, full challenges that I am convinced that the Council will be ready to meet.
We are committed to all initiatives aimed at ensuring compliance with international agreements in this area.
These areas are often in the areas of non-citizens.
Activities under review
- More than 150 houses or houses (or a total area of 2300,000 square kilometres) were released and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the accounts of the United States dollars in the United States dollars.
(ii) The electronic model for analysis and evaluation of feasibility studies (COM);
Bearing in mind the workplan, the medium-term programming framework and strategic guidance of the Organization on South-South cooperation, as well as the thematic initiatives that this last has taken to include trade facilitation, the exploitation of rural energy for productive purposes and reconstruction,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that rapid developments in the socio-economic situation, individual, cultural and social factors, as well as the supply of illicit drugs have exacerbated the problem of the use of physical substances at the global level,
In view of the sub-item, the Commission decided to continue to take such work as the subject of work that the topic “a” activities and to suspend any formal modification of the title.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the heading “United Nations Commission for International Trade Law”, replace requirements (before recosting): 300 resources required (before recosting)
The Commission requested the Government to indicate whether it envisaged to amend the relevant provisions of the above laws, in order to include the principle referred to in the Convention.
These decisions have been taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, among which the meetings for meetings on economic and senior public officials of Iraqi public institutions, and the initial budgetary proposals were established by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are in effect of the considerable benefits of the Iraqi people.
The percentage of Afghan women employed by UNHCR has been almost zero in early 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme, and 36 per cent of all national personnel working on protection.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of Defence and Security Ministers in September should complete the constitution of the Government of National Reconciliation and Eradicate an important obstacle in the peace process.
However, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution stipulates that the President of the Republic may be able to provide some of its powers to the members of the Government.
In the meantime, we face these threats, a collective responsibility, that the unity of the international community.
We have begun consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the oil-for-food programme, which would provide continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicines in Iraq.
The programme of work continues to be considered by my authorities. We agree on the right to give our views on the programme as soon as the result of this analysis.
If a Party considered that it needs assistance to stop methyl bromide consumption to stabilize the lines, it could be recalled to the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming the responsibility of consensus,
(i) 68 tons in 2004;
All normal operations should be held on locations for that purpose, exclusively authorized staff.
The financing mechanism has been established in accordance with article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to ensure the provision of financial and technical cooperation, in order to enable them to respect the regulatory measures set out in articles 2A to 2 and article 2, paragraph 2, paragraph 1 of article 2 bis in accordance with article 2, paragraph 1 bis in accordance with article 2, paragraph 1 bis.
The law enforcement agencies also participated in training programmes abroad.
Some States said that they were also open to telephone, telephone and translation services.
(3) The part of which seeks to implement an interim measure or protect the court of any limitation, suspension or modification of this measure.
Proposals to improve the text of the square brackets were made, in particular that the court could suspend the implementation procedure until the parties had the opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or to date that all parties have been duly notified.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reaffirming that training activities should be given more visible and more important role in support of the management of international affairs and in the implementation of economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of appropriate information technology, communication and transport should also be supported by technical cooperation and investments required to strengthen the capacity of local service providers, or to create such capacity - may require donor support or financing through international financial institutions.
Accordingly, it is scheduled to be provided to the United Kingdom, where consumer is based on the contract, unless a competent court to know disputes relating to the contract of disputes relating to the contract, unless otherwise decides otherwise to the request of the service provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme has reached a maximum of 2002.
Procedure
It was noted that the calculation was made on the basis of an exchange rate of 0.8 per United States dollar.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, if necessary, at subsequent sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Warda reported on the results of these consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
UNESCO's Law (July 2003)
Three members from Asian States, Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 3/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as an entity responsible for ensuring the functioning of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its “P change” and the Special Climate Change Fund for the achievement of the activities referred to in the context of the effective and effective implementation of the Convention in accordance with article 5 of the Convention,
Welcoming the first progress made in the implementation of the framework for effective and effective action to strengthen the implementation of article 4, paragraph 5 of the Convention, which is contained in annex to decision 3/CP.7,
Financial results, 2002-2003
It also took note with appreciation of the financial and other financial assistance to the Programme by the Government of Austria, the Government of Austria and the city of Grazy, Austria, the Department of Physical Conservation of the Stockholm University of the Stockholm, the Netherlands, the National Office of Public Information and the Swedish International Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, it is considered that a large number of people infected with the virus do not know.
The project has focused on the Steering Committee of the East Timorese and secondary schools.
Recommends that the holding of a joint informal informal debate that could facilitate the work of each Commission; a better use could be made by the debate of the General Assembly in plenary on the issues discussed by the two Committees;
This important work has been possible, among other things, for the maintenance and dedication of the Committee, through its subcommittees and experts.
In cases of dissolution of marriage after the consumption of the woman, the woman has the right to work during the time period, which is not exceeding the amount of compensation, which is not exceeding a year of maintenance, according to the means of maintenance, and that it is paid to the end of the time limit, unless agreed provisions between the two parties regarding the amount of compensation.
The following table shows the evolution of the programme budget for education during the 1990s:
Staff are administered by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which regularly conduct inspections to verify that these institutions comply with the applicable regulations.
The State of Kuwait wishes to recall that its constitution, in many of its provisions, has equal equality of a pillars of the Kuwaiti society, first in the preamble, and then in article 7, which covers various aspects of this principle by linking human dignity, rights and duties.
An effective management will also help improve recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
National Coordinator for the Labour Organization, 1998
Counsel for the preparation of a programme for social justice, Department of Population Studies, University of Trinidad and Tobago, 1999
Each State Party shall notify the Conference of the States Parties, as appropriate, information on its programmes, plans and practices and on its legislative and administrative measures to implement the present Convention.
If the status quo does not accept, freedom and development of those who live hunger and live in despair, the possibility of an integral part of the atmosphere and extremism, as a means of changing change, is becoming more likely.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to appoint Ambassador Bulgaria, Mr. Tzzv, as Chairman of the Annual Conference of States parties to be held in 2003 and the representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland, as Vice-Chairmen.
Statements and reservations
Rapporteur: Ihtiq H. Andrey (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and that they should strengthen universal standards in the field of human rights, as set out in international human rights instruments,
(c) In cases where special debate would be decided, on the theme of human rights and to take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This situation must not be done.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and regular compilation of recommendations during the years by the various thematic mechanisms on thematic issues.
Contribution to the time of resolution 2002/9 and decision 2002/115.
They address the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (i), (ii) and (iii) (iii) and (iii) of the agenda, on the development of short, medium- and long-term proposals for the elimination of racial discrimination against people of African descent, including proposals on a mechanism to monitor and promote all human rights of international institutions, taking into account the need to cooperate closely with the United Nations agencies.
With regard to the centre of the day in Iran, it was a network of technology for the development of human resources for the re-election of land and the development of agriculture.
Finally, Ms. Khan asked the State Party to conduct a national survey on health and to consider the conclusions in the next periodic report.
Accordingly, the duty to protect the responsibility of the world.
- C. C.e.e.e.e.
Some observers have made a possible increase in the United States's demand that the United States control of Iraqi oil.
There is a need for new policy guidance to economic cooperation of the Arab countries through increasing the private sector in development and economic choice.
The Foundation has been able to collect approximately 3.5 million euros that have allowed the work on the site.
At the present time, four resident coordinators are UNICEF staff (the half are women), including a woman in duty stations.
If these conditions are met, the goals and targets approved at the special session will be a great step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Moreover, the financial implications of an additional office in Brussels have not been taken into account by JIU.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has been working on the objectives set by the Organization in 1990 in 1990 to gender.
(a) The nine regional offices should be gradually strengthened by the transfer of technical posts at Headquarters.
At the same time, the member States of the Red Cross are consistently and indeed the principle that the fight against terrorism must be based on the norms and principles of international law and may not be considered to combat any religion, some countries or certain nationalities.
(continued)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “D of consultative status submitted by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.30 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with annex I to General Assembly resolution 51/210, the Council will have before it a note of the Secretary-General on the proposed themes for the high-level segment and the debate devoted to coordination of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit to you the report of the Government of the Republic of Suriname on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The people of Afghanistan expressed the decision to extend its mandate.
The draft resolutions under agenda item reflect this determination and Thailand is proud to be a author.
(g) Use, in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee established pursuant to resolution 661 (1990) before the expiration of the period set out in paragraph 10 below, and taking into account the recommendations made by the Office of the Iraq Programme, the funds deposited in accordance with paragraph 8 (a) and (b) of resolution 986 (2002).
10 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
The expenditure related to the work of the Working Group for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 did not have the impact on the programme.
Subprogramme 6 Promotion of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly decided, on the recommendation of the General Committee, to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and international organizations associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate substantive discussions at the Commission's session, the secretariat prepared a thematic note entitled “Pent of action to strengthen the competitiveness of SMEs” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Presidents of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and the chairpersons of the commissions, under agenda and working groups may exercise the right to vote on the basis of the right to vote by participants;
Under general rule, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees or working groups are private.
The Council marked its concern at the continuous level of regional instability and requested the Secretary-General to make it possible, as soon as possible, recommendations on ways to combat these subregional and cross-border problems, focusing on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also regretted the lack of political contacts between the parties and their intention to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government shall submit to all laws.
It was hoped that it would be able to submit a report on the Commission at a future session, since the document issued in 1991 to the outcome of the World Summit for Children and the final document of the special session of the United Nations General Assembly on Children, which expressly referred to the situation of children living in foreign occupation.
In accordance with the second Millennium Development Goal, the Government has established free and compulsory education for all, which has significantly improved the school rate.
In order to avoid such a incident, it is imperative for States parties to be present at the meeting.
The Council stresses that the United Nations is ready to promote political dialogue if it is in fact that the request, and to provide resolute support to address the humanitarian and development challenges arising from the demarcation of the border.
It may acquire or be used to acquire or acquire property or finance in accordance with the Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting has three days, from 16 to 18 July 2003, to carry out its work.
According to these reports, the situation in the Valley remained calm, without serious incident, throughout the reporting period.
Comments
Quadrennial reports 1997 submitted by the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report submitted pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know what indicators can be better adapted, which will necessarily include different aspects of the right to health, and then through the work of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that imprisonment for a person detained or detained person may be considered to be prohibited by acts prohibited by article 7.
Paragraph 1 of article 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any private person of its liberty under the laws and authority of the State and who is detained in a prison, a hospital, in particular, a hospital, a detention centre or other place.
It is necessary to determine whether a unilateral declaration is a reservation or interpretative declaration and to determine its admissibility and effects.
Thirty-eighth session*
(d) To continue cooperation with the Committee to promote the good implementation of the Convention;
(h) The public awareness of the importance of measures focused on the situation of victims of discrimination based on descent;
There are some traditional and cultural practices that affect the health of women and children.
States parties should also report on measures taken to ensure rapid access to family planning services in particular, and sexual health and reproductive health.
Thus, for example, article emphasizes the importance of respect for parents, the need to consider the rights in their general moral, moral, spiritual, cultural or social framework and the fact that most of children's rights are not imposed outside local communities.
* Corrections in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounts, with the latest meetings, activities and recent outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, adopted by Heads of State and Government at the occasion of the Millennium Summit, by which they pledged to eliminate extreme poverty and in particular to reduce the proportion of the world population whose income is less than a day and that of people suffering from hunger,
In 2001, the Government had limited to six years of work given to foreign workers, to ensure that more than more than ex-combatants are recruited and trained for better jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom continued to advocate for European legislation on human rights, particularly with regard to sexual discrimination.
In accordance with paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/11 of the General Assembly, the Eleventh Congress will be held prior consultations with the object of all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without the right to vote, the deliberations of those bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be entitled “S- strategies and responses: strategic alliances for crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat crime related to information technology;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, it invited Governments of Latin American and Caribbean countries and other interested Governments to participate in the regional meeting of heads of services responsible for the fight against illicit drug trafficking, in order to establish the meeting of the heads of services to the national fight against illicit drug trafficking,
(a) Partnerships are voluntary initiatives taken by Governments and various stakeholders: major groups and institutions, including;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other matters.
Referring to this item, the representative of the Secretariat drew attention to the documentation established in this regard (see annex VII) and indicated the measures that the Committee could take place on the question.
Decides to submit to the Conference of the Parties at its first meeting:
A alternate or adviser may act as the representative of the delegation.
Subject to the provisions of articles 28 to 32 and amendments adopted by the Conference of the Parties, the present rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The President or the Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may benefit from a priority to explain the conclusions of the subsidiary body.
He stated that its organization had supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities related to persistent organic pollutants, among which the project to identify and suggest that the project of identification and accuracy of greenhouse gases in Thailand had undertaken in Thailand, the organization of the Expert Group on the best available technical and best practices and workshops on the good management of industry.
To that end, the Monterrey document reiterates the importance of cooperation.
Some countries not only monitor the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective border controls.
It was noted that the comparative studies had more complex.
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to the office to room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-6776; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org)
A preparatory mission composed of IAEA personnel and the Commission, including the Director-General of IAEA and the Executive Chairman of the Commission, visited Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet their Iraqi counterparts carried out by Mr. H. Al-Sadi, Adviser, to discuss further logistical arrangements and the office of Baghdad.
The web site of the Agenda 21 for sport and the Environment is www.unep.org/cp/dap_off.
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi show that there is opportunities to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to fill the existing gap between aid, long-term reconstruction and development.
The Panel's failure to grant concessions to development issues.
Switzerland attaches primary priority to the preservation of humanitarian space, in all circumstances and without exception.
“The internal and external closures, the increase in the number of closures, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have resulted in a new deterioration of economic indicators and increased poverty and unemployment among Palestinians.
It should be recalled here the responsibility, individual and collective responsibility, parties to the Convention on compliance with its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the prior consent of the Advisory Committee, it is necessary to cover the delayed payment of insurance payments if the insurance period shall be carried out beyond the biennium under which the payment is carried out, given that the Secretary-General will request the Secretary-General in the proposed budget for each biennium for that effect during the duration of the law, in order to cover the duration of the rules of law;
The various international human rights instruments are not sufficient to prevent violations of violations, it must also take strict measures to address the problems of social and human rights which encourage, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement and social inequality among the peoples of the developing countries and the least developed countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following points will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, which will be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti; the financing of the United Nations Observer Force, the United Nations Operation in Haiti;
Indeed, it remains vital that each of our continued participation in the coming years.
Mr. Shim Roma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of control is becoming increasingly important at the regional level, and an effective verification of international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its mines by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to ratified the Treaty, have already expressed individual — and in more than one opportunity — their opposition to nuclear weapons.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on these principles.
Of the amount of $25,000, $25,000 are required for the offer of the United States to appeal.
The implementation of the requirements for reimbursement of expenditures
Head of liaison and liaison protocol
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and resolution 2002/2 of 25 July 2002,
It is important that the origin of funds is lawful or unlawful, only the act of collection and purpose.
The report stated that all Agenda in the Council adopted to respond to the needs of any options for the least one year.
Agenda item E
“We terrorism — to cause an attack or fire or commit any other act that affects people in danger of death, damage to their health, cause considerable material damage or damage to society, in the view of undermining the public order, to spread the population or to influence the adoption of decisions by public authorities or by international organizations or in order to commit such acts.
Women continue to be present in low and low levels.
Draft decision II to suspend consultative status
We therefore encourage States that have not yet done so to submit their statement to the Secretary-General in order to devote the universality of the Court.
Their active participation in their strong commitment and leadership of the diplomatic Committee, explained that the success of the work of the Special Committee.
It is the case for all treaties, the end of negotiations is the true beginning of negotiations.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 94.
Washington, Washington, 11 April 1949,
The draft resolution, entitled “Implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action: partnerships designed to address the special needs of landlocked developing countries and create a new global framework for transit transport cooperation between landlocked and transit developing countries”, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I am pleased to present the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
He welcomed the European Union's decision to create an facilitated support for peace to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the achievement of peace initiatives undertaken by the African Union.
The right to know the truth about events is essential to prevent the same violations.
My Government is strongly committed to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be much more representative to reflect the demographic and political realities and to make credibility.
Technology services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee, on 28 April 2003
We have done so to understand that the success or failure in any area, if important, should not mean the collapse or loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to respond to the questions raised, such as the presentation by all United Nations information centres of an annual plan indicating the activities that it provides for around a separate message.
With regard to planning and implementation of other budgetary changes, we have to review some of our priorities and propose that we propose to return to the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had provided some aspects of negotiations and should contribute to the preparation of its analysis, training and technical cooperation.
These products had a low content of national value added.
The least developed countries were facing a particularly difficult challenge to meet, since the prices of these exports had significantly declined significantly.
Development strategies had been re-establish support for poverty reduction and many donors included technical assistance to trade and investment.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and candidates for accession to the EU (Bulgaria, Estonia, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Poland, Slovakia, Slovakia, Slovenia and Slovenia), as well as the importance of coherence was important and that, under the participation of representatives of representatives of representatives of other institutions and agencies.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (Habitat) assisted the Group of Action to develop partnerships and expand.
In order to strengthen its work and to facilitate contacts with national policymakers, the Ad Hoc Group prepared a database of accessible information on the website, which includes the coordinated follow-up of policymakers and managers in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the issue of promoting multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to allocate available resources, financial and administrative means necessary to the effective functioning of the inter-agency secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts made by the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate and requests to continue:
Document
Election of a representative representative to the Afghan Transitional Authority following free and fair elections in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a guide for women's women is issued regularly, which trafficking in matters such as civil rule, marriage, the right to food, reproductive health problems, sexual and reproductive health, violence against women, access to land and credit, or the right to work.
I give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, H.E. Mr. Nana Nanao-Add.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Combat AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Issues relating to the possibility of the United Nations to carry out the function of oversight under the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the ECOWAS forces and the French forces in the implementation of their mandate in accordance with resolution 1464, to continue to work in close consultation with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to report regularly on all aspects of the implementation of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council, under document S/2003/58.
The Lusaka Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to assist Africans in strengthening their peacekeeping capacity.
Resolution 55/25, annex.
** The document was submitted to the conference services, without the explanatory note by the General Assembly, in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in case of late submission of a report to the conference services services.
The International Trade Law Act, 2000 provides for the elimination of actions payable to the holder and when these actions have already been issued, they have already been issued and their replacement.
These services include the direction and enforcement of financial services to the Bahamas or from the Bahamas, including financial services in line, registration, registration of international trade companies, the provision of international trade companies and offices, the provision of services to international trade companies, the provision of services to international trade companies, the provision of services to international trade companies, the provision of action services to international trade companies, the provision of services for international trade companies.
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements provide for certain persons on a list of national exclusion.
Participation in this workshop was positive.
For example, the Section has provided advice on rules to respect in the case of projects executed by national entities, based on the experience gained by UNDP in this area.
In 17 offices, the control of field offices and non-compliance was not carried out in the rules.
The return of information has also been aware of the importance of planning for regular projects.
In that regard, Governments have been encouraged to request their enforcement officials to use the same way in order to streamline and facilitate the preparation of reports on activities within the time frame.
See CCPR/C/15/Add.54, 78 and 109.
The staffing could be further reduced during the next quarter.
Identical letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991, from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/23306, S/23307, S/23307, S/23307, S/23307, S/23308, S/235 and S-34207)
The information that organizations should be able to verify and will be able to verify, inter alia, the following audited accounting for the five years; judicial difficulties in the past five years; the same identity of other clients.
Affirms also that the Organization is firmly committed to addressing equitable geographical basis, as possible, all bidders, whether procurement or expertise;
Mr. Nggos (United States of America): First, I thank the Assistant Secretary-General for his timely briefing on the status of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Montserrat has been able to respond to an increasing emergency response to the development process.
These funds have provided funding for environmental projects, training and health, as well as programmes in legal and legislative areas.
With regard to the currency of payment, there was a need to inform the transfer of funds of the benefits of the official system by the official security system in relation to other channels of interest for security and the speed of transfers.
• The implementation of equitable and rapid judgement of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of reports with the administration, the Federation met with many difficulties because of the lack of clear principles of human rights and persons with knowledge and expertise necessary to approve projects.
With regard to the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, greater participation of the specialized agencies and the United Nations technical institutions in the functioning of the system is considered by Member States as a positive measure.
As a result of armed conflict and civil unrest in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania remained in recent years of African countries that welcomed the largest refugees on its territory.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary steps to ensure translation, in the Somali language, to the present resolution, including an explanatory note of appropriate information, as well as the wide dissemination of this text in the country through the human rights officer for Somalia.
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for groups in risk, particularly drug users, to reduce the risks of infectious diseases such as the human immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
Annex I to the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting.
debate
It was suggested that the Office of the High Commissioner should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States continue to receive documents under appropriate form.
The addition of the phrase “to support efforts to promote new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was rejected as the Second Committee had not yet reached consensus on the issue.
Some members proposed that the publication or sale of free charge.
The consultations carried out by the Council with the members of the New Partnership and ECA had been well appreciated.
A/60/6 (Sect.
The investigations on the cause of damage may also be long, particularly in the countries where they are responsible for maritime security and/or the courts themselves that have investigation into the investigation and which take a few time to publish their findings.
In the context of the draft amendment of Act No. 1015 entitled “The inclusion of non-discriminatory intellectual property”, it was the right of a good example of the kidnapping of a similar legal basis” (Law on the Prevention and Punishment of Unlawful Acts aimed at undermining capital or assets), it is envisaged to expand the scope of the application of the Convention, even if article 11 (d) of the same legal provisions of the “the “the “the “the “the “in-of-of-of-of-of-of-of-case basis of the Model Law of the Model Law of the Law on the “the “the “the “the “the “the “the “the “the “the other physical trade in accordance with the same legal basis of the Model Law on the Law on the Model Law on the International Criminalation of commercial” or other aquifer” or other relevant international trade in accordance with respect for example of non-case basis of the same type of non-case basis of the case of the same articles of the Law on the Law on the Law on the Model Law on the Law on Crime Prevention of commercial regulation on the same articles on the Law on Criminal Procedure for International Law on
It is important to the Commission's attention.
It is also necessary to reaffirm its conviction of the importance of the participation of civil society, as well as the strategic role of the United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions in which women enjoy their professional and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 26 of the Labour Code, mothers who are receiving three children or more than 16 years, or two children and have more than two children, receive additional leave by a week.
The link between reproductive rights and family law is clear: maternity and parental right is the direct result of the enjoyment of the rights of citizens.
The adoption of new codes of marriage and family, and the work was the most important for the development of legislation.
The activities of the promotion of investment and technology through UNIDO are aimed at promoting substantive partnerships and substantive linkages (such as technology transfer, sub-item (e.g. technology, marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign companies and national enterprises.
In this regard, the programme for a own production has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO's services to increase energy efficiency, with a view to providing training for staff to the CP and PNPP and for identification, development and implementation of technical cooperation projects to submit to the Kyoto Protocol and the GEF.
However, it is ready to provide the Commission any additional information that it could wish to do so.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It is considering the results achieved in the areas of development and organization, in particular the links between assessments, the acquisition of knowledge, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC intends to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on this issue.
Resource requirements (before recosting)
Demands that the armed parties cease hostilities on all the territory of Liberia and honour their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the ceasefire agreement, including for the work of the Joint Inspection Commission established by the ceasefire agreement;
Invites donor countries and beneficiaries to consider, in their bilateral training programmes and projects of armed forces, security forces, prison personnel, police and medical personnel, questions relating to the protection of human rights and prevention of torture, without prejudice to their gender dimension;
The Study Group conducted an initial exchange of views on the basis of the report of the 2002 Study Group (A/57/10, para. 489 and on the thematic summary, prepared by the Secretariat, held by the Sixth Committee at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
The resources of the programme
• Ensure the overall management of decision-making processes and activities of the Office of the Prosecutor under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the rules of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit qualified individuals to be able to provide a variety of diverse and diversified staff and the adjusted staffing opportunities for career opportunities and training opportunities, ensuring effective management of their benefits and rights and to ensure that all staff members are deprived of their personal, psychological and psychological treatment are vulnerable.
• All other equipment and articles are subject to receipt and inspection before their admission to the Court
• Establishment of new modules for the Arctic
Legal Organization to Hague and on the ground
Three interpreters to the French, English, English, Spanish and Russian and four language for Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider adopting appropriate legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of the present Convention and in accordance with the fundamental principles of its internal law, in order to increase transparency in the financing of nominations to a public office and, where appropriate, the financing of political parties.
(a) The public dissemination of information on procurement procedures and markets, including information on procurement appeals and relevant information on the award of markets, sufficient time to determine and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the absence of double crimes to deny assistance in accordance with this article.
(c) Consider special needs of Africa: consolidation of democracy, sustainable peace, poverty eradication and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, developing countries very poor, more than other category, is presented in appendix below; it is shown how the country is working with the assistance of the United Nations system, to involve various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “non-nuclear-weapon States”, the Group of 77 was looking forward to study with its development partners in order to encourage such policies to ensure that they contribute directly to the improvement of living conditions in the African countries, to which the international community should give full support to the goal of a half of poverty reduction in the Millennium Declaration.
Three fundamental aspects of the information and communication technology strategy:
For the time, we need to take the necessary measures to prevent the situation of increasing and to ensure that our President do not do nothing.
(e) Ensure the maintenance and strengthening of political and operational support to the Tribunal by external partners such as Governments and non-State entities;
It should also be given to the time necessary for the hearing (e.g. the time of two to five days, according to the number of accused).
The practice of the pre-trial trial is to determine two cases during the pre-trial periods, for example, as follows: trial A five weeks, five-week trials, A five-week trial, A five weeks, etc.
The members of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (UNITAR) welcomed the study, which they believe that it is a well-being and useful framework for revision, review or identifying policies in force with respect to extrabudgetary activities of the United Nations system.
In accordance with this resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur submitted 10 main reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 reports of work to the General Assembly, which is in addition to 18 addenda to the Commission or the Assembly.
It would also like to know, while recalling the necessary respect for the freedom of the press, to draw attention to the attention of Egypt to the need to combat all religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and that must be prohibited by law.
In accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized an expert seminar to examine the interdependence of democracy and human rights of 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group B
At the same time, in the past 10 years, the institutions, initiatives and European legislation are all in the sense of inclusion, recognizing that the protection of minority rights was an integral part of any democratic developments.
As for Guyana's collective peace and security, it is important to ensure that the new Council of reform can reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is of the highest importance.
We must therefore establish global institutions and create effective partnerships within the framework of just and open trade.
A regional strategy was also developed to facilitate interventions against HIV/AIDS.
Mr. Pohjandmann (India)
(d) Encourages, where the States concerned agree, the adoption of a cross-border perspective for the sustainable development of mountain chains, as well as information exchange in this regard;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration, with a view to implementing chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) Follow-up to the functioning of the global project to support national communications, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and continue to ensure that the implementation of this project is consistent with the guidance of the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The question of publications that part of the programme of work was reviewed.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As requested by the Statistical Commission at its thirty-fourth session, the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit to the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounts.
(a) Coordination of the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of the records of its work;
Thirdly, the activities of the Department of Public Information should be strengthened.
In addition to the volume of information in Russian language on the United Nations web site, the number of people in Russian language.
At the 4th meeting, the President also invited the representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, after considering a proposal by the Chairman, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, covering subparagraphs (a), (b), and (c) for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session.
Notes
There are a great need for the use of women among the most important chemical elements and metals (e.g.g., and lead).
From 1990 to 2002, Poland established its public service.
(h) To cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen may not lose its citizenship, except if they have been expelled.
In accordance with article 41 of article 41 of the deprivation of liberty or incitement to freedom is admissible only according to the principles and modalities of the law.
The question of the bazani and Andbani continues to be a source of tension and an escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Even if the posts in question are frozen, they will continue to include the approved staffing table (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities requiring additional funds to be submitted in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments have been made due to the exchange rate between the United States dollar, currency in which the United Nations accounts are recorded, and the euro, the host country.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget, as presented to the following table;
Takes note of the Fund for Peace: peaceful settlement of territorial disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as the main mechanism, given its most broad regional scope, for the prevention and settlement of territorial disputes and maritime borders, also takes note of the Trust Fund for the Caribbean by the Conference on the delimitation of maritime boundaries in the Caribbean, held in Mexico, from 8 to 6 to 6 to 8 May 2002, to 8 of the Caribbean, in Mexico, which the Caribbean States;
Takes note also of the regional industrial policy of the Pacific Islands Forum approved at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest that financial resources from bilateral donors were increasing, and noted the initiative of the United Nations agencies to improve the coherence of their technical cooperation activities.
Some children that the rebel troops have also abducted or convinced of their supporters have been sent to the death of the ground.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Recognizing the responsibility of the international community to defend human rights and to respect international law,
Mr. Pecenyen, therefore, supported the proposal for the consideration of the item for two years, on the understanding that the vote of the motion does not imply a position for a position or against the two draft resolutions.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Training of officials and public opinion on the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank has been established in December 1955, to contribute to the promotion of economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property referred to in note 11 to the financial statements were the right to the organization at 31 December 2002, in the absence of any burden.
In a memorandum of understanding of 5 February 2003, the Office considered that the “Special clause” remained not valid, in the extent that it was included in the contract at the time of recruitment, without that the staff member had been completed by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide special rapporteurs and the joint mission to the full implementation of their mandate;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in political speech from the 1980s to the Bank, indigenous people are able to return to the implementation and respect for these policies, which are often often interpreted as a man's meaning.
B. B-37
Almost all countries have a chemical sector, but almost 80 per cent of the global production is the fact that the vast majority of the OECD members are members of OECD.
Resolution
In that regard, it was reported that, in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council had clearly clarified that the claim for political reasons should not be considered as possible for the rejection of requests for extradition of alleged terrorists.
The outcomes of the technical meetings and seminars held at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) To provide comments on the future guidance of the Partnership and the programme of this last year for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to transmit the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2009/L.3/Add.1 to the Conference of the Parties for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the establishment of this post;
The increase in resources for other than the posts of the posts (11080 per cent, or 5.6 per cent) is mainly due to the increase in subsidies and contributions (d) to cover the costs of services provided by the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Central Support Services Office in Geneva, which is set out in accordance with paragraph 9 above.
It is the need for services “to multiple forms” for which the definition of definition and expression are also important than for most of the environment.
In the design, they responded to a specific intention and are aimed at environmental purposes, for example, a recycling station remains a well-being station if the technology used are deeply amended.
With respect to intellectual property rights, it could be applied in article 66 and article 67 of the Agreement on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, which affect trade, which affect the trade of intellectual property.
Several recommendations submitted to the meeting were discussed at the national level:
The increase in expenditure and expenditure under this heading is due to the revision of the adjustment rates approved by 1 November 2002, to the new salary scales for Professional and higher categories and for staff members (two categories of which are governed by the 100 series and 300 staff) of the Staff Rules) from 1 January 2003, to approval of the cost-sharing requirements for higher staff costs.
(a) A new subparagraph (a) as follows:
Summary of methods used to identify major sources of the main sources of information on the level of detail in detail of the IPCC document 7.A3 to 7.A3 of the IPCC good practices
The Parties included in Annex I should meet all the items related to the estimates of the amounts or removals, the data and emission factors.
Italy is one of the most seriously affected by the population.
For example, the subject is concerned about the primary obligations of the State and requires that the existence and conciliation of “ legitimate interests and factors”.
It has also been necessary to do not impede judicial action for other reasons.
Another cause of action in common law is the rule of the public mandate, which is a greater application to the United States.
I.
We fully support the efforts to streamline the activities of the General Assembly and are ready to assist other delegations, as well as our utmost to assume the heavy burden of meetings.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the beginning of the 1990s in which important steps to revitalize the General Assembly and which is based on the draft resolution just adopted.
The procedures vary because the needs are not throughout the same.
These charges have been accompanied by pressure to accept amendments or amendments to the rights of indigenous peoples recognized in international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries in transition, to take part of the World Trade Organization, in mind paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/182 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who have exercised their functions during the period of nine years, the annual pension is:
Commission on Social Development
Four individual claims that have been found that they could be divided into four “E4” claims have made new or more important losses, in the light of those declared by the claimant “E4” claims.
Number: E-2449
Fifty-fifth session Agenda item 5 (c)
Several representatives of Governments stated that to attract direct investment, these institutions must increase their support for the development of the necessary infrastructure, including in the telecommunications sector.
The globalization of development is also the elimination of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and increased resources, as well as the increase in participation of those countries in decision-making in international forums.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary cessation of the border was opened between the imposition of the defence in Kosovo and Stzimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for the only local residents.
The free movement of minorities was also hampered by the decision of the Government of the Serbian Government of Serbia not to sign an agreement on the use of Kosovo registration of Kosovo and by their appeals to deter Kosovo Serbs by UNMIK for registration of their vehicle.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation.
The documents of the United Nations are composed of capital letters and figures.
sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to learn from the web site at the global level and at the ECLAC regional levels on the follow-up to United Nations conferences and summits, which will be launched at the same time, in June 2003, at the end of the fourth regional technical coordination meeting of the United Nations.
The oil prices have already been a “war war” of approximately US$ US$ in the past month of 2002 and exceeded 31 January 2003.
They should be able to conduct an initial structural adjustment by accession to UEM in order to close the levels of reference for budgetary deficits, given their position to apply in that context a excessive fiscal process, which would have negative consequences for economic growth.
A.g. A.g. A.
Under article 5 of the Internal Self-Government Act, the power to conduct foreign policy is a constitutional authority of the Government of Denmark and no part of that authority may be transferred to the Non-Self-Governing Territories.
For example, substantial financial assistance is provided for for the costs of exploitation of ethnic minorities, intercultural activities and information documents, as well as various types of local integration projects.
The Social Charter of the Community of 1989 provides for the right to use collective action in cases of conflict of interest, in particular the right to strike, subject to the obligation to respect national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days during each quarter.
The high proportion of people in the population is primarily responsible for the relatively high mortality rate and has negative implications for life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative played an important role in advocacy and facilitated campaigns that have led to new instruments and standards for the protection of children, as indicated below:
These organizations have played an important role in the development and implementation of the programme.
• Cooperation between the European Union: the EU-EU partnership Agreement signed in Cotonou, Ghana, in 2000, took into account the various elements proposed by the Special Representative at the Executive Board of March 1999.
The presence of the United Nations, where it is still considered as a symbol and a guarantee of universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, drew a broad hearing, including in non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136 to 141, 144 to 146, 146 and 150
It also continued its efforts to raise awareness of women's rights in all its activities and mechanisms for the protection of human rights, including by the adoption in 2002 of a gender-based gender perspective.
I have the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established commissions or investigation teams.
Recommendations on travel grants
In accordance with the provisions applicable to consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, as approved in its resolution 1996/13, the organizations in consultative status should submit all the four years a report on their activities, including with regard to support the work of the United Nations.
In accordance with the recommendations made by the Advisory Committee in its report (see A/C.5/57/SR.20) had undertaken in 2002 a series of activities in 2002 a series of activities which are set out in the context of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects aimed at streamlining its activities, to better target and make it more effective.
As a focal point for women's issues were appointed in each Ministry and the Ministry of Women's Status to strengthen their capacity to implement national gender policy.
Recalling its resolution 57/134 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs represented a component of the economy's economy, and often the major development companies in developing countries were in fact that small enterprises were at the global level.
In the area of statistics, data collection should be encouraged to encourage data collection, as well as on the assessment of social implications and impact on the development of liberalization.
Assistance was particularly important for African countries in parallel negotiations with the European Union to conclude economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of technical testing for this day
In order to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take appropriate and appropriate measures to strengthen legislation and institutional capacity in this area.
Action by countries
Rule
The Australian citizenship certificate is not a identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular nuclear-weapon States, to actively work in the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular on a common approach that could be included in a common international instrument that could be included in a legally binding instrument;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate to subprogramme 3 ( progressive development and codification of international law) of programme 5 of the medium-term medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005 and (b) sections 8 ( Legal affairs) and 2 (General affairs and conference services) of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
Representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) participated in the session.
Question 7.
In order to distinguish between the two types of cloning is not intended to try to abandon the fact that human life is created for the destruction of a human life in order to produce a human life in order to be used in order to produce a human life.
There is no discussion, and it seems that the differences of views continue, no opinion must be imposed on all other things.
The development of transport infrastructure and information technology infrastructure, including the elimination of the “nactation”, would improve transit transport and would allow landlocked countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. Ar Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month for having submitted the annual report of the Council covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Substantiveization of the United Nations system-wide action plan to combat drug abuse (GDP)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Persons with Disabilities (A/C.3/58/L.6/Rev.1, para.
Expresses grave concern at the tragic situation of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent the displacement of population and provide assistance and protection of internally displaced persons, recalled in that regard the Guiding Principles on internally displaced persons, and urges the international community, under the leadership of the relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national projects and programmes aimed at alleviating the vulnerability of those displaced persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must provide benefits to all.
Recently, in February 2003, two primary surveillance stations, the Lat-Bu-Bu-Bu (CD08) and Shuia, was formally released by the provisional Technical Secretariat; the construction of a clean-up facility (NN16) at Yökrkh.
He also welcomed the establishment of a general monitoring and transparency post that has characterized the recent appointments to leadership positions.
Also at the 61th meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally revised the draft resolution under which paragraph 6 (g) would be read as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of a growing globalization, the measures taken by a Government may often have an impact on the right to food for the food of another country (for example, in the context of trade in agricultural products).
In accordance with article 507, members of the groups referred to in article 4, which cooperate with the judicial authorities to identify criminal or update their criminal intentions will benefit from one-on.
At the long-term legal framework, a flexible and effective legal framework for security rights could be a useful instrument to accelerate economic growth.
Decision of the Special Committee on 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We particularly welcome the efforts of you to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of those Territories, which are in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I invite you to consider the Committee as a friend, willing to work with you and to you, for the realization of the rights that are not true.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first United Nations Development Cooperation Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, facilitate the development of an integrated national development plan, which will establish procedures for national development priorities on 10 years, mainly on health, education, tourism and economic development;
As part of the Ministry, a State Secretariat was responsible for the promotion of women and women's participation in development, which reflects the Government's willingness to pay specific attention to the issues of women: the Congo, all the heads of State participating in the meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia would like to express its appreciation to the group of Chadadi and other countries for the efforts of LDCs in the area of access to market access, which appeared to create a competitive advantage and encourage investment in the sectors covered by the programme.
However, it is expected that the Organization thus concluded that a year on a positive cash balance, currently under the regular budget, which would be favourable to the estimates.
B.g.
Maintenance of agenda
We have provided food, high-quality, cover, medicines and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, particularly floods, are also contributing to the deterioration of the ecosystems and the availability of resources in the East Asia subregion.
As part of their daily activities, women are the main protection of forests and it is therefore necessary for the future productivity of forests.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation between developing countries, should not be forgotten.
The Government of Slovenia has established an inter-agency working group to implement restrictive measures and follow-up to counter-terrorism activities.
At the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on Children in Armed Conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- Financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otiti (Uganda) said that his delegation had been included as a result of a technical error.
(b) A copy of the memorandum and articles of the association of society;
Subject to other priorities and available resources, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo intends to advance this process during the past few months.
Fifty-eighth session
According to a view, the basic criterion for a balance between the interests of suppliers and creditors of secured creditors was the notion of “the term of normal affairs”.
The Working Group of the medium-term plan and programme budget will be seized annually on a comprehensive programme of technical cooperation.
The problem of rice was crucial, and the difficulties of African producers should be considered to be a point of view that the socio-economic development.
The Programme of Action launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to reverse the increase in HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia to achieve the objectives contained in the Declaration of Commitment through a large-scale national technical, financial, financial and tribal support and collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that it is before all parents, who are best equipped to do so, the duty to guide children, to raise awareness in a healthy environment, to promote the sense of authority, integrity, responsibility, civilism, freedom and service to others, to contribute to strengthening the families, communities and nations throughout the world;
Most Muslim countries in the Middle East, in the South-East Asia, South-East Asia and in some parts of Africa.
27 October 2003, Baghdad
However, in cases where sanctions imposed remain in force for a long period of time, as in the case of the sanctions regime against Al-Qaida and the Taliban, universal rules relating to the preparation of reports cannot be effective.
The Government of East Timorese is currently considering projects to improve the capacity of the East Timorese police in the two areas, in addition to its capacity to address civilians.
In addition, the Government is considering ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police to address the threats of criminal and armed groups in the area of cross-border coordination.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to express their appreciation to the work of this new team and to communicate to the Office of Outer Space Affairs of the focal points that they choose to that effect.
The Criminal Law Act provides for a certain extent to the behaviour referred to in this article, but the penalties required to be clear.
Indeed, as in urban areas, female illiteracy in the area of poverty with extreme poverty and the work in micro-pocers, with dependence and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of African countries partners have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to countries of Africa.
The Group is currently preparing seven persons.
The members of the Committee considered the issue without agreement on the causes of the problem or how to address them.
They supported the military activities of the United States on their territory, because they did not forget their own history; they had expressed experience with regard to the vulnerability and appreciated the security and protection of the United States.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Trade in Guam, October 2001, <www.int.gov.gov.gov.int/c.
Implementation of the safeguards of the International Atomic Energy Agency in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammed A. Al-mail Ambassador Permanent Representative of the Arab Group
With regard to financing, the improvement of the situation in 2002-2003 in respect of income and expenditure and the implementation of the revised statistical policy also provided good opportunities for the financial and budget of UNICEF.
General Assembly
The summary table IV shows the changes proposed for the number of posts funded under the budget support budget for each of each of the core elements of each fund.
The summary table V provides a comparison between the total number of posts of each administrative unit for the biennium and for the future biennium.
Table 7 Distribution of heavy costs and new investment, 2004-2005
It contains the progress made by the Central American countries on the path of peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since the issuance of my last report (A/574 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit in Cuko (Peru). The 19 members of the Group adopted the Cöco-Rapporteur, strategic action to overcome poverty and social exclusion and dealing with the themes of democratic governance, cultural identity and external relations as well as the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The enormous reconstruction efforts in the region continue to continue with the assistance of the international community.
Groups and mechanisms
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 17 to 19, 25 and 27 September; 3, 11, 14, 15, 14, 15, 23, 25 and 28 October; 6, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 14, 7, 9, 14, 9, 14, 9, 14, 9, 14, 14, 14, 14, 23, 23, 29, 23, 27 and 31 January; 12 and 24 to 27 February; 4
UNMOVIC has also been working with many Governments in the area of export control, in particular with regard to finding concrete solutions to issues such as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for an appropriate balance between the objectives of non-proliferation and legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, these information is based on the recent study of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on the preparation of the budget for the United Nations agencies.
On 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are fully enshrined in renewable energy sources.
The non-proliferation and peaceful uses of land can be seen as transparency and mutual confidence.
In this regard, the experience of developed democracies is very valuable.
If we have the opportunity for these persons, I take this opportunity to say before the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the most sincere condolences of the Congolese people to their families.
We can speak when these attacks will be more place, because they are the entire nation.
The Government has identified some 300,000 persons in organizations considered as terrorists because of their actions.
I wish you full success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the appointment of operational entities that have been accredited and designated under the Council.
This is only through their determination and dedication, with the assistance of the secretariat, to carry out the serious and difficult tasks entrusted to them.
The review of the review of the implementation of the review of the United Nations in the implementation of the Kyoto Protocol, which is 41 to the United Nations Development Board and the Non-Self-Governing Territories
Statistics, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002, and in April 2002, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties pursuant to article 19 of the Convention.
I would now like to reiterate the names of the two Asian States that wish to submit a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Progress in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was also the interest of developed countries that developing countries to establish a sound and equitable multilateral trading system.
The international agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to regulate, including in economic, social, environmental, environmental and administrative fields, and the issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy were of the greatest importance for the economy of member countries.
FDI could play a fundamental role in economic growth and development of host countries.
States
In addition, his delegation supported all the suggestions of the Special Rapporteur, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted that the sector, which was beyond the control of the State and any tax systems, had made considerable place in the economy of many developing countries.
E.E. HUMAN RIGHTS COUNCIL Sub-Commission on the Elimination of All Forms of Slavery
The joint programme would enable Member States to monitor the prospects and risks of a global society and would serve to implement the fundamental proposals made by the Secretary-General on Science and Technology at the Millennium Summit (June 2000), the Declaration of 8 July 2000 and the Bamako Declaration of the Group of 77 of the Group of 77 for the Promotion and Technology in South (South 2002).
It should be clarified in detail how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international cooperation for development will focus on the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus.
As a result of new chains, the present guide and, although the other stations did not follow up their time, a normalization of the pre-trial process remained possible.
They took note of the convening of 16 to 20 September 2002 in Geneva of the Fourth Meeting of States parties to the Convention.
They strongly supported unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures that some Governments had adopted to reduce their military expenditures, thereby contributing to strengthening regional and international peace and security.
Vocational training and employment creation must enable cities to build the potential of young people.
Composition
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
14 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an introductory statement.
Even if the region of the Middle East is a particularly sensitive area of the various challenges always and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that the international community is a priority for the achievement of that goal, within the framework of the United Nations, in order to bring a decisive step towards the establishment of peace in that region.
It should also be noted that there is a better understanding that the solution of the composition of the office of the office will facilitate the strengthening of the agreement concerning the interpretation of the rules of the Bureau of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme, on Friday, 17 October 2003 from 1.15 to 2.30 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003, addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
Under the sanctions regime [para. 4 (b) established by resolution 1267 (1999) and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002), Member States shall be obliged to freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets of persons or entities, including funds from persons belonging to those persons or entities, directly or indirectly, directly or indirectly, by their respective mandates or authority, or to ensure that they are directly or indirectly, to ensure that their respective nationals or indirectly.
All federal law enforcement agencies have contributed to this action by providing basic training courses in all areas of financial crime.
Act for the detection and suppression of financial offences (in financial offences)
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is entitled, under article 7 of the Law on companies, to exercise control the objectives, funding sources and expenditure of non-profit organizations.
Members of the mission emphasized that they were not able to act as an Ombudsman, nor to engage in peace talks in Liberia, but they reported to all the parties that they were essential: full respect for the complete ceasefire; a comprehensive political settlement for the appointment of free and fair elections; and the immediate respect for international humanitarian law;
(d) Report of the Working Group on the medium-term plan and the programme budget for its fortieth session (1-13 January 2003).
The liability regime was not applied in general and the provisions of various conventions on responsibility and relations between them were difficult to understand.
The Advisory Board of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following issues at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission relating to the transfer of marine technology; (2) the establishment of a internal procedure for the effective implementation of article 19, paragraph 9 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, on the basis of the proposed criteria and guidelines of the International Telecommunication Commission;
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
Following this conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the heart of the concerns of the international community in development.
He hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States will follow the same framework for review, and that the General Assembly will request the Secretary-General to submit an annual report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
After a civil war, Burundi's national economy, Burundi cannot carry out this programme of self-government and external support to combat poverty without support from the international community.
This has a negative effect on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to communicate to the Secretary-General, at time for the General Assembly to engage in the General Assembly at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways and means of strengthening the participation of the standardized reporting system, including changes to the content and structure;
The challenge to decide at the outset whether the debtor should be subject to liquidation rather than that reorganization has led some countries to review their insolvency law and to replace separate procedures by a “acist procedure”.
Many people were able to send their children, especially girls, in school, taking into account the potentially dangerous situations.
We attach high priority to our collaboration with our WHO and other partners to encourage the full opportunity to protect the health of children.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of the Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532) and A/CN.9/532) as well as the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and its efforts to achieve the conclusion of bilateral agreements with Member States under article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the authorities of the following countries: Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Ecuador, Guatemala, Equatorial Guinea, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Italy, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Pakistan, Tunisia, Turkey and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge will provide on its financial and personal interests and will make every possible effort to be informed on the financial interests of the members of his family.
Member States reported that some difficulties encountered in the implementation of the Plan of Action for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Basic Principles of Drug Reduction.
(c) Strengthen technical support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms; strengthening human capacity; identify new technologies and applications; and encourage international cooperation to support research in the areas of concern;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile, as well as observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of FIS ( Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In its introductory statement, Mr. Kim Hak-Sak-up to the first substantive stage of the process of the process in 2006 to the organization of a final international conference on chemicals management.
Action
I would like to say that, within the United Nations, has been ready for me to have an excellent experience.
We appreciate the determination and belief with which you are seeking the positions of your country in extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
Activities
A technical cooperation project for the University of Buenos Aires is under way and should be completed in 2003.
A self-assessment of the procedures relating to the more effective debt service, and that there are inconsistencies in the claims of creditors.
It is a more small country with a low population, but 2.2.1 million people are threatened by hunger.
I have not yet to understand why it is difficult to accept that statement.
Article 2.8 of the Secretary-General may submit additional proposals for the programme budget for each time.
Article 4.5 It is established a contingency fund for peacekeeping operations as a result of cash facilitated by the United Nations to respond quickly during the start-up phase of new peacekeeping operations or the expansion of existing and emergency operations.
These agreements include the services of the Organization to provide full reimbursement of expenses.
C. Ex gratia payments
(e) Recognizes that it is preferable to the interest of the United Nations to provide property or transfer to a costly price at another intergovernmental organization, a government or another non-profit organization.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after-depth investigation, authorize the amount of loss of cash, goods and other assets, on the basis that it should be submitted to the Board of Auditors, in the same time as the accounts, a statement of all amounts and losses.
(a) Programme and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take action on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally amended?
If:
The nature of confidence-building measures, therefore, should be defined and agreed upon on the basis of volunteerism, at the same time considered by States taking the process.
Otherwise, developing countries will be more marginalized.
In Kisangani, she met with the families of the victims of the killing of May 2002 and victims of sexual violations; he also visited prison, and the fuly.
The cost of the medium-term solution to the cost of building facilities is estimated at 98.51.
The special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of working groups on the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as the chairpersons of the bodies established under human rights instruments that recognize the struggle against terrorism as a pretext to threaten the pretext of preventing human rights defenders and to take vulnerable groups to the gap between their vulnerability and socio-economic circumstances.
Why is so?
My fifth proposal is a general nature: it is to act on the source of these two scourges.
To achieve a lasting settlement of these conflicts, it is essential that peoples and Governments of transition from those States are able to obtain accounts and implement justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which invites regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and the region in full implementation of the arms embargo, the fundamental component of the national reconciliation process in Somalia.
In truth, the League of Arab States has played the role that it was expected to respond to the deterioration of the political and security situation in the region, as well as Palestine, Iraq or regional security security.
It also sought to ensure that the inspectors, when they return to Iraq, can work and freedom of movement — which has been recognized in Security Council resolution 2758 (2002).
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/57/L.27 and A/C.1/63/L.65
Calls upon the United Nations system to integrate a gender perspective into all their programmes and policies, including in a coherent follow-up to United Nations conferences, in accordance with the agreed conclusions 1997/2 on gender mainstreaming, the Economic and Social Council adopted at its substantive session of 1997, and welcomes the decision taken by the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session;
It is true that a large number of countries covered by the HIPC Initiative did not implement the IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kelák (Czech Republic)
The main counsel that Mr. Manic may give the Commission to the Commission is not able to leave this issue.
Strengthening of the United Nations human rights action by promoting international cooperation and importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that through efforts and increased implementation, a reasonable compromise will be reached on the question of Security Council reform in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reaffirm once again that the People's Republic and the Democratic People's Republic of Korea has fully fulfilled its obligations in accordance with the provisions of the Final Agreement between the People's Republic of Korea and the United States, until its withdrawal of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopted the concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections may be submitted in a period of seven days after the receipt of the record or the closure of the session, if it is later later than the date.
Welcoming the reorganization of the offices of the Committee and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation welcomed the perspective of working with them on issues such as space education and disaster mitigation.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of annual meetings with the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit on Sustainable Development for the more effective and coherent implementation of the three objectives of the Convention and the provision of a significant slowdown in the current pace of the loss of biodiversity, which will require action at all levels, including the implementation of national action plans and action plans for the preservation of biodiversity and the transfer of additional financial resources,
This budget should be adjusted to take into account the charges and resources resulting from the unification of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/34);
It was deleted;
(g) In operative paragraph 4, the two of the word “the” has been in one and the other words replaced by the word “M” and the phrase “the-level sentence” was replaced by the Secretary-General to intensify its efforts” was replaced by the member of the Secretary-General and the heads of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.6/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned about the problems that remain,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations made by the Committee on Programme and Coordination, as contained in section C.4 of section III of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of Central Asian countries on trafficking in small arms and light weapons in which a debate was devoted to ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
3-6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, submitted in accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999, and the reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997,
It is important that the Congress take advantage of its initial refusal to support national reparation and to provide financing and institutional stability by adopting the programme.
[Original and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Summary of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.6/Rev.1
Article 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed simply because they were Kosovo and to send all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must be done and that there is no chance of reconciliation, nor to achieve the multi-ethnic society provided by Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and that we call on all of our wishes.
The United Kingdom supports reform and the establishment of the Kosovo Protection Unit, an organization to address emergency situations.
For that reason, the responsibility of Israel to put an end to these violations of Lebanese airspace and to prevent them from tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as well as those contained below.
In that connection, there will be no tolerance against those who call for intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence.
The Committee agreed that the two organizations should continue to work.
At its resumed session of 2001, the Committee had before it special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint submitted by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He pointed out that his only concern was to ensure that such NGOs did not have its status with the Council in carrying out its activities in a way that would cause the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (the 25th to the 50th) were held.
However, the analysis of areas, costs and benefits such as they were extremely complex.
Angola welcomed the seventh Conference on Trade and Finance in Africa in May 2003.
If so, please describe the measures taken.
They also have an analysis of the right to know whether such information, in which it is produced and may have access to them.
The criteria set out in the European Model Convention are the following: (i) new; (ii) activity in de facto; (iii) industrial implementation.
2 (b) (d) of the European Agreement on road map of 13 December 1973 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Their interpreters or members of the company, the main producers and radio stations of 26 October 1961.
(h) Provide approval of the implementation plan;
For example, the rural population has increased in the North and South-East regions (or 49.8 per cent to 50 per cent and 49.1 per cent in 49.3 per cent, respectively), while she decreased in the following regions: 9.8 per cent in 49.4 per cent, the South-East Asia (or 49.2 per cent), the North-West (from 49 to 49.7 per cent).
Women and men have equal rights in relation to citizenship.
The various family planning methods were not well known before 1989 and couples had the most often use of natural methods and condoms.
The introduction of the allowance reflects the increase in the price of school supplies, food, clothing and other strict products of the need for children, and is aimed at preventing the birth of school, a phenomenon that has taken place in recent years to decrease the financial resources of families with children.
The lack of development activities in the most volatile areas of the country has not been without consequences.
More than 40 countries have benefited from the joint United Nations Development Group programme, with subsidies provided by donors to finance or improve common services provided to 24 country teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions — in particular the Bretton Woods institutions — are focused on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and on the Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper.
A representative that a motion may, in his statement, address the merits of the issue in discussion.
(e) To provide that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation has designated the Commission to serve as the coordination centre for discussion on specific partnerships to promote sustainable development, and reaffirm that partnerships, as well as voluntary initiatives taken by stakeholders, contribute to the implementation of commitments at the intergovernmental level within the framework of Agenda 21, the Programme on the Further Implementation of Agenda 21, and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
U.S.E. United States dollars
We look forward to your proposal.
For example, the proposal to impose an immediate moratorium on commercial business activities in Liberia has been made on the merits of past experiences and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
According to the model, the model was found in the extent that it was less than the two other than the current system, would be able to be used by several organizations.
Conditions of employment for Professional and higher categories
As a result, the requirements of mobility and hardship are still the same.
(e) Study on the United Nations Civil Service and the Federal Administration of the United States.
He then noted that each of the borrowing was under Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Follow-up to and evaluation of progress towards sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/27, the Commission on Human Rights emphasized the importance of improving the response made by the international community to violence by strengthening national prevention efforts and through international cooperation.
If almost 50 business leaders were present at its official launch, before the end of 2003, the World Compact has become a very developed international network with more than 1,000 companies worldwide, several international trade unions and tens of non-governmental organizations, as well as academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by the State party's accounts are reported.
• Accounts (D) and credit (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the anti-personnel landmines has led to an atmosphere of dialogue and close cooperation between Governments, international organizations and NGOs.
The situation in Somalia
Agenda item 11
The working group has been aware of the importance of the summary of the report.
Following these deliberations, members of the Committee, on the basis of the provisions of the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on the work of its fortieth session (1989) that the General Assembly approved in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, had reached the following agreement, which will serve as a basis for the election of members of the Bureau of the opening of the Bureau of the forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue among States, indigenous peoples and other speakers on the concept of indigenous peoples in the context of the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III theme: “Indigenous children and youth”
(d) National Forum for Development, United Nations Development Fund, United Nations Fund, United Nations Fund, United Nations Development Fund, United Nations Fund, United Nations Population Fund, United Nations Population Fund, United Nations Development Fund, United Nations Development Fund, United Nations Population Fund, United Nations Development Fund, South Africa, United Nations Population Fund, United Nations Development Fund, United Nations International Fund for Human Rights, United Nations Development Fund, United Nations
Most Governments are aware of the growing threat posed by the continued illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and provided measures to mitigate this threat.
These success have required long-term investment in economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The Civil Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations spoke with the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
Statement submitted by the State party to the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 contains updated information on the financial situation of the Institute and the Civil Police Support Group in 30 June 2002.
Mr. M. M. M. M.
Substantive session of 2003
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Anti-Personnel Mines and Other Arrangements, as amended, on 3 May 1996 ( Protocol II, as amended on 3 May 1996, annexed to the Convention on the Prohibition or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
It requests that they be defined in order to facilitate the follow-up and evaluation of the results and that the results-oriented timetable should be established.
However, the Advisory Committee is not convinced that there is no three additional posts for military expertise.
Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continue cooperation with indigenous non-governmental organizations, taking note of their marginalization and strengthening their capacity to take into account the issues of concern at the national and international levels;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1386 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo would not apply to the clothing of protection, including those who are pre-school and military cases, authorized by military personnel to Somalia, for their use by United Nations personnel, humanitarian personnel, development assistance and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the OIC Research Centre on history, article and the Islamic culture (ICRC) in order to preserve the cultural heritage and identity of Islamic States of Non-Aligned States.
The impact of the information society on economic and socio-economic development, and urged industrial States to develop a programme of work for developing States to benefit from communication technologies to fill the digital divide and decided to actively participate in the World Summit on Information and Coordination.
ILO has any form of repression against refugees, including armed attacks against refugee camps, and pressure on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, in particular, to strengthen Islamic solidarity among member States and to consolidate their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific, scientific and scientific and scientific fields;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to achieve consensus around its programme of work, including the establishment of subsidiary negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, the prevention of the arms race in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and effective international measures to protect non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to begin its substantive work on the prevention of the arms race in outer space.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening security of non-nuclear-weapon States
Resolution No. 7/30-E on external debt of African States and other OIC member States
Expressing its appreciation for the convening of 14 to 16 September 2002 in Istanbul, a workshop on the investment of the private sector and the role of IDB in member States in collaboration with the relevant institutions of the OIC and also thanked the Republic of Turkey for his briefing.
Notes with appreciation of the draft resolutions contained in the report of the private sector.
Calls upon Member States that have technical infrastructure for the conservation and restoration of the religion, to grant scholarships to staff members of the Institute, to increase their expertise in this area.
Recalling further resolution No. 49/60 of the United Nations Declaration on Principles to Combat International Terrorism;
With regard to the entire West African region, I hope that, I hope, will receive sustained attention from the Council and other United Nations agencies following our mission and to our report, the subregional problems are enormous and we listed in our report.
As stated in the report, the United Nations Security Council and the action of the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be crucial to avoid a possible conflict, if necessary measures are not taken.
These negotiations may present a number of high-risk staff, as they require high-quality and experienced staff and have increased risk of forced or corrupt practices.
In the letter of support, UNCITRAL requested “the comments on specific provisions in order to facilitate the preparation of an analytical commentary to the Commission”.
Therefore, economic and political efforts and the implementation of all relevant United Nations resolutions that call upon the withdrawal of Israeli forces from all the occupied territories and called on the right of the Palestinian people to an independent and economically independent State.
After the adoption of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) of Jordan, the Minister of Finance, in its note No. 12/3/167 of 3 April 2003, provided to the customs authorities of persons and entities contained in the consolidated list and called upon to prohibit the customs of imported goods or exported by those persons or entities, in its note No. 12/37.
Invites States to review and reform, as appropriate, legislation and practices in order to bring to 18 years the minimum age of marriage, with or without the consent of parents, both for boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit to the Special Rapporteur all data collected from all relevant information sources, including a compilation of studies and publications on the implications of terrorism and the impact of combating terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session the following draft resolution:
In addition, the Committee did not have objection to that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the Relief Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 are complemented by a amount of $10,000 (see A/58/214, para.
Each system is adapted to the ICT environment and the organizational procedures.
Participants and beneficiaries will be the first step to improve services.
Group of 77 (Agenda item))
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Composition
Education is an important instrument for social change, since it allows each of them to acquire new values and amend its relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights recognizes the principle of the prohibition of discrimination and affirmed that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, that each may enjoy all the rights and freedoms set forth in the Declaration, without distinction, and that the individual has the duties to the community in which the free and full development of its personality is possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to state that local staff must fulfil its obligations under the national service and a number of people working in UNMEE have been arrested.
The Committee will encourage those who provide assistance to focus, in the context of expanded capacity-building programmes, on capacity-building, capacity-building; to give greater priority to training and to ensure that programmes are implemented in timely and focused on results.
12.16 This subprogramme is under responsibility for the Investment Division, Development and Technology Division.
(vii) Commission on Trade and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they were high in 217,965, including advances made by several Member States on their contributions for the third year.
Comments
(g) Consider, expulsion or repatriation of persons to a country or place where their lives is in danger and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers from a country where their lives is in danger;
There is a growing tendency to give priority to peace at the expense of justice, which can understand in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises during a peace process, but which has led to the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear no objection, I shall take this suggestion.
The General Assembly must conduct the election of 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded the present stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
It regrets, however, that it remains countries that have not yet adopted in some regions where the proliferation of ballistic missiles remains an urgent problem.
In view of the opening of new facilities for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration and increase the workload of the Section, a net increase in 38 posts.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, the Turkish delegation supported a broad scope of implementation.
As indicated in the previous instalment, the Panel considered the claims of the second part of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after having assessed the evidence and other evidence of evidence, by establishing the interests of the claimants who had suffered a war zone and those of Iraq, which is not responsible for the alleged loss and damage caused by its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Nevertheless, in order to address this problem, our State takes into account the future assistance of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, educational institutions and religious and political statements of the Palestinian Authority to prevent hatred, the biger and provide a moral personality, as well as a whole, the massacres, the massacres.
If we would like to refer to the timetable, each will have the opportunity to intervene before the Council.
Israel has an end to the occupation of our territory, which has continued to send settlers, that it continues to violate our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 3/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess the progress made on the clean development mechanism and to take appropriate measures, the Committee recommends that the Conference of the Parties consider incorporating in its decision on the guidelines to the Executive Board and paragraph below.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections were suspended, but the Government of the Pinoder attempted to improve the delivery of local services that led to a number of reforms, including in the area of income sharing.
In accordance with resolution 2002/21 of the Sub-Commission, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had considered the main themes of its work, in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004: “Indigenous issues relating to indigenous issues”; in 2005: “Women's traditional knowledge of indigenous and international”;
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting a grant to indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter IX
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and continued development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
The General Assembly resolution 57/65 of the General Assembly on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason for which it has not been mentioned in the programme of programme.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2.2 To obtain a document related to an act of terrorism, in the light of the existence of this link between the age of imprisonment.
In real terms, children's expenditure increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples on New Caledonia,
Accordingly, there is no place to speak on the right of peoples to combat their self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): Participation of civil society, in general, and non-governmental organizations, in particular, is mandatory under the process arising out of the Convention.
The contributions made to the sessions of the United Nations Conference on Contributions to development activities of November 2000 for the year 2001 and November 2002 for the year 2003.
In 16 January 2003, the total of additional voluntary contributions, which are available for the twenty-second session of the Council, was only at 551.1 (see table 1 above).
(d) If the action is intended for the termination or termination of the contract of an employee and whether, the head of State, the Head of Government or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the State or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the employer, the risk of interference with the interests of the State;
This session will be held at the Congress of the People's People's Congress, the International Congress.
That process is recognized and designated as a forum for transition or knowledge, or not, any development, which promotes the acquisition of knowledge, a human potential potential, enables them to better develop and guide to social life, economic and political life.
Nicaragua informed its intention to leave UNHCR for the reasons of staff and professional reasons and I have acceded to her claim, not without regret.
The Committee suggests that all ages of age groups be included by the Friends of the Presidency.
Emphasizing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts made by the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work of the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also emphasized the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
As a result of non-permanent seats in the regions
Amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete subparagraph.
The representative of any regional or regional organization should indicate in writing to the President of the Security Council that it wishes to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 the Secretary-General should also consider how it would be possible to better provide guidance for the implementation of such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee requests the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies adopted to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of legislative provisions relating to equality between men and women, including in the field of representation of women at the various levels of the Government and the public service.
Calls upon the Secretary-General to continue to take steps to ensure the security of all personnel involved in the Force under the auspices of the United Nations;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 532 of the General Assembly1)
Basic economic laws are subject to consideration, including investment laws and registration of enterprises and a draft law.
It is encouraging to note that there was no progress during the recent period of 2002 to the end of 2002 and at the beginning of this year.
The fourth point of view is the fact that the Government of East Timorese has managed to generate 44.1 million income, including $2.7 million for income from the sea during the year.
The latter should not address the responsibility of the carrier.
Statements and additional contributions for the development of the draft instrument
(d) Encourage, in general, activities to strengthen the independence of the judiciary and the Bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be made:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and increased with the years.
One of the fact that it would have been implemented before the primary entry of the university, in the purpose, seemed to create a climate of terror after a few cases before students.
The international community should address the growing trend in the use of excessive force;
We would also like to reiterate that, in connection with the controversial issue of the General Assembly in order to draw on the issue of the sub-item, and the sulal of solar, which have been destroyed by Iraq, which has been destroyed by concrete technical discussions that took place with Mr. Salim and Mr. Egeland.
Efforts were made in the past in the form of proposed texts in the hope of us to break the political impasse.
We expect to increase the number of customs and procurement experts for the monitoring of imports in Iraq.
Let us support for peace, as we can make sure if we are willing to achieve, by proof of a determination and political will without constant political will.
I wish to express our appreciation to the confidence and full support of France in their mission.
However, Spain is aware that peace and security are guaranteed by respect and the implementation of Security Council resolutions and that it will reach a time when the lack of political attitude, due to a new will of cooperation on the part of the Iraqi regime, the Council will be obliged to assume its responsibilities on behalf of international peace and security.
In this connection, the efforts of the international community and the Security Council to the Baghdad regime remains the main factor to ensure the cooperation of Iraq with the inspectors, and is also the main condition for finding a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) To be consistent with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
The entities involved in financial statements;
As indicated, Egypt has signed or ratified all conventions with the exception of the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which is a positive attitude towards combating terrorism.
In addition, as it is impossible to create confidence in the next day, we must remain in order to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7 Number of letters relating to rights
Civil Service
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two open centres in Ethiopia have always been a large public and a third should soon be able to open this time.
In some cases, for example, in the water sector, the number of transnational corporations capable of addressing the world is very limited.
In the context of these principles, the Government of Croatia has undertaken a range of social and economic reforms to encourage the growth of employment and well-being, such as the effective implementation of its National Strategy for the Eradication of Poverty and the fight against social exclusion and the creation of social partnerships that will give priority to human resources and to promote human resources and education and the central role of social developments.
On Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism was established at the General Assembly Hall to assist speakers in respect of the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Persons with International Protection, including diplomatic agents.
Accession: Belize (24 September 20031)
Ratification: El Salvador (12 September 2003)
With regard to the full enjoyment of their rights, the international community should widely support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account historical, cultural and development differences between countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be guided by all international standards and rules on disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also those arising from the resolutions of the United Nations bodies and agencies.
The African Union stated that African populations should endeavour to eliminate social barriers and to promote the principle of positive discrimination for disabled persons.
In order to ensure that the divisions of the secretariat have sufficient resources, the amount of 13 per cent of the budgets of the projects under the administrative costs should be allocated to the division of administration.
The damage to the provision of medicines, materials and spare parts for equipment — especially those that are intended to emergency services, medicines and metals and other services for adults — have made that conditions in which medical personnel provided to medical care are extremely difficult.
This policy has a sense?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/11 of the General Assembly in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and in accordance with the provisions of its constitution on respect of international law.
[Original: English] [7 June 2003]
The employment rate has been slow and the unemployment rate remained at a reasonable level (.3 per cent in 2002).
[Original: English/ Spanish] [21 May 2003]
The limited access to energy sources and the high cost of fuel and supplies resulting from serious impact on urban transport, increasing the cost of production and damage to the effective functioning of social and urban activities.
Composition
The claimant's transfer of transfers that has a account in the bank and would like to transfer a higher amount to $100,000 from the United States or the equivalent of the equivalent in another currency.
Article 35 of the Rules provides that:
For example, as proposed by the Secretary-General, the establishment of a multi-stakeholder panel study of debt restructuring mechanisms, which would be possible to address the discussions and conclusions of intergovernmental decision-making bodies.
