There is therefore a great deal of concern when laws to combat terrorism give law enforcement agencies and intelligence agencies exceptional monitoring and investigation powers without reference to justice.
Ms. Borzi Cornacchia (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur saw her future work programme and whether she planned to include missions.
First, there is a need to increase the Government's representation, particularly in security institutions, and to intensify efforts to achieve national unity and reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including warlords and the Taliban — benefit from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse that trend contrary to the most fundamental principles of international humanitarian law, and raises critical issues that urgently need to be addressed.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure wide dissemination of its concluding observations at all levels of society, including among State officials and members of the judiciary, and to inform the State party in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement those observations.
If additional funds were made available for programmes in Africa, the resources for the region in the programme budget would increase, as suggested by the high assumption.
Adoption of the report on credentials
6 See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, in the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, one P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the Web Section to strengthen the language capacity of the website.
Organizational chart
A new gender analysis guide will emerge in 2003.
Statistics (see responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) seem to show that the impact has been on reducing women's access to unemployment benefits.
In that context, emphasis should be placed on the specific needs of the least developed countries, since their participation in global trade remains marginal and, thus far, none of them has become a member of the World Trade Organization.
Special Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq affects our Governments.
There is, as in Iraq, a priority commitment.
As a result of that situation, my country believes that the draft resolution is an effective means of reinforcing pressure on Iraq to comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
It is thus attempting to disrupt things.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, acting on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Development and transfer of technology” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The proposed legislative reforms, among others, require the provision of technical assistance, including for the acquisition of equipment necessary to enhance security at ports of entry and to train staff, particularly in the area of detecting false travel documents.
Noting the efforts made by the Governments of some Territories to meet the highest standards of financial supervision,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
In considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/114 containing the guidelines for the implementation by the Sub-Commission of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other decisions and practices relating to them.
The assessment of the level of girls' education in the Horn of Africa and in East Africa has helped to find the causes of the problem, which have already been identified elsewhere: the magnitude of household tasks and the financial sacrifice of girls' education to the family are the main social factors that prevent them from receiving equal education with boys; thus the lack of textbooks.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly begins as we respond to the Secretary-General's call for reflection on the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, it seems that there are still a number of actions to be taken to ensure that future generations feel positively.
In this period of economic hardship, the Government spent more than $5 million last year on services designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
OPINION No.
The initial judgement was rendered in favour of the applicants, but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently reversed that judgement.
The Government claims that these persons were arrested for conspiracy with enemy forces to overthrow the legal Government.
Mr. Yawowi Agboyibo, a lawyer, former parliamentarian, Chairman of the Action Committee for Renewal (CAR), a political party, was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to six months and imprisoned in Lomé civil prison, despite his appeal.
The Working Group, having rendered that opinion, requests the Government to adopt the necessary measures to remedy the situation, in accordance with the standards and principles set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
First and foremost, the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves should be addressed through appropriate formulas and appropriate time frames for their respective decolonization processes.
The resolution of this outstanding issue will only enhance confidence.
These historic initiatives help to better identify the needs and aspirations of peoples under colonial rule by giving them the necessary radiation in a highly competitive globalized economy.
Only the United Nations has a legitimate mandate under its Charter and has the legal and political authority and international legitimacy to meet the greatest challenges to international peace and security.
Therefore, the United Nations must not only continue its work in Iraq but also expand and provide more vigorous support to the Iraqi people.
UNAIDS is currently funding a HIV/AIDS adviser post at the headquarters of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, which coordinates the overall strategy and initiatives to facilitate work in missions.
Pursuant to article 5, paragraph 3, of its organic statute, the organization, on the proposal of its coordinator and in consultation with the Executive Council, proceeded to de facto exclusion from Ms. Bonavita, independently from its status in the organization, for violating the procedural rules of the Council, disrupting the work of the Commission on Human Rights and failed to respect the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement, under article 3, exercises its activities through:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the Law on the National Human Rights Commission of Mongolia.
If, in the view of some members of the Working Group, that provision should not necessarily be included in the insolvency law and could be left to the common law, it was observed that it was closely related to recommendation 70 and, for reasons of clarity and legal security, should be included in the insolvency law.
After discussion, there was support for the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also a party to numerous international anti-corruption treaties, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against the Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Related Crimes, and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of providing the United Nations system with a management school was a feeling that there had been a need to improve the coherence and effectiveness of the international civil service.
(c) Whether or not it is desirable, taking into account the nature of the activity, to grant exclusive rights to subcontractors;
In one case as in the other, the position of the market leader cannot be considered automatically acquired.
Yet, the portfolio of United Nations business activities includes high-value-added products, with few equivalents in the world.
Financial regulations and rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/ Financial Rules/Rev.2/Amend.2), 12 February 1980.
In 2002, the executive board reviewed the structure and composition of the secretariat, which had proved to be insufficient.
While not part of the Group's sessional documentation, the three documents may not be prepared in time for the session, they will be available on the UNCTAD web site, like all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessional periods 45 20
The three options are not mutually exclusive.
However, when they are present, the Republic of Haiti is compelled to act.
This system has proved its effectiveness in its most visible part, namely, the electronic presentation of exhibits in the so-called fair.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also called into question the principle of default by the Rome Statute as to what organ of the Court or the Council was entitled to first consider individual criminal matters relating to officials or personnel present or coming from a State not party to the Rome Statute in respect of acts or omissions that occurred during a United Nations or authorized operation.
It is also the reasoning followed by the Secretary-General before the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
It is for example, that the International Criminal Court, of which 90 States are parties to date, has become a reality, taking into account the election this year of its 18 judges and its Prosecutor and the upcoming appointment of its Registrar.
Although the Eldoret Declaration had been signed by all factions involved in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, most of those factions continued to combat and import or receive weapons.
The first arms and ammunition recipient from the Government of Ethiopia who was identified was Ali Mahdi.
According to British Customs officials in Nairobi and London, heroin is smuggled into Somalia by vessels from South Asia to be transported to Africa and West.
Singapore
The political turbulence that marked its first year in power completely devastated the country in terms of equipment.
The legislation in force in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and establish an effective protection system so that United Nations and associated personnel can carry out their security missions.
Although it had begun its work less than two years previously, it had already achieved tangible results.
The Friends of the fish consider that fisheries subsidies adversely affect the environment and cause the depletion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
In particular, it served as a framework for the development of common language for United Nations staff on the prevention of armed conflict through interaction and exchange of experience.
The consulting actuary was also tasked to propose alternative approaches for funding future accrued liabilities for after-service health insurance.
The management service contracts between UNDP and various donors have all been implemented by UNOPS.
Table 7
Table 8 summarizes the accounts of the reserve for offices away from Headquarters.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of the 16 defendants for the husband's culture were women.
The church is probably the most influential institution in Samoa's society.
In practice, the police laid the condition for a female police officer to be present when a victim of domestic violence or sexual abuse is involved.
The Overseas Financial Centre is headed by a Legal Officer and its staff include another Legal Officer.
Adolescent pregnancy continues to be a special feature in rural areas, and concerted efforts are usually made to marry the girl as soon as possible, as the situation does not recur, which would result in a punishment of the family involved by the village council, usually the girl.
NGO - non-governmental organization
Every effort should be spared to revive that process without delay, while at all times preserving the standard set 30 years ago and still on record against biological weapons.
This legislation is of great importance to Armenia, as it creates an adequate legislative basis for further strengthening the country's export control system, one of the key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever before, peace, security and balance represent a particularly important challenge for our time and an imperative in building a world that guarantees the development of nations in universal harmony.
In that regard, we welcome Belgrade's invitation to the Mission to join in finding a solution to the practical issues related to the opening of two new border crossings in the Kosovo side at the border of Serbia and Montenegro and Macedonia.
Accordingly, the United Kingdom fully supports the “standards before status” policy.
I join the members of the Council in thanking Mr. Annabi for his briefing and for the information he has provided.
India will provide, if necessary, additional information on its comments and will also contribute to discussions to address the issues raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 269th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) as Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla (Cuba) and Mr. Ravan A. G. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) as Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta) as Rapporteur.
These included the continued upgrading of the technical components of the system to ensure its continued presence on the Internet, including through the UNISPAL “Question of Palestine” interface on the UNISPAL home page under the heading “Peace and security”, and the expansion of its collection by adding both new and old documents.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.30 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by acts of terrorism
But before giving them the floor, I would like to make some opening remarks when Japan takes the Chair of the Conference.
The Committee on Development Policy expected to review the issue at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General would address that issue in his forthcoming report to the General Assembly.
She would like to know more about France's vision for the future with regard to special measures.
It covers the period since the first ISAF III report, and also presents the final assessment of ISAF III action prior to the transition to ISAF IV.
Comment.
(iii) The Secretary-General's decision on this recommendation is not subject to appeal.
(6) The idea that the unilateral act is, in principle, a single State seems, prima facie, to be obvious.
Mr. Raytv (Bulgaria): As previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the United States and British delegations for their very comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
Therefore, combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought through sustainable development policies is a major global challenge.
The socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has so far focused on the authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 It is expected that the objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the services of the Secretariat at the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support to the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and cooperate fully in the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive drug control strategy based on close cooperation between the parties concerned and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between Guatemalan authorities and Mexican authorities were defined in the Mexico-Guatemala border security plan.
The countries of the region were studying all the implications of such a creation.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), noting the fact that Armenia claims to have implemented all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, asked what was the primary requirement of the Council for the immediate and unconditional withdrawal of the Armenian armed forces from the occupation of the country.
Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I called on the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and unrestricted implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the United Nations Information and Communication Technologies Task Force, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The determined engagement of Kosovo's self-government authorities is crucial to breaking the power of this crime, and it is through concrete results that we consider their ability to exercise the powers that have been transferred to them.
If the situation evolves towards a return to peace, UNRWA will face the demands of a transition from conflict to a recovery and development phase, and will therefore launch a special fund similar to that launched by UNRWA for its Peace Implementation Programme following the signing of the Oslo Accords.
(ii) A decrease of $300,000 for maintenance of premises owing to the non-replacement of the budgeted amount for 2002-2003;
1.79 Allocate health policy and service delivery standards to host authorities in order to optimize the use of resources and to avoid duplication of activity and priority conflict.
Prevention and control of diseases
1.141 Increased utilization of computers and desktop automation.
Table 15 Operational and technical services: resource requirements by category of expenditure
Improvement of the status of women in rural areas
- Retain the word “technical” after the word “support” in the first line and insert the word “and” after the word “technical” before the word “technical and effective”.
(d) To ensure that the various institutional actors take due account of the values of public service, in particular with regard to honesty of behaviour, the sound management of resources, transparency of decisions, evaluation, accountability and commitment to provide services to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed by paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002);
Any initiative taken in favour of indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
The canons have worked, and we now seek to put Côte d'Ivoire at work and to resume our activities, as in the past, in concert with all the countries neighbouring the subregion.
This would result in an increase in accountability that would greatly improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The exporting Authority is invited, before validating a certificate, to require the exporter to submit a statement that the exported rough diamonds are not conflict diamonds.
Other achievements mentioned include:
(c) To examine the extent to which the recommendation of the United Nations Board of Auditors that the Registrar seek to reduce costs by appointing resident counsel in close proximity to the seat of the Tribunal may be followed, in view of the international character of the Tribunal, and make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the problem of late disclosure of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the weapons collection programme had experienced delays and the process of weapons destruction had stalled.
It was also said that the distinction between contractual and real aspects in that regard was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the decision of the Committee at its first session, a pre-session working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the views of the child
(f) To devote more financial and human resources to special education, including vocational training and assistance to families of children with disabilities;
(a) Develop a set of measures to update the implementation of the provisions of the Convention on children and parents (including initiatives to reach out to persons who are illiterate or have not benefited from school education), civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including Siyya;
(d) Continuing difficulties in raising parents' awareness of their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective periodic review mechanisms for the treatment of the child and any other circumstances relating to its placement.
The approach was therefore taken to strengthen and improve the elements of the enjoyment of human rights and its monitoring relating to persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia addressed to the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, a letter denouncing the decision as “unlawful, unjust and irresponsible” and rejecting the demarcation process.
Introduction
Figure 10.
United Nations reform as such should, however, not be our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics prepared by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344), that technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the most commonly requested form of assistance.
It is my hope that you will now approve the updated aide-mémoire as a tool to reflect the evolution of protection priorities and that it will be useful for the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the protection needs and rights of civilians are reflected in relevant Security Council resolutions and mandates.
In that regard, I would like to quote Mexico's very important resolution 1502 (2003) adopted by the Council during the Syrian presidency of the Council in August on the protection of United Nations personnel, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict zones.
Civilian populations must not be taken hostage by factions in war trying to deny them access to humanitarian assistance.
The Board's recommendations are verified by the Fund's secretariat on their compliance with the relevant United Nations rules and then submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken at the fourth session of the Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization to consider, through the Council on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, the links between the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights and the Convention on Biological Diversity and the protection of traditional knowledge;
Stressing the importance of the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission taking effective measures with regard to issues of impunity and accountability and the promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council has repeatedly emphasized the importance it attaches to the success of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Giraldo (Colombia), Mr. Vassilakis (Greece), Mr. Gopinathan (India), Mr. Zarif (Islamic Republic of Iran), Mr. Haraguchi (Japan), Mr. Kazykhanov (Kazakhstan), Mr. McIvor (New Zealand), Mr. Kolby (Norway), Mr.
At the outset, I would like to highlight three points concerning the drug situation in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for its generous and continuing role in leading the fight against narcotic drugs.
States cannot act in isolation from this problem.
(d) Effective risk management and internal control systems; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to expedite extradition procedures and to simplify evidentiary requirements relating to the offences to which this article applies.
(i) Identification and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, wherever and by which they are located;
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that this article is not intended to require the prosecution of minor offences.
The requested State Party should consider renouncing the request for a final judgement in cases where the judgement cannot be obtained because the perpetrator cannot be prosecuted for death, flight or absence or in other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit adopted a directive developed with the support of the Office of Programme Funding, which covered the systematic review of country office oversight mechanisms for fund-raising, other resource-related contributions management and reporting to donors on the use of funds.
Each Centre organizes three to five training sessions per year, in collaboration with national authorities, various United Nations agencies and programmes (including UN-Habitat, UNDP, UNEP, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank Institute and the Global Compact Office), international associations of elected representatives (such as the Inter-Parliamentary Union, the World Association of Cities and Local Authorities, the Latin American Federation of Municipalities, and the Office of the United States).
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603, tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination was maintained as a basic principle for negotiations.
(f) The status of the destruction programmes for anti-personnel mines referred to in Articles 4 and 5, including details of the methods to be used for destruction, the location of all destruction sites and the safety and protection of the environment.”
The Internet address is http://disarmament.un.org/MineBan.nsf.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “External debt crisis and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
From September 2000 to April 2003, at least 12,737 Palestinians saw their homes demolished by the Israeli military forces, which invaded cities with the support of tanks, tanks and helicopters and destroyed homes with explosives while their inhabitants were still living there.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore absolutely essential in that fight.
On this last point, I will not go in detail.
Madam President, I thank you for organizing this meeting, and I also thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), for his very comprehensive report and for his concrete proposals to improve the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) and the emphasis on the continuing threat posed by Al-Qaida.
Lastly, she said that she would ensure that the Secretariat took into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain regarding the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of the proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have provided examples of other producers of official statistics, which develop and publish statistics in their own area of activity.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remained firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and the agreements reached at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences, and called for the expeditious and full implementation of the 13 practical steps agreed upon at the 2000 Review Conference.
ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians of the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after the cessation of active hostilities, where civilian casualties are often high.
Chairperson's summary
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do the same?
None
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring the universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the consideration of human rights issues, as affirmed in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted on 25 June 1993 by the World Conference on Human Rights,
The unfortunate incident of Depayin, on 30 May 2003, influenced many conclusions of the Special Rapporteur's interim report (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the emergency situation resulting from the prolonged drought and the effects of a long conflict.
Nepal therefore urged the High Commissioner to address that issue in greater depth.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
When the debate is limited and a member or representative exceeds the time allotted to him, the President shall call him to order immediately.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Rule 87
Rule 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
Reports, official decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention shall be distributed by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and to interested States parties and, as decided by the Committee, to members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested parties.
States parties shall submit to the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on the steps they have taken to implement their commitments under this Convention within one year of the entry into force of the Convention for the State party concerned.
In carrying out their mandate, the rapporteurs may, with the consent of the Committee, undertake the necessary visits to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of his or her functions, the Chairman remains under the authority of the Committee.
Rule 71
Systematic violence in the Mambasa-Komanda region was perpetrated in three different periods:
Towards 12 October,LAC soldiers entered the witness's home in Mambasa.
All respondents confirmed that there were very many cases of rape of girls, some of whom were barely 10 years old.
It is on the basis of the Team's report that a new trial was opened against 27 suspects from the forces of the Republic of Slovenia.
Global road safety crisis
Once the designation is established, the entity is subject to a series of sanctions prescribed by the Terrorism Suppression Act.
A working group of experts, comprising representatives of various countries and organizations in the Pacific and assisted by two writers (neo New Zealand and Australia), is drafting model provisions.
Accelerated procedure for the review of eligibility to benefit from the mechanisms
Their role should be clarified and the powers and responsibilities that were better delegated to them.
Of the $42.8 million for operating expenses for the period ended 30 June 2002, only $28.4 million, or 66 per cent of the total, had been disbursed at the end of the financial period.
OIOS recommended that the Office urgently establish appropriate mechanisms to deal with the increased number of applications received through the Galaxy system; promote mobility through improved conditions of service at the various duty stations and streamlining administrative procedures; ensure that the e-PAS is linked to a tangible reward system and staff contribution to the implementation of the organizational objectives; and ensure that there is a consistent pattern of human resources management;
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors conduct an evaluation of the professional capacity and competencies required by OIOS to provide internal audit services for the administrative and investment activities of the Fund, in accordance with generally accepted standards for internal audit of retirement funds, and report thereon in its next audit of the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Survey of misuse of office automation
Financial institutions are required to regularly report suspicious trading transactions and to monitor irregularities.
Having carefully considered the report with the assistance of its experts, the Counter-Terrorism Committee has written to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments.
This offence is committed by any person who knowingly organizes or facilitates the entry into the national territory of an individual who is aware of, or has good reason to assume, that he or she is a smuggled or intends to seek asylum.
The number of women holding positions of official representatives at the national and local levels, as well as the level of women's participation, are reflected in previous tables.
- The establishment of formal committees in institutions to assess and report on the situation of academic women.
13.3 The Government is committed to offering a contributory pension scheme as wide as possible and is aware of the fact that persons who cease all work to assume family responsibilities may be disadvantaged in terms of social security.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Act on Domestic Violence) which, inter alia, deals with restraining orders and protective judgements and gives the Garda broad powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The next revision of the Charter would highlight the possibility of formally refusing to use information services.
Stressing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, neo-colonialism, aggression, foreign occupation and domination and interference in the internal affairs of States are indispensable for the full enjoyment by men and women of their rights,
Article 12
States parties shall accord to men and women the same rights with regard to the law relating to the right to freedom of movement and to choose their residence and domicile.
Workshops
It could also request Working Group I to cooperate closely with Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on aspects of procurement law relating to electronic commerce.
- Request for information under article 44 (1) of the Banking Institutions Act relating to the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against institutions in the United States (Rundschreiben_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Committee decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have limited the growth of GDP in the region, the uncertainty they have created has resulted in most scholarships in the region, where the overall trend in 2002 has declined with a few minor occasional events.
Such plans include improved forecasting, early warning systems and continuous communication between disaster-prone areas and communities and authorities.
UNESCO, ICSU and several affiliated agencies will encourage biodiversity conservation activities in which remote sensing and GIS will take place.
Thematic discussions were held on the various items and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights concerning the prohibition of forced evictions,
Welcomes the continuing appeal by the Representative of the Secretary-General to the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement in his dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and other relevant actors, and requests him to continue his efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on preparing its deployment inside the country.
The remuneration of the two other judges is provided in the proposed budget of the International Tribunal for Rwanda.
Trial Section 1
The elections will be triparties, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Head Ominayak and the Lubicon Lake Band v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX A, para.
Bangladesh is largely governed by codes of civil and criminal procedure established during the British regime.
It has published and distributed throughout the country budget fascicles explaining the procedure to be followed and the need for birth registration and marriages to raise awareness of the public and ensure its active cooperation.
Response to Recommendation 460: In its development plans, the Government has followed a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the changing nature of requests for assistance and the growing need for certain types of medium-term specialized assistance to support and strengthen the capacity of the Government of the requesting country, in particular the capacity of national electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age for marriage was the same for men and women and whether it was at least 18 years.
UNDP intends to provide greater support for the national reconciliation process, social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria supported the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of his report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257) and also stressed that, without due consideration to the human element, the interdependence of economies did not take into account the right to employment.
His country continued to work to improve cooperation with the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/...
At the closing date of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of the 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration under article 14, paragraph 1, of the Convention.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 9 of the Convention
However, the periodic report focuses on the measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts where the Greek and Macedonian minorities are traditionally concentrated.
They claim that there has been a violation by Denmark of article 2, paragraph 1 (d), and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant claims, in support of this assertion, that, according to a decision of the High Court of the Eastern Region of 5 February 1999, an incident of racial discrimination does not in itself constitute a violation of the honour and reputation of a person under article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“1.
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and to Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be presented in future in the context of the proposed programme budget.
An overview and summary of the activity will be provided in section B.3.1, with information on, for example, the effects of GHGs and the type and importance of the technology used (e.g. installed power, production).
Environmental, economic and sociocultural impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica had joined in sponsoring draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above) would greatly address this problem.
Ways of implementing, through new and additional financial resources, technology transfer on concessional and capacity-building needs to be made available to developing countries.
The third World Water Forum, held in Japan, developed an action plan to identify a number of projects around the world and establish a web site network to accelerate water-related activities.
(The annex to the present document contains a breakdown of expenditure on these activities.
24.61 The provision of $2,995,200 (increase of $465,700) is for: (a) the continuation of 10 posts (four Professional posts, 6 General Service (Other level)), (b) the costs of the delayed impact of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) during the biennium 2002-2003; and (c) non-post requirements for the functioning of the Office.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system and its unique practical capacity and experience in coordinating assistance in conflict and post-conflict situations, inter alia, in the protection and respect of human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $458,000
Office
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, the final recommendations without a vote.
Article 103 provides that elections shall be held by secret ballot, unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of an election to a post subject to only one candidate.
(ii) One representative from an Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study and mitigate the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to the Assembly at its fifty-eighth session a report on the status and implementation of the Agreement for the Implementation of the Provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982 relating to the Conservation and Management of Straddling Fish Stocks and Highly Migratory Fish Stocks, and related instruments and the implications of its entry into force to the major fish stocks.
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under the items entitled “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the question biennially from its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects3
World Solidarity Fund
Promoting youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the further progress made in the work of the United Nations system in favour of children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake the comprehensive assessment of the scope and effectiveness of the measures taken by the United Nations system, including the recommendations to strengthen, mainstream, integrate and continue those activities, and to submit his findings to the Assembly at its fifty-seventh session for consideration.
** Term expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility for the results and relevance of the General Assembly and other organs of the United Nations lies with the Member States alone, and no reform can remedy this situation, as long as those who are in a position to decide to obstruct the work that we all are supposed to do.
The Millennium Declaration and the Monterrey conferences on financing for development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development have attracted great hope in the international community, particularly in developing countries, to see the emergence of a stable, just and solidarity socio-economic order.
That goal can be achieved only through a multilateral and comprehensive approach and through the development of transparent strategies to free the world from nuclear weapons.
- Sports competitions in various types of national sports, support to schools, sections and sports circles for children and young people and purchase of sports materials.
The awareness-raising programme for Latin America and the Caribbean, which addresses the needs of the particularly threatened poor communities, continued to focus on developing innovative information and education tools and forging partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy secretariat serving as Secretary.
Market access barriers, including price increases and inflation, limit exports of developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected to serve on the Committee for a period of three years, beginning on 1 January 2001, the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova.
Please provide the legal basis, with a brief description of laws, regulations and/or procedures, which in your country allow for the monitoring of the transfer of such funds or assets to identified individuals and entities, including:
It is also necessary for the Council to strengthen the political framework of the peace process — in word, to rekindle the momentum of the peace process, which has, of course, progressed, as I say, but which needs to be turned back on track.
We believe that what is important for someone also becomes urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of an Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, in which Brazil participates.
The Security Council meeting of 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region for the maintenance of peace and security, which culminated in the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “the Council has placed on Iraq the burden of fulfilling its obligations and disarming itself, not on the inspectors to find what Iraq has tried to conceal for so long.
It is normal that there is a plethora of information related to the organization and administration of such sites and not connected to the mandate of the inspection teams or with weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The unequal situation with regard to counterparts that could be provided, given the lack of skills inherited by Timorese society, is another constraint.
The majority of East Timorese continue to engage in subsistence farming with extremely rudimentary means of production.
While our bilateral relations grow at all levels, we urge the international community and the United Nations to support this process.
First, many observations have been made on the judicial system.
The President of the Court of Appeal should therefore be sworn in later this week.
(b) The project database is divided into two sections: United Nations projects and projects conducted by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; it contains project descriptions and funding needs;
(e) 1.17 “Performing party” means a person other than the carrier that physically performs [or undertakes to perform] [or does not perform any of the carrier's obligations under a contract of carriage for carriage, handling, storage or storage of goods, to the extent that it acts, either directly or indirectly, at the carrier's request or under the supervision of the carrier.
The order of the definitions was amended in accordance with that suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider adding paragraph 1 bis to Variant C, which would read as follows: “1 bis.
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is implemented by more than one third of the Member States, including some high-income countries, in order to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of contaminated needs.
Most of the police information systems that have records in accordance with the Schengen Agreement are operating as a national database accessible by the Internet and are fully operational either in the trial phase.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces at the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a grant agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist infected and affected persons.
Like most countries in the region, Zimbabwe has been largely dependent on donor support for its programmes on HIV/AIDS, but that support has declined since 1999.
Consequently, the President of the Republic has passed a law that defines the responsibility of the State of Chile for the prevention of AIDS and is aimed at promoting prevention and non-discrimination against persons living with the disease.
Venezuela has benefited in recent years from the development of cooperation with UNIDO in such areas as combating mercury pollution, agro-industries and timber industries, promoting investment, exports and technology.
The practical implementation of the projects under this general framework calls for a resolute effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Human rights situation in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported that recommendation and recommended that those financial implications be included in the programme budget for 2004 under Major Programme 4, Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to guarantee to any person brought before a court or court within their jurisdiction the right to be present at his trial and to defend himself or herself or to have the assistance of a lawyer of his choice;
In 2001, a Ministry of Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, was established.
Given the contribution of women in the economic and social sectors, policies should be adopted at the earliest possible stage to address the social, economic and cultural problems they face.
The International Organization for Migration (IMO) has made the fight against trafficking one of its priorities and is working with various United Nations bodies and agencies in that regard.
Pakistan welcomed the progress already made in that regard and called for the implementation of procedures relating to the basic norms of radiation protection of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in the context of those principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) expressed disappointment at the results of the recent World Trade Organization (WTO) ministerial conference held in Cancun, and regretted the lack of agreement on lowering tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which would have generated US$ 500 billion in income for rich and poor countries and helped to lift some 144 million people by 2015.
If nothing is done to address them, the injustice of economic globalization will reverse third-world problems on the first, and poverty, terrorism and disease will also become global.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya had proposed overcoming the problems impeding its development, both in urban and rural areas and in the Desert, but its task was complicated by the presence of mines on its territory.
The tragic fate of the Aral Sea is an example of the problems that arise.
Mr. Beeser (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly for the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action was a landmark step towards the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hoped that the international protection of the rights of migrant workers, particularly women migrant workers, who were the most vulnerable to discrimination would be ensured.
In order to provide a fair and rational means of knowing what may be reasonably presumed in relation to a description of the goods provided by the shipper, the instrument should be modified as suggested in paragraphs 153 and 154 of the commentary.
They often rely on the assistance of relevant services from other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence allowance for activities outside the Organization
(Supply)
Rule 207.18
(iv) Where such educational institutions are too remote to allow for daily visits, the area in which the staff member is in office and, in the opinion of the Secretary-General, there is no such distance in the school area that would be appropriate to the child, the amount of the allowance shall be calculated at the same rates as those specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
His delegation could not support the proposal for the consolidation of the accounts of peacekeeping operations, which was incompatible with the Financial Regulations and Rules in force and could reduce the oversight that the General Assembly could exercise on each mission.
It would be grateful if the Secretariat would provide information on the progress made in filling General Service posts for the Force in accordance with the relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
A total of 66 mangrove projects in 35 countries were FAO.
Group 1
(d) It is important to review the implementation of past projects, such as results, possible follow-up, and to disseminate lessons learned.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States in accordance with paragraphs 26 and 27 above an amount of 20,051,150 dollars, consisting of:
During the reporting period, a new Government was established in Afghanistan, with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these obstacles is the case of all and there is much more active engagement by the international community.
This expansion of the work programme makes it difficult for UNCITRAL to coordinate with parallel initiatives of various organizations in such areas as electronic commerce, dispute settlement, insolvency, transport law, security rights and privately financed infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supported the continuation of work on the two draft counter-terrorism conventions, which should be completed expeditiously.
The following information is apparent from the roster:
Monitoring the implementation of that resolution must be carried out in a climate of transparency, integrity and trust.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which was due in August 1996, received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) Adopt measures to improve the physical conditions of detention in prison facilities and to prevent both violence between prisoners and the use of violence against detainees by prison personnel.
2.4 At the same time, the Ljubo Radoovic police officer visited Bozova Glaica to tell his Roma people that they needed to leave immediately.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to grant reparation and compensation to victims of an act within the meaning of that provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that, at no time in the proceedings, the complainant has provided no details of his alleged torture.
He claims that his dismissal against Sri Lanka would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has ascertained, as required under article 22, paragraph 5 (a), of the Convention, that the same matter has not been examined and is not being examined under another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
2.2 Upon his arrest, the Spanish authorities first requested his extradition, but that request was then withdrawn because of an error on the individual.
(b) The contested statement must be an essential part of the charge against the author of the communication;
5.4 In relation to the evidence to support the allegations that Mr. Azurmendi made his statements under torture, the complainant refers to a report of the CPT relating to the specific period in which the contested statements took place and that:
The complainant's grandfather is the mother of Abdullah Öcalan.
1.3 By a note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its observations on the admissibility and merits of the complaint; it also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures in accordance with rule 108, paragraph 7, of its rules of procedure.
By granting the extradition of Spain, the Federal Office of Justice had de facto accepted evidence obtained by torture.
b No further clarification is provided regarding these problems.
aNumber of responding countries: 65.
In the meantime, it would be inconceivable that too much could be discerned in that area, since inconsistencies and inconsistencies with the various regimes of private international law might arise.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
The framework for the maintenance of peace and the resolution of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, would unfortunately justify that change in attitude.
Observer status for the East African Community in the General Assembly (A/58/232 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division works closely with UNDP in the following areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, compliance with agreed definitions and standards and data needs.
The first research has already produced strong results and produced specific research and development proposals.
i.
Stresses the essential role that political leaders and political parties can and should play in strengthening democracy by combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2003/L.11/Add.4
The relevance refers to the extent to which an activity is in accordance with or in accordance with national objectives.
It will therefore be the most winners if the objectives are achieved, but they will be the most penalized if their interests are not taken into account at the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Board Aircraft, signed in Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with ongoing political and legislative processes and new institutional arrangements in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint venture of the South Pacific Mining Corporation (SMSP), controlled by the Kanaks, and Canadian firm Falconbridge for the construction of a smelter in the North Province to treat nickel from the Koniambo mountains.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand fell by 34 per cent and the number of visitors from Japan by 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea said, inter alia, that, if the goodwill of all parties involved, consideration of New Caledonia and Western Sahara issues should be advanced.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The process would take approximately four weeks, starting from the date of the decision to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by aerial bombing in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action
In particular, the Working Group provided a detailed analytical commentary to the draft, which UNCITRAL had published as a working paper of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/SDTE/TLB/4).
The requirements for civilian personnel for the 2003/04 financial period, which cover 256 international staff, 282 national staff and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amount to $28,314,900, representing a decrease of $4,938,300 (14.9 per cent) compared to the apportionment for the period 2002/03.
(a) Financial mechanism: funding under the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance for the major diamond producing, selling or working countries to participate in the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
Thus, in the final analysis, the new proposals, although seemingly flawed, not only seem inapplicable in practice in the light of the required level of coordination, the wide range of actors that would be necessarily involved and the long duration of the reporting cycle, but may not lead to the simplification of processes but to their complication by adding a new level of work, thereby increasing the task of recipient countries and other actors.
It cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the bodies, sharing its comments and observations at the request of various United Nations agencies, organizing conferences and seminars, publishing books and brochures on selected issues considered by the United Nations system and conducting persuasion.
Table 1 compares the estimates for the biennium 2004-2005 (at 2004-2005 rates), the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 57/293 of 20 December 2002 and the actual level of expenditure and income for the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report be produced on an experimental basis in time for submission to the General Assembly during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
One D-2, Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.).
Travel requirements for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,170,300 (before recosting), an increase of $74,800 compared to the appropriation for 2002-2003.
Section 26 Palestine refugees
In future, it should be explained, either in the programme documents, or in the supplementary guidance to the distribution of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and between the regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The purchase of firearms and explosives in the parallel market must be denounced to the prosecutor's office, the perpetrator of the violation of the Federal Act on Firearms and Explosives, and punishable by imprisonment and fine, and confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Consult
It also notes with appreciation the detailed written replies submitted by the State party to its list of issues (E/C.12/Q/ICE/2).
(l) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic in small arms and collecting them (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and the measures to strengthen international cooperation to counter the world drug problem adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 12.
During the two sessions, additional information was requested on UNCITRAL seminars.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author claims that his son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because the day of his arrest and other occasions before his trial he suffered serious ill-treatment and the inhuman conditions in which he is detained.
3.1 The author claims that the persistence of the Czech authorities, including the Czech Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that Act No. 143/1947 is a special discriminatory law and that it is as such and without effect constitutes an arbitrary, discriminatory and unconstitutional violation of the author's right to enjoy in any way its legacy and property, including its right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author further claims that there was a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, in that a violation of article 14, paragraphs 1 and 3, having the effect of depriving an accused of guarantees of a fair trial, also constitutes a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 With regard to the issue of exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the State party's arguments that initially claimed that the author's dispute did not fall within the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second time, that under the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, an appeal could now be filed with the courts.
The State party argues that the author's allegations are contradictory.
The Committee's reasoning in that decision arose from an interpretation of the Covenant that article 6, paragraph 1, was read in conjunction with article 6, paragraph 2, which did not prohibit the imposition of the death penalty for the most serious crimes.
On the same day, the author's counsel also filed an application for judicial review, which was rejected by the President of the Criminal Chamber of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Accordingly, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and this part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author claims that his rights have been violated, since he was arrested and charged without any evidence of his involvement in a criminal activity and was brutalized by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his appeal statement, the author called for a revision of the evaluation of evidence that he considered to have suffered from error.
With regard to the applicability of the statute of limitations, in relation to both the request to the Constitutional Court and the criminal procedure involved, the author claims that, in both cases, it was impossible under the anti-constitutional military regime in place at the time of prosecution of political dissidents within the prescribed time frame.
Given that the State party has not registered falsely against this complaint, and has not provided any other relevant information on the manner in which the execution of death sentences takes place, due weight should be given to the author's allegation.
4.16 Secondly, the State party argues that the author has not demonstrated how the action of the Government constituted interference with his family life.
6.2 As to the excessive length of the period before the trial, the Committee points out that the dates to be used to determine, in the case under consideration, the length of the delay involved the arrest of the author and his trial, not the dates of the alleged crime, the date of murder, the date of commencement of the trial.
It is not required to use only the documents originally before the case and may take into account the elements that were not known when the initial decision was made.
It also considers that the State party has falsely asserted that it would not have been entitled to a pension under article 13 of the law on allowances for ex-combatants, and argues that none of the two bodies dealing with his claim has raised doubts as to his ability to satisfy the criteria set out in the various paragraphs of article 13.
5.2 With regard to the temporal jurisdiction of the Committee, the author considers that he and his family are subjected to a continuous violation of article 7, since they still do not know where the person concerned is in question.
Witnesses:
He objected that Peruvian judges could have ruled on the unconstitutionality of the text if they had been brought before a complaint that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, the time limit does not begin on the basis of the notification of the judgement, but on the basis of the last notice relating to it.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance in the voluntary return of detainees to those areas.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed the consideration of the complaint.
The authors invoke the decision of HREOC to the extent that it contains an assessment of the facts of the case, which strengthens their argument that the Commissioner has taken a wrong decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to rescind the decisions of the Qualification Committees and return him to the police.
The authors have brought to justice in Tamnes, Amurunden 1997 and Korssjofjell and the authors' requests for expropriation in the latter two cases are pending, but they have not made an application for expropriation in the first instance.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner were relayed by the Western Fjords District Court, which, in reference to the Supreme Court's ruling in Validmar, ruled that article 7, paragraph 2, of the Fisheries Management Act was contrary to articles 65 (right to equality) and 75 (Employment) of the Constitution.
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, pointed out that such prohibitions “are in fact compatible with the right to freedom of expression provided for in article 19, whose exercise entails special responsibilities and duties”.
He immediately informed the judge that he intended to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that, mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be applied in the case in question.
3.3 The author claims to have exhausted domestic remedies and states that the case was not subject to another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
In addition, the State Council emphasizes that two appeals may be filed before the Permanent Chamber or the Court of First Instance, then before the State Council on appeal, and that those bodies may order investigative measures.
Thus, by arrested by the Minister of the Interior on 16 March 2001, the author's military service was recognized on the basis of seniority during his promotion at the sixth-tier of the principal officers of prefecture.
In addition, the amount that the State has been sentenced to pay for procedural costs has been paid.
Canada, chapter XII, annual report A/48/40/ Vol. II.
6 See Caballero Delgado and Santana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (Annual report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/Ser.L/V III.33 Doc.4); identity.
The State party refers to similar observations made by the State party in Pauger v. Austria (Communication No. 415/1990), Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
France), decision of 3 April 1989.
Meetings
While some of the staff members actively opposed the new appointments, the Government's will is gradually required.
Security is therefore of crucial importance, whether the safety of electoral personnel or the freedom to participate freely in the ballot.
However, the Judicial Reform Commission has made progress in the areas of infrastructure rehabilitation and training.
The situation of women still remains poor.
Recalls Economic and Social Council decision 2001/36 of 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, indigenous peoples' organizations, the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues and all existing mechanisms, procedures and programmes within the United Nations system, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, to communicate as soon as possible, and in any event to the Council at its substantive session of 2003;
The proposed analysis enables us to determine who can legitimately take place at the negotiating table and the items to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of an interregional workshop to support the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in Small Island Developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
In order to do so, two basic conditions must be met, namely, the existence of a vacant post that does not apply to any citizen of Azerbaijan who has vocational training or skills and the inability of the placement services to find a candidate among local job-seekers who meets the criteria established by the employer.
The rest and lunch breaks are not counted as working hours.
In 1997, amendments and additions were made to the Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities Act 1992, which became the Disability and Rehabilitation and Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities Act.
The same article also provides that children who cannot be integrated into traditional pre-school institutions because of their physical or mental disabilities are accommodated in specialized pre-school institutions.
The results of the eight finalists were communicated to WIPO to participate in the international competition involving licensed students and 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) The national budget;
(d) Agriculture;
It is to say that the challenge of good governance is at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play an essential role in the field of arms proliferation.
That could lead to a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
The booklet contains guidelines and information on the various options available once the compulsory school has been completed.
The implementation of a feminist study programme at the University of Iceland is one of the Centre's priorities in the coming years.
The committee published a programme for equal rights for Icelandic University for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall fix the salaries and allowances of officials of the Court in consultation with the Prosecutor, in accordance with the standards of the United Nations common system.
b “In Ghana, Hope Arrives through Satellite”, International Herald Tribune, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with IMF
(c) To continue to include in the agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes among States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee reiterates its recommendation that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that adopted children cannot know the identity of their natural parents, even by their majority and even if it is found to be in their best interests.
(a) The enactment of new legislation and the adoption of several national strategies and programmes, including: decision No. 347/2002 on national programmes of concern in the field of child protection, street children and children in institutions; Act No. 678/2001 on trafficking in persons; Act No. 197/2000 on domestic violence and against children;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, the ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning Minimum Age for Admission to Employment and the ILO Convention (No. 182) concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour, which the State party has ratified:
(a) To launch information campaigns at all levels and in all regions with a view to eliminating harmful behaviour against the Roma throughout society, in particular among authorities such as the police and professionals providing services in the areas of health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their reports on a regular and timely basis.
(b) Develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as monitoring and data collection on racist motivation;
(d) Ensure that the Family Council has adequate resources to carry out its mandate.
At the national level, there is growing recognition of the need to consider development objectives and policies from a human rights perspective” (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical measures, to ensure progressively, through all means, in particular through the adoption of legislative measures, the full realization of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms constitutional law, with regard to workers in the private sector and public enterprises, to establish, without prior authorization, the organizations they deem appropriate.
This period is considered to be actually working for the purpose of paying the salary, regardless of the agreed wage system.
Information on the current living standards of the population
In situations of extreme poverty, households that, even if they devote all their income to meeting their food needs, cannot adequately meet them.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of built housing units reached a total of 1,076 843, an annual average of 107,6844.
As a percentage of the population and the housing stock, the figures represented less than 4 per cent of the country's population and only 3 per cent of the housing stock.
State housing programs
With regard to health-sector activities, some researchers estimate that more than half of the reduction in child mortality is associated with the expansion and coverage of health services.
However, there are still very binding judicial provisions and procedures for the media and journalists.
FIM: Mining Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Act No. 19070 of 1996.
However, it is important that the facts relating to violent crimes committed against women be made public in a dignified manner and in accordance with the privacy of the victim.
The conclusions of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be urgent.
Japan hopes that all States will do their utmost to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and will build on the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete steps at the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms and light weapons during the period from the Second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If none of the three options obtained the majority of votes, the least votes would be eliminated and a new referendum would be held so that voters could choose between the two remaining options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, is eligible to vote.
• Women with higher educational levels want fewer children.
Kunst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure for the International Meeting to Review the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
xi.
In their final communiqué, the participants of the Tenth Islamic Summit Conference, held in Malaysia last month, called on the Security Council to endorse the road map for the achievement of peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for its achievement in a timely manner.
It is important to lay out here the three main pillars of that goal, as they demonstrate our commitment to maintaining that theme in the long term.
However, according to the Israeli representative's assertions, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption on the part of the Palestinians.
Armenia has continued to implement, for almost 10 years now, its policy of blockade of the Autonomous Republic of Nakhchivan, thereby causing enormous suffering to the civilian population of that part of the country.
Similarly, it is imperative that the Government and civil society work hand in hand to encourage the growth and development of our children.
Last year, the States Members of the United Nations adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have access to health care and education free of charge.
At the same time, it had managed to reduce expenditure through energy-saving measures.
Welcomes the adoption by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003;
“The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission to Guinea-Bissau, to be undertaken by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, which will constitute the first part of a comprehensive mission to West Africa, and looks forward to its conclusions and recommendations.
The United Nations Commission on International Trade Law, Working Group V (Insolvency Law)* Twenty-eighth session New York, 24-28 February 2003 Draft Legislative Guide on Insolvency Law Note by the Secretariat [Challenges I and II of the first part of the Guide are issued as document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2 and the second part of the Guide is issued as document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.37.
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
There is, however, an informal translation of article 3 of the Act, which describes national measures to implement international sanctions.
Annex
As a result, no person who suffers from such a measure cannot obtain entry visas to the consulates of Lebanon or public security.
Afghanistan, the Dominican Republic, Albania, Andorra, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Colombia, Ecuador, El Salvador, Estonia, Guatemala, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the Russian Federation, Fiji, Georgia, Ghana, Guatemala, Honduras, Iceland, India, Kazakhstan, Kenya, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Mali, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the United States of America and the United States of America.
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To examine the question of the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider reviewing and revising immigration policies, as appropriate, with a view to eliminating all inequitable practices against migrants and members of their families and to provide specialized training to officials responsible for policy-making, enforcement of laws, immigration and other services, including with the support of non-governmental organizations and civil society, emphasizing the importance of creating an effective policy environment for the promotion and protection of migrants,
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and that the full enjoyment of those rights and freedoms by persons with disabilities is indispensable, without discrimination,
Thus, not only the occupying Power has decided to physically rehabilitate areas that have been under full Palestinian control under the agreements reached, but it seems that it has now decided to take control of civil affairs in those areas.
I would be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 by which the Governing Council of UN-Habitat approved the establishment of the Special Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian People and the Technical Cooperation Trust Fund with a budget of $5 million for an initial two-year period.
Partnerships
The establishment of a generalized system of preferences, decided in 1968 at the second session of the Conference, will successfully translate into an innovative approach to the issue of developing countries' access to the markets of industrialized countries.
International disciplines and commitments — which were essential for the establishment of an international economic regime based on rules — began to extend to areas which, in the past, were the only competence of national Governments.
Special and differential treatment can be useful in addressing economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing and developed countries.
What should be the role of government?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
There will be a meeting of the Joint Coordination Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The aforementioned Convention was adopted during the plenary meeting of the General Assembly on 31 October 2003 at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken special measures, although not limited to kidnapping cases, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims appearing before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane as Deputy Special Representative in Asmara.
After completing its work for 50 minutes, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at http://www.itu.int/wsis/documents.
We have still not, at present, the answers we need to key issues on Iraq's past production of chemical and biological weapons, on what remains its capabilities and its current programmes.
Population density and distribution have influenced emissions from transport and habitat.
Some provide for a net increase in emissions from this sector despite the measures implemented, adopted and envisaged.
(c) Asile and refuge several delegations stressed the need to link the obligation not to grant asylum or safe haven to persons suspected of having participated in an enforced disappearance, with the need to refrain from returning such persons to a State where they may be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious human rights violations.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures might be necessary, however, since, in their discussions, specialized intergovernmental bodies usually focused on substantive issues and did not discuss the role of the Secretariat, i.e. the activities foreseen in the programme of work.
(f) The presentation and timing of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
That time is therefore particularly opportune to speak of the non-permanent members of the Security Council, who together with the permanent members defend the principles enshrined in the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
There is therefore a discussion now to commit itself to revising the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on strengthening legal and administrative measures and the mobilization of international cooperation and coordination to that end, my delegation would like to focus on other aspects that could be addressed, which are also mentioned in the report, in particular with regard to South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to know and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and associated individuals and entities could unite disparate groups of different ethnic and national backgrounds using their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations3 and of the funds and programmes of the United Nations for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, and of the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations;2
31.35 The High-level Committee on Management has the main mandate to guide the work of the United Nations system on administrative and management issues of relevance to the entire system and to promote inter-agency cooperation and coordination on these issues on behalf of the Chief Executives Board.
My question is: What can be expected in terms of new contributions? Because, as the previous speakers have already said, this process will be long, and will require substantial funding, including particular coordination and cooperation from other countries with the lead country.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braun, who have made presentations that have provoked so many relevant issues on Afghanistan, although some of those issues have been addressed.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report annually to the management of the discrepancies identified and intends to discuss options to improve the updating of regional inventories.
(b) There should be sufficient staffing at Headquarters and in missions to cope with the volume of air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces
United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNOMSIL)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to promote the use of identification systems, including the application of the Object-ID standard, and to encourage the establishment of links between those systems and existing databases, including that of the International Criminal Police Organization — Interpol, to enable the electronic transmission of information with a view to reducing trafficking in cultural property, as well as the promotion of the promotion of cultural activities of the United Nations;
The political process must therefore be broad and open enough to ensure that all Afghans wishing to participate in the political process in good faith can do so and are not left out of their reach, which would increasingly encourage them to join the ranks of those who actively obstruct the peace process.
I would now like to offer a more precise description of the situation by providing the Council with the latest information on specific events that have taken place in Afghanistan since the briefing last December.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep conviction that security is an integral and indivisible one must benefit all.
It could be so if we were to agree to free old-fashions and abandon nuclear doctrine.
Given the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution will enjoy the widest possible support from States parties and States not parties to the Convention.
In accordance with that view, at a ministerial meeting of the Quartet, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, presented the initiative to adopt a special Security Council resolution in support of the road map.
The President: Is there any other delegation wishing to take the floor at this stage?
Moreover, no consensus has yet been reached on issues such as the elimination of unilateral measures (e.g. prohibitions on exports imposed by producer countries and boycotts in consumer countries), since they are incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, several large firms engaged in timber trade apply environmental management systems designed to ensure that timber flows from environmentally and socially safe sources.
It is involved in concession management, forest plantation development and downstream processing of forest products.
(i) Urge countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve the timely collection and dissemination of information on the production, consumption, trade and prices of wood and non-wood forest products in order to promote market transparency.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former law, composed mainly of treaties imposed, should be repealed in their entirety and replaced by more just and equitable legislation, which is more protective of the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group 10 to 19 years, men are more likely than women to work because customary law requires girls to remain in the home later as boys begin work.
The rights and obligations of marriage are the same for cohabiting; witnesses may prove that a couple has lived under the same roof for at least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501)]
In its resolution 42/11, the Assembly requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to use the expertise and experience gained in implementing its global technical assistance programmes, as well as information collected through the relevant questionnaires.
Item 8: Other trade and development issues:
UNCTAD collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa in the preparations for the Cancún Conference by participating in the High-level Meeting of African Trade negotiators preparatory to the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference and the meeting of African Union Trade Ministers in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Cancún Conference.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries in participating in the Doha work programme in the field of trade and environment continue in close cooperation and coordination with the secretariats of WTO, UNEP and the regional commissions of the United Nations, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as with civil society.
He also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the Kennedy School of Government of the Harvard University in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachussetts, on 23 and 24 September 2002, which presented the work of the Commission on ICT development indexes.
We also recognize that globalization, and in practical terms the growth of international trade, offers hope for growth for our peoples.
Last year, by addressing the General Assembly, I spoke about the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and promised to report on progress achieved.
In addition, women participate in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women, which is part of a coordinated and integrated system of development activities that include mother and child care; thus, equality between men and women in a society that believes in family unity, makes gender equality and respects family rights.
The developing countries are facing development challenges today, which can be addressed only through concerted international efforts and support to ensure the necessary political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
I would like to touch on two specific criminal justice issues:
The United Nations must therefore continue to contribute to the process of peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has sought to apply the principles it proclaims in the strongest terms.
Important developments in the global balance of global forces and global goals have taken place since the creation of the United Nations 58 years ago.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe at Thessaloniki, the European Union will continue to support the Secretary-General's efforts to achieve a comprehensive, just, viable and practical solution to the Cyprus problem, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each Committee shall elect its Chairperson from among its members.
Those arrested or detained must be informed of the reasons for their arrest or detention and of their right to be assisted by a lawyer.
The last publication was the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21st meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered section 28, Public information, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and other relevant human rights instruments,
Also regrets that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that the officials or former officials of a troop/police contributor who are not a party to the Rome Statute shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of that State for any allegation of acts or omissions arising from or from the United Nations Stabilization Force in Liberia;
Also requests the working group to study the information presented and to share its comments and recommendations with transnational corporations, other business enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other sources of information;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, sponsored by Mr. Chen Shiqiu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Mbonu, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Dominicans for justice and peace
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could join a certain level in order to exchange information on user needs and to achieve a broader objective of integrating GNSS and its support to the basic infrastructure of developing countries.
Governments do not measure the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and disease control.
Expected accomplishments
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is developing a synthesis document, which is used by members of the Partnership to assess the relationship between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, subparagraph (f), provides: “Every person arrested or detained shall be formally charged and brought before the competent court within 48 hours” and “there shall be no pre-trial detention”.
(f) Support to the Peace and Security Council for humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Protocol to establish the Peace and Security Council of the African Union;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is an area that could benefit greatly from education and awareness-raising programmes.
Some sources indicated that in some areas the principle of accountability was relatively well applied, but that it was mainly the responsibility of the relevant officials.
Decides to include the following items in the agenda of the third session of the Committee for the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intended to reconsider that initiative, as well as the issue of debt sustainability, at its autumn meeting.
This meeting will provide policy makers with an opportunity to address issues related to development cooperation.
Mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Office of Legal Affairs made several statements in explanation of the Council's rules of procedure.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
Thus, we are in a phase of starting our political tools, particularly those related to the criteria of flexibility.
Staff in the process of recruitment will require training beyond the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report gives us an overview of the work of the Council over the past year in its field of responsibilities, namely, the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) To assist in maximizing the relevance of the results of the work of the Assembly and the Council and to ensure that arrangements are in place to monitor their effective implementation, including by linking the results of the high-level segment of the Council to the deliberations of the General Assembly;
10.16 Expected accomplishments would include: (a) the enrichment of the knowledge base, know-how and management tools of the Government and the relevant institutions, with a view to improving them to implement an environment policy; (b) the development of original technical cooperation agreements for the installation and use of appropriate and environmentally sound technologies; and (c) the establishment by Governments of international environmental arrangements that are better equipped to respond to environmental emergencies;
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary prevention of drug use among young people; diversification of drug treatment and rehabilitation services; policy and strategy development; capacity-building and capacity-building; and the identification and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 The conservation and sustainable management of forest ecosystems in Central Africa
Strategy
(d) Promoting the use of information and communication technologies and space technologies, including by facilitating adaptation to local conditions or the transfer of best practices.
Indicators of achievement would include: (a) the number of members and associate members who have received assistance from ESCAP and the new initiatives they have taken to improve their ICT policies and the institutional framework; (b) the number of national ICT training centres and the number of technical cooperation activities among developing countries implemented with the support of ESCAP; and (c) the establishment of a regional cooperation mechanism on space applications.
Strategy
The achievement of the targets will be determined by faster assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; more timely and coordinated interventions in disaster-affected countries; increased participation in disaster management training courses; increased cooperation on the ground and in the region; and increased donor response to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation to reduce the impact of the El Niño phenomenon
Programme 26 Least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and victory (Seoul, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Olamendi (Mexico) said that in three years of power, the Government of Mr. Vicente Fox had laid the foundation for a full exercise of the rights of the human person.
In that regard, his delegation endorsed the recommendation of the Acting High Commissioner that efforts should be made to create a culture of tolerance and respect for others and not violence.
New laws were needed, but the greatest challenge was not the adoption of laws, but their practical implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the Fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their reduced mobility can prevent them from leaving even when water is contaminated, land is drying and supply sources are cut off.
Such services should be developed and a politically viable social contract should be formulated.
The declaration also aims at strengthening cooperation with a view to better enforcement of laws, the provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and the Special Recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (FATF).
Ms. Knowles (Australia) recalled that about one year ago 88 Australians had died and 202 had been injured as a result of the Bali terrorist attack.
Yet, in exceptional cases where organizations can be established, the relevant decisions must be binding and the creation of the new institution is based on the functions of the organization that created it.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (Second Committee matters)
BRF worked on specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in the Fiji financial system.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its one-year response capacity.
The statement is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve or repair the encumbered assets, such as asset repairs, have a security right, which generally ranks security rights in the same encumbered assets as collateral for other claims.
Non-lethal
The terms of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP and the corresponding project document relating to the Interim Authority should be expanded as necessary;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies in support of the economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Support to the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsor of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
Men are still more likely to decline, with the ratio of 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, within the manufacturing sector itself, there has been a new distribution of production, which deserts the manufacturing of shoes and clothing for electronics, engineering and health-related products.
It is proposed that family therapy be provided to families with regard to drug abuse or play.
An important initiative has been the removal of illegal ships to Armi, with the joint operation with the Land Department.
Land shall be returned to land owners or their heirs as if the State's acquisition had never taken place, provided that the land owners attached to cadastral within three months of return.
In fact, the situation was considered unfair vis-à-vis Maltese donors, and the amendments made in 1995 to the 1944 order on the limitation of housing rents, the 1959 order on the release of housing prices and the 1931 order on the renewal of urban property make it not applicable to the lease agreement contracted on 1 June 1995 or after that date the restrictions imposed by the above legislation.
The programme consists of several integrated programmes, which include: pre-construction services (e.g. frequent miscarriages, genetic counselling service), prenatal consultation, hardship service, child birth attendants, periodic review of infants, free vaccination, school medicine, child abuse centre and child development assessment service.
Municipal councils reconfigured and moved district clinics, while NGOs focused on the organization of special services to socially disadvantaged groups such as persons with disabilities and drug addicts.
The Catholic Church provides its own school buildings and facilities, but is also responsible for maintaining its facilities and financing the possible expansion.
Candidates for university studies must have successfully passed the examination of the baccalaureate, which simply gives university access and must also meet the special conditions for admission to certain studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD covers practically all aspects of the socio-economic and political structures of society, including development planning, sound economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, security, agriculture, health or education, among other fundamental elements of any indicator of progress.
However, the problem we face in this regard is that the General Assembly-mandated body to address the issue of Security Council reform — that is, the Open-ended Working Group on Council reform — has not been able to achieve significant progress since it was established under General Assembly resolution 48/26 in 1993.
1.6 The CTC would appreciate receiving information on the findings of the Commission established by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Waqfs referred to in pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report in order to bring the existing criminal law into line with international terrorist offences.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and potential use of United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability” prepared by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Disability of the University of Galway, Ireland, at the request of OHCHR, analyses the provisions of the six United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability and reviews the functioning of the United Nations system.
Measures taken by States 9 - 22 6
In that regard, OHCHR supported the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Standard Rules on Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the proposed supplement thereto.
With regard to the withdrawal or modification of interpretative declarations, a simple interpretative declaration, contrary to an ordinary reservation, may be formulated at any time.
There was also a question as to whether unilateral acts should be restricted to or extended to certain types of conduct of States that could produce legal effects.
But the 26 million Iraqis deserve it.
There is an urgent need for him to heed the message of the inspectors mandated by the Security Council and to provide the necessary responses.
The inspections cannot continue indefinitely without prompt, active and effective Baghdad cooperation.
The situation in the Middle East, including the question of Palestine
I believe that President Bush's announcement last Friday that the Quartet would present the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible and authoritative Prime Minister would be confirmed, is an important step on which we must build.
Accordingly, the Secretary-General's proposals to reduce the additional requirements are limited to those mentioned above, and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the guidelines of the Commission, the Special Rapporteur has continued to pay particular attention to the issue of gender-based distinctions.
Requests for registration are registered in a register (RCA).
The process of ratification of the Convention is being completed.
In expected accomplishment (a), replace “social problems” with “social development problems”.
Malawi would like all States to join the defence and promotion of the functions and credibility of the Court and to consolidate its jurisdiction and independence. That would require vigilance and the unequivocal engagement of all States, as well as careful selection of officials of the Court, especially judges whose personal integrity and independence must be above all suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) — The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands notes that the courts of the Netherlands do not consider that most economic and social rights are directly applicable in the domestic legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members also have before them document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
It was jointly prepared by the United Nations and national organizations dealing with issues of relevance to the sustainable development of the oceans and the progress of the oceanography, under the primary responsibility of FAO and under the guidance of a steering committee and a technical committee, which coordinated the work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
In order to meet the needs of the Convention for assessment, the Global Assessment should include an assessment of biodiversity at the ecosystem, species and genes.
Special Unit for Global Policy Review (guidance report)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: environment and sustainable development)
She thanked the key managers for the information provided on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in human resources management of the Organization.
Expert meeting on the definition of environmental goods and services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, however, the poor performance of private enterprises and social discontent are worrying.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of the draft resolution (A/C.3/58.L.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
But policy reforms and capacity-building in developing countries should also be introduced.
OHCHR has also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations Country Team, as well as with ICRC, in developing a common strategy for displaced persons.
The Transfer of Technology and Foreign Investment Act 1992 liberalized FDI inflows and guaranteed the return of profits and capital.
We are concerned that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and the military actions facing Palestinian civilians, the Government of Prime Minister Sharon will act to support the peace process.
The Palestinians want to put a definitive end to the occupation, with the certainty that they will have a truly viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, as set out in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without distinction of any kind, including sex,
The assistance has mainly been used to provide intensive training to teachers, administrators and evaluators at the provincial level.
The group referred to the various forms of education under article 6, and noted that there were several formal and non-formal activities aimed at children, students and adults.
Public Awareness Working Group (Chairperson: Ms. Višnja Gugasović, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauer, Switzerland)
Thus, article 139 of the Penal Code provides that: “the conspiracy to commit any of the offences referred to in this section carries the same penalties as those imposed by the actual commission of the act”.
Under article 148 as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001, forced labour shall be punishable by any person who knowingly manufactures, possesses or transports any type of explosive or inflammable material or any toxic, inflammatory, inflammatory, infectious, bacteriological, chemical, radiological or chemical, or assimilated, or any part thereof, to commit terrorist acts or to enable others to use them to that end.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening the role of the United Nations in enhancing the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and in promoting democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of United Nations peacekeeping operations
The “E3” Panel found that Van Oord was entitled to compensation for certain of its loss of tangible property but recommended that it not pay compensation for its other claims.
It is further noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its capacity to support the Counter-Terrorism Committee when required, the Department for Disarmament Affairs should draw public attention to the risk of the use of weapons of mass destruction in the context of terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that much remains to be done to achieve the objectives and priorities set out therein;
(h) closed-circuit television services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
They spoke, inter alia, of agreements and institutions aimed at improving the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems: the South-East Pacific Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment and the Coast of the South-East Pacific and the Plan of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Baltic Sea Region; the Convention for the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment of the Baltic Sea Region;
Another proposal was that the main agencies that were to participate in the consideration of topics entrusted to groups should prepare joint reports for submission to the groups at the beginning of the meetings, as a result of which they were devoted to the scope and nature of inter-agency coordination in the field of treaties, in order to complement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea that was to continue for distribution before the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In paragraph 19, in the second line, the word “education” should be replaced by the word “information” and, in the fifth line, the words “consider providing all available assistance” should be replaced by the words “Welcomes the invitation extended to the Chairman of the Special Committee to assist Tokelau in the constitutional convention to be held in September 2003”.
On the occasion of a presentation on the effects of structural adjustment on human development made by the Council at a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki identified three major characteristics of structural adjustment and stabilization programmes: they are by nature limited; they make the beautiful share of capitalism and weaken State power.
Any attempt to link the ban on any future production and the issue of existing stockpiles would unnecessarily prolong negotiations and undermine nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament.
(a) In electing additional members, the General Assembly shall respect the following pattern of seats:
According to the World Bank, housing costs increased by 12 per cent in the first 15 months of the second intifada.42, 43 per cent.
PCDAR is an implementing agency that reports directly to the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority were given, camp refugees replaced and modified their homes and added others.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea on the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union was equally firmly committed to promoting gender equality and the empowerment of women and believed that the perspective of gender equality should be integrated into development strategies and policies at all levels, including in the work of the United Nations.
There are currently two women district commanders out of a total of 141.
The World Health Organization employs four women and six men.
Despite the compulsory nature of the primary school as enshrined in the 1991 Constitution, the problems are acute at this level of education.
The success rate was 71 per cent and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the higher technical education sector, primary discipline was the following:
Women dominate the trade sector, where the ratio of women to men is 2 to 1, textile production and garment, and the food industry other than the melting of rice.
According to the study, only 37 per cent of women had already used a condom.
(BAsD, 1996; Denmark-Sendbergen, etc., 1995).
The village leader is assisted by a deputy, but by a total of 12,491 deputy deputy, only 101 are women.
Our work on small arms and light weapons has many aspects, but the human dimension must remain our guide.
We also wish to see the success of the 2004 Review Conference in Nairobi, Kenya, which will help to achieve that goal.
At the same time, it is important to control weapons and to impose restrictions in order to strike an adequate balance between legitimate security needs and the unnecessary loss of innocent lives, which is the result of irresponsible policies in the field of conventional arms proliferation.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
She also wished to know whether there were any figures showing the number of men and women working in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. Gonzalez asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Reproductive and Sexual Rights referred to in paragraph 420 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Service on Reproductive Health and Sexual Rights referred to in paragraph 421 were two separate or silent institutions and whether they dealt with the rights in themselves or only health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to take into account, in the negotiation process, the contributions of the United Nations system and relevant international organizations;
Subsequently, the COP will hold regular meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure adopted by the COP.
He hoped, however, that each organization represented at the meeting would be provided, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources, as appropriate, with a mechanism to exchange information.
Other issues
“Welcomes the decision of the Government of Benin to host a regional preparatory conference in May 2004 in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of effective measures, including, where appropriate, new financial mechanisms, in support of the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, poverty reduction and the strengthening of their democratic systems, while reaffirming that each country has the primary responsibility for its own economic and social development and that national policies play a leading role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Belize, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Ecuador, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Slovakia
They come from the report of the Secretary-General on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, tables 1 to 4).
A woman was appointed as a temporary Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (with effect from 1 January 2003) and another was recently appointed Humanitarian Envoy of the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with effect from 10 January 2003).
Strict respiratory has shown that regional and international cooperation is essential to addressing the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives aimed at enhancing the efficiency and visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the riots that took place in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country appeared to be slightly restored to normal conditions.
There is a need to ensure, through training and adequate support, that the standards currently being developed give rise to best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need to take such action;
]
Mr. Nesser (Sweden) endorsed the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/264);
Expressing its grave concern at the continuing Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, the relevant United Nations resolutions and the agreements reached between the parties, including the ongoing construction and expansion of the settlements of Djabal Abu Ghounaym and Ras el-Amoud in and around East Jerusalem,
International cooperation in the field of environmental protection should focus on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening of relevant institutions in the field of sustainable development at the national, regional and local levels, as that would help developing countries to better address climate change issues.
Environmental sustainability requires universal support for global environmental conventions.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by adopting the necessary laws or regulations to ensure the effective implementation of the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement a system such as the Sédoc, due consideration should be given to the organization of the Secretariat, as set out in Secretary-General's bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5 of 12 September 1997, whereby (section 1) “the Secretariat, which is one of the principal organs of the United Nations, has its headquarters in New York.
Level 5 is given to representatives and access to documents reserved for participants, such as conference room papers (CRP), in addition to documents available at level 4.
In reviewing the websites of organizations or agencies whose official documents are posted on the Sédoc, it was observed that some of them did not indicate that the documents in question could be consulted through the ODS.
The initial system has responded to needs for almost 10 years, which is very much in view of the speed of technological innovation.
These identifiers must sometimes be handled manually; the task is time-consuming and time-consuming (of three to six months) and it represents an additional workload when staff resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, on 5, 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some are even suspected of helping others to acquire weapons of mass destruction, while some would seek to acquire such weapons or fail to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge posed by terrorism as a new and real threat to the international arena, introduces a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
The session was attended by representatives of 117 States, as well as observers for services provided by the United Nations Secretariat, United Nations bodies and research institutes, specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I am encouraged by the work of the Security Council Ad Hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa, the Special Advisory Group of the Economic and Social Council for Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed in favour of the three priority areas for ECLAC in the biennium 2004-2005: policies for the promotion of equality and poverty reduction in the region; national policies to strengthen linkages between economic and social development and ongoing globalization; and integration of environmental perspectives into government policies in the region.
The first group met with the director of the factory, who asked about the plant's material, the problems encountered in production, and the effects on production.
Expressing its appreciation to those countries that continue to host Afghan refugee populations and at the same time once again calling upon all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations with regard to the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons and to allow access to international agencies capable of providing assistance and protection to those people,
(ii) intergovernmental organizations;
Special arrangements for the annual disbursement or for a longer period of contributions to the budget by the Government of the country in which the Centre is established (hereinafter referred to as “the host Government”), by any other member of UNIDO or by any intergovernmental organization having relations with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between Governments or organizations concerned and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They pointed out that the Evaluation Office might disperse its efforts and might lose efficiency.
Type: Satellite
The following year Nauru was placed even lower; the members of the Panel included him in the list of “countermeasures”, not because of the inadequacy of our laws but because the rules of the game had changed and that we did not have the capacity to oversee offshore banks registered in Nauru.
In addition to the fight to ban weapons of mass destruction, it is absolutely urgent to address the problem of small arms and light weapons that play a role in the conflicts and insecurity that many of our countries face.
Unfortunately, it would seem that, for a very small number of Member States, the issue is not a problem of formulation or terminology, but that it involves other factors that, very frankly, we have difficulty fully seizing.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account differences among States with regard to the scope of criminal legislation relating, inter alia, to prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornographic material.
Corrigendum
There are also some girls' schools, which are used as a day-to-day meals to encourage their students not to leave school.
There is no data on the level of illiteracy among rural women.
To be held in eight closed meetings on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Notes the importance of the ongoing bilateral peace negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security in promoting mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiation of a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks posed by irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines to humans.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of the mandate contained in resolution 57/61, to examine the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO welcomes the idea of working with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national action plans and to form the implementation programme.
To date, in the light of the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the recent meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes are permitted; many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this endeavour.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on the way forward to realize all previous commitments and to define new commitments for the full achievement of the objectives of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomed the results of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development, which had significantly clarified the methods and future work programme of the Commission.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that have participated in these difficult consultations in recent months and whose will and dedication have led to the adoption of the resolution.
The overall management of judicial reform and review remains the responsibility of the National Transitional Government of Liberia, with assistance provided by international organizations of experts under the guidance of the United Nations through the knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
]
Amphetamine continues to be manufactured mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should be given priority to ensuring that all their services work together and pool their resources and knowledge to combat drug trafficking.
This management and use is also essential for the quality of extensive pasture and soil conservation.
Annex II
The State of Victoria (Australia) is helping the Fiji Police in using radars and provides educational materials on road safety.
While those who resort to traffickers deliberately, they are nonetheless very exposed to ill-treatment during their per capita lives, including extortion of funds by corrupt officials or other law enforcement officials.
It was to be hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in the field of peace and security would renew the concept of cooperation of all countries in favour of peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of General Assembly resolution 377 (V) adopted in 1950.
The crew of the “Shenzou”, a name that says “were divide” in Chinese, has stolen in space and is healthy and except on Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the recent killings, violence and other human rights violations and atrocities committed in Bunia, as well as the attacks on the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and the internally displaced persons who have fled to the Mission premises, and reaffirms that such acts will not go unpunished and that their perpetrators will be held accountable.
Appendix A
Under the operative paragraphs of the second draft resolution, entitled “model legislative provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on privately financed infrastructure projects”, the General Assembly would be grateful to the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law for having completed the preparation and adoption of model legislative provisions, request the Secretary-General to publish them and recommend that all States duly take into account the model legislative provisions and the Legislative Guide.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/515)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, Rwanda, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court issued a six-year and six-month prison sentence against him in public hearing and violated the obligation to hold accounts.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Purpose of reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, Chair of the SBI, and Mr. Halldor Thorgeirsson, Chair of the SBSTA, presented the objectives of each of the workshops and indicated the expected results.
The workshop, which was intended for officials from Asian countries to prepare reports under article 18 of the Convention, focused on States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
As the economic situation had subsequently improved, the Government had adopted a two-pronged approach to gender mainstreaming in its strategies and the development of gender policies and programmes, which allowed it to respond more systematically to gender discrimination.
The Committee also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns be carried out for parliamentarians, including judicial authorities and legal professions.
In the light of all those elements, I would like once again to ask the Council to carefully consider international measures that will guarantee the necessary security for the progress of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I would like to reiterate my Government's commitment to the full implementation of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other relevant international instruments.
The Secretary-General estimates that the Institute's expenditures for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including salaries for the nine existing posts (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service) would amount to $970,300.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative proved effective in terms of time, effort and resources.
(b) Such guidelines will be incorporated in the instructions on programme presentations for 2004, and will include, as recommended in the audit on staff training, direct costs for the design, development and implementation of training activities funded from the administrative budget and training projects managed by the staff development section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution as a whole (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document is composed of three parts.
Compilation and synthesis of views on actions taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priorities and actions taken by Annex II Parties to implement decisions 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, within the limits of its verification mandate, UNMEE can ensure that the parties fulfil their security responsibilities with regard to the employees of the outsourced companies of the Boundary Commission working in the field and intervene in extreme situations to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs shown in this document are purely indicative.
However, only eight countries, against the target of 19 countries, reached their completion point in mid-2003.
On 22 October 2003, between midnight and 0015 hours, an enemy Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea off Beirut, 20 miles off the coast, headed by Junié and up to the west of Chakka, 11 kilometres off the coast.
On the same day, at 2149 hours, an Israeli military boat fired an illumination flare in the said waters.
The Secretariat should strictly abide by the six-week rule governing the issuance of documents and all relevant resolutions and regulations of the General Assembly, in particular the texts that the United Nations should refrain from issuing documents on paper or on its website until they are available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation had never been more favourable to women than in 2003.
Nova Scotia will explore in the near future the possibility of extending the scope of these prohibiteds.
The annual budget for day-care services for 2003-2004 will be more than three times that for 2000-2001 and the additional funds are mostly earmarked for the most disadvantaged areas.
As part of the policy priorities for 2002-2003, the target of 72 per cent participation by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was set.
Objectives have been set for reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies among teenage mothers and measures are planned to improve communication, promote education and provide women with user-friendly services.
Under the Scottish health plan adopted in December 2000, Our National Health: a plan for action, NHS must ensure that health personnel are able to meet the specific needs of ethnic minority individuals and families.
The Directors of all NHS organizations in Scotland also personally committed themselves to implementing the programme by signing the Commission's Leadership Challenge for Racial Equality (the Race Equality Commission).
Concerted efforts have been made to improve services in rural areas, such as schools, police, day-care posts and services.
The Court is developing a partnership project with advisory bodies, which could involve the electronic links of the proposed business centres, courtrooms and plaintiff.
A strategy is being developed, with two main objectives: to reach more women and children and to raise awareness of their security and protection choices; and to reduce social tolerance for such crimes so that they are no longer excuses, tolerated or ignored.
In that context, we believe that, as was stated at the last session of Committee 661, an emergency plan to expedite the renegotiation of the financial amendments to those contracts is necessary.
We hope that all the issues highlighted by the head of the Office of the Iraq Programme in his report to the Council on 29 September last, as not yet resolved or agreed upon, will be fully resolved in order to ensure that the transfer is carried out in the best and timely manner.
There is no doubt that the consequences of universal ratification of treaties can now be foreseen, as Mr. Philip Alston, as an independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the unsatisfactory facts and the serious difficulties that must be overcome and overcome if we want, as called for in the Millennium Declaration, to achieve sustainable peace and to achieve sustainable development.
Table 2 Number of donors that reported multi-year contributions to UNFPA regular resources, 2000-2003, by region (as at 28 February 2003)
In a democracy, the majority must choose the rules to which it wishes to join and, in recent years, Canadians have, in their majority, shown that they want less violence, both in real life and in the media.
The research carried out demonstrates that, with regard to crime issues, there is a need for financial reasons to come back and focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided that the term of office of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November following the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted by consensus resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of the present report).
The budget proposal of the Court is dictated by its primary purpose, namely, to conduct fair public trials within a reasonable time.
A second technician retains the Office of the Prosecutor's database and provides all necessary technical support for the daily use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, which follows the same functional approach as that used for other major programmes, is intended to ensure the greatest possible efficiency through the establishment of a common set of services at the disposal of both the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions involve the establishment of three separate subgroups in the Victims Participation and Compensation Unit in 2004, namely the participation subgroup, the compensation subgroup and the Trust Fund subgroup for victims.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and Documentation Section
Performance indicators
• Travel (including for security officers for the Prosecutor, the President, judges and deputies travelling to high-risk areas)
He would also act as adviser on internal legal issues relating to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Deputy Executive Director explained that the amount of the contribution was only one aspect of the calculation: if the other two criteria — payment and contributions to thematic funds — were satisfied, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
It also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the rule of law and would welcome more details on that issue.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
It was, however, not the modification of an existing reservation but the formulation of a new reservation.
The Office prepared a comprehensive document on legal and judicial reform, which provides an update on progress made over the past 10 years in preparation for the mid-term meeting of the Donor Advisory Group, to be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also stress the need for more intensive use of peaceful settlement measures, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
In reviewing peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be advised on how to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society groups; the new measures have been the subject of a relatively strong consensus within the Government coalition and it is hoped that the regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28 as at 31 January and 29 and 30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are crucial for the sustainability of the human species and the environment. Our traditional knowledge systems must be respected, encouraged and protected; our collective intellectual property rights must be recognized and guaranteed; without the free and informed consent of traditional knowledge holders, such knowledge must not become public, and cultural and intellectual property is protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further details and proposals regarding the structure during the intersessional period.
It may be aggravated by 5 to 10 years and the fine of 50,000 to 1,000 CFA francs if it is determined that the perpetrator has usually engaged in this activity.
- 1 Under-Secretary-General;
The Civil Code, which regulates family relations, proclaims in its Articles 78 and 80, that the human person is subject to the right from birth to death and has the enjoyment and exercise of all private rights unless otherwise provided.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been established to ensure the effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of land entry, permission to enter borders can be obtained from immigration and border delegations.
Annex
There is no such gap between men and women in other diplomatic ranks.
The recognition of the values and potential of assistance provided by non-governmental organizations to government institutions is reflected in the Croatian Government's cooperation programme with the non-market non-governmental sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Belize) said that the exclusion of Taiwan from the United Nations violated the principles of universality and self-determination enshrined in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
The concern was also expressed that the inclusion of the “undertake” member would make the definition too broad.
However, concern was expressed that Variant B did not specifically refer to the liability of the carrier and that paragraph 1 of that article stated that the carrier was “gotten liable” without first defining that liability.
The Working Group as a whole approved the substance of the paragraph.
* Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, India, Kenya, Malaysia, Russian Federation, Pakistan, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Swaziland, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play an equally crucial role in other situations of tension, such as, in particular, the question of Palestine.
It is the Iraqi regime that it has always been responsible for avoiding war.
I would like to highlight the very valuable contributions of a large number of speakers before me, who have greatly enriched our debate on this very important issue.
My delegation listened carefully to the statements made by the States Members of the United Nations during this debate.
A starting point could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles he believes should guide our decisions in the future of Iraq.
The Security Council is, and will continue to bear, the primary responsibility for global peace and international security.
My Government is fully committed — and will continue to do so — in the fight against international terrorism.
We must be aware that there are always peoples living under foreign occupation and under international law are entitled to resist such occupation.
We are also taking further steps to enhance cooperation in this area with other Central Asian States.
It states:
Special allocations for the “resident coordinator support line” of programming arrangements will continue to be used in support of coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3, the Administrator shall, in his budget proposals, provide for separate funding for UNDP funds administered, which shall be submitted separately for approval by the Executive Board.
It will disseminate lessons learned and confirmed practices to its partners so that their policies and programmes address the concerns of poor women, those affected by and infected with HIV/AIDS, those in conflict and post-conflict situations and those otherwise excluded from participation in decisions affecting their lives and choices.
The present proposal is therefore not intended to reduce the collection rate to reflect interest income, which is currently about 2 per cent.
The support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 was $7.3 million.
In order to allow for a comparison with the changes in the volume of approved activities for the current budget period, the increase or decrease is expressed using the same factors used for the approval of the appropriation.
Urban Secretariat
Burkina Faso reported that it had initiated the ratification process.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter of 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report from Indonesia to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of items of which the Council is seized is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
reforestation and afforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization has led to a decline in government revenues as a result of lower tariffs and taxes, thus reducing public expenditure, especially in the social sector.
Clarification was sought on the joint independent expert/WTO human rights commission group; some delegations stressed the need for human rights issues, including the right to development, to be addressed in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO.
At the same time, the above delegations called for enhanced South-South regional cooperation, exchanges and integration.
One speaker expressed the view that the working group itself was already a follow-up mechanism and that there was a need to remain in place to review national studies and experiences and to monitor the implementation of the outcome of United Nations conferences.
In that context, the Working Group considered that States should, inter alia, endeavour to eliminate protectionist barriers to exports from developing countries and remove subsidies that adversely affect their exports in some economic sectors.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate such work, including by making recommendations, as appropriate.
The group raised questions to the Director of the project on the water-processing method, the quantities of chlorine used annually, the quantities of water chlorine, the number of employees and entities providing chlorine.
Lastly, he stressed the importance of effective, accountable and predictable collaboration in that area.
Case studies
Once again, the use of the veto, on 14 October, prevented the adoption of a resolution considered by all as a balanced one — a resolution calling on Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by force and to consider the separation wall illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its programmes for the development of multi-year leadership, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, encouraged the strengthening of national leadership in a number of countries — Cambodia, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal, South Africa and Swaziland — as well as in the Caribbean region.
List of tables 10
Analysis and valuation 287 84
Iraq's written response to this claim may be summarized as follows:
These instruments include the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapon Tests in the Atmosphere, Outer Space and Under Water (the Treaty on the Partial Test of Nuclear Weapons), the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, which prohibits the placement of nuclear weapons and other weapons.
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and implemented on 23 June 1961, established the first demilitarized zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to join the consensus on the draft resolution.
Iraq subsequently acknowledged that it had not paid attention to those changes.
I believe that if we are honest, we must admit that the end of innocence has come, no need for them.
The latter part presents the conclusions.
General implications: Development and poverty reduction can only be achieved if productivity gaps within and among countries are reduced through the mobilization of skills, know-how, technology and information in developing countries, with equitable and sustainable development.
For that reason, institutional capacity-building, skills development and entrepreneurship promotion were also crucial for the success and impact of UNIDO technical cooperation programmes; in that context, a new approach was proposed for UNIDO technical cooperation activities, which would allow for more focused and effective use of the experience and know-how of professionals whose services were provided under the eight modules.
The German-German Treaty on the Establishment of a Monetary, Economic and Social Union entered into force on 30 June 1990 and the German-German Agreement on the preparations and organization of the first election to the Bundestag on 3 September of the same year.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights are binding at the national level, as a result of ratification of these instruments, but also because under article 25 of the Basic Law they have a superior authority over ordinary laws and directly create rights and obligations for inhabitants of the federal territory, since they may be interpreted as general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties devoted a separate chapter to the issue of public participation (Australia, New Zealand, Sweden, the Czech Republic), but many addressed the issue from another perspective, with regard to the participation of NGOs and policymakers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) or as a general principle (Italy).
Others consider participation to be the involvement of the public in the development of climate change plans, programmes and policies (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict, there is a need to maintain a minimum level of environmental cooperation to safeguard natural resources and prevent the health of people at risk and the sustainable environment.
When considering the construction of new sewage treatment facilities, it should be necessary to provide for the reuse of these waters.
The quality of sewage released in the oreds, watercourses and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be in accordance with the latest international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo II Agreement, the facility in Ramat Hovav in Israel should be used.
Second performance report on the programme budget
Mr. Barriga (Liechtenstein) said that the past year had been a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Special measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including by improving access to education in rural areas and for children with special needs, as well as by introducing multilingualism and teaching indigenous languages and cultures to promote intercultural understanding.
Upon receipt of additional information and clarification from the auditors, the Committee considered the matter in several formal and informal meetings, and several proposals on how to address this issue were submitted by the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland respectively.
First, all individuals have a duty to assist the public, depending on their means, in fully fulfilling its fundamental role.
Article 12
(g) It is important to ask special rapporteurs and representatives to fulfil their assigned functions and to remain outside their jurisdiction.
The Committee believes that the special information programme on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has greatly contributed to informing the media and public opinion about the situation.
The Arabs have sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, which, as stated in the Secretary-General's report, will remain a fundamental element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the costs of this first review conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by States parties and States not parties to the Convention, which will participate in it, in accordance with the United Nations scale, as appropriate.
(a) Concerned that there is a high proportion of General Service staff in the regional commissions compared to the Professional and higher categories and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, as appropriate, on initiatives taken by the Secretary-General;
(c) The ratio of General Service staff not to secretariat-level and senior-level posts for all such offices, and therefore the need for support capacity, is based on the local situation and the state of infrastructure and trade services development in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children died.
It is probably the first time since the Cuban missile crisis, that the peoples of the world take the opportunity to take the two options around a crisis of that gravity; that is, a diplomatic settlement, thus peaceful, war, with its aftermath, the grave consequences of such an act for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
It is in the interest of the people of Iraq.
For example, in two months of work on the ground, it should be noted that, with the cooperation of the Iraqi authorities, the inspectors had easily access to more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private homes.
Indigenous peoples and communities are not deprived of their means of subsistence or are not expelled from the lands they occupy, in violation of Convention No. 169.
They do not take disciplinary or other measures against workers or others who filed a complaint or claim that the company did not comply with the Norms;
Thirdly, he emphasized the need to be prepared to change his positions and to explore every opportunity to find a fair compromise.
Introduction
Greece
and
In accordance with the Instructions for the Registry (art.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Afghanistan, Algeria, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Myanmar, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Russian Federation, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, South Africa, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Republic, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Republic, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Republic, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Republic, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
What Syria asks us — or anyone in this Chamber — to listen to the voice of wisdom is a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
His delegation would like to know why the creation of a Senior Management Service was an essential element in the progress of the major organizational reforms aimed at strengthening the international civil service (A/57/30, para.
The European Union agreed with the recommendation made by the Commission in its report (A/57/30) concerning the maximum amount of reimbursable educational expenses and the education grant in countries and monetary areas listed in paragraph 141, subparagraphs (a) and (b), and the recommendation on lump-sum reimbursement and additional boarding costs (para. 141).
All parties attended weekly meetings and responded promptly to incidents.
The total number of bank deposits has increased steadily, increasing by 6 per cent over the past six months.
This time in history requires reflection, introduction and action.
Mexico believes that genuine reform must be based on five very specific guiding criteria.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration - from developing and least developed countries to all regions - has been progressively expanded to service.
Purpose and Objectives
However, where this amount is too high, it may have a deterrent effect and may run counter to the objective of convenient, economic and expeditious access to insolvency proceedings.
The inclusion of the encumbered assets may generally increase the availability of credit, since secured creditors would be assured that their real rights would not be affected by the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
Assets received by the debtor during that period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The desirability of measures to protect the value of the encumbered asset may need to be balanced with their potential complexity and cost, and the need for the court to be able to take difficult trade decisions with regard to such protection.
Automatic termination clauses
In order to achieve greater transparency in the insolvency regime, it is advisable to spell out clearly in the law the limits imposed on the powers of the insolvency representative in respect of the types of contract discussed in this section.
However, even if this approach is adopted, the insolvency representative may have to commence proceedings to recover the assets or their equivalent value from the counterparty where the latter does not return them.
As mentioned above, however, a total deserification could disrupt the company and undermine its continued operation at a critical stage of survival.
The following list does not purport to be exhaustive and, in some cases, overlapping or non-binding because of the provisions of the insolvency law.
As a rule, the committee will act on behalf of creditors: its functions will therefore be directly related to the general functions entrusted to them, as mentioned above.
When a creditor committee is formed (and it recruits professionals), this requirement may be enforced by requiring its members (and professionals) to sign confidential agreements.
Some of them set general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan should sufficiently clarify and clarify to all parties the financial situation of the debtor and the amendments to certain rights proposed therein, or set minimum requirements, such as that the plan should provide for payment of certain preferential claims.
In practice, this period may be from 10 to 45 days (see chap.
Recommendations concerning notice of commencement provide for the protection of the debtor by requiring notice of the application for commencement and by providing the debtor with an opportunity to refute this presumption
For example, the ILO Convention on the Protection of Workers' Claims in the Case of their Employers, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the setbacks in this area.
With regard to the latter, the programme is responsible for providing support to the Economic and Social Council and interaction between the Council and the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination.
On 6 December, the Presidency circulated a draft presidential statement welcoming the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, presented, in a closed meeting with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force during the previous six months (S/2002/1328).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained the required majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the appointment of Mr. Collen Vixen Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Narcisse Ahounou (Côte d'Ivoire Ivoire) as members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, those credentials are in due form.
Together Foundation is proud to provide effective electronic communication services that enable G-77 to meet its increasing information and communication needs.
It is a permanent forum in which institutions of higher education and their leaders can discuss important issues and problems in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002), organized in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (approximately 100 participants);
Private sector fund-raising strategies
The social fabric breaks and makes women and girls vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, adult ex-combatants were the only people to be brought to our attention.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations disseminates a comprehensive training manual on gender and peacekeeping to peacekeeping missions and Member States.
More needs to be done in post-conflict and reconstruction situations.
The international community should take appropriate measures to rescue and compensate them.
Web sites President of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
For 12 years, Saddam Hussein defied Security Council resolutions.
We are now in a rapid growth phase supported by a strong research and development programme, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the relevant resolutions adopted by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the latest of which is resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
It is estimated that the one-week reduction in the duration of annual sessions will result in a savings of $228,300 on the basis of full cost for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include ensuring the exercise of the right to water without discrimination of any kind and require systematic, concrete and targeted measures to ensure its effective implementation.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties and the Regional Bureau may, as necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information.
Add a new subparagraph (f) to read:
“(a) The aerosol shall be divided into division 2.1 if the contents contain more than 85 per cent, mass components, inflammable components and if the chemical heat of combustion is equal to or above 30 kJ/g;
“For UN 3175, the ethic test is not required when the liquid is entirely absorbed into a solid itself contained in a sealed bag.
P903 Add the following paragraph after the words “Crosses satisfactory to the test level of packing group II.
4.1.9.2.1.1 Replace "Indiculture of type 1 (type IP-1)”, "Indicators of type 2 (type IP-2)" and "Indicators of type 3 (type IP-3) with "P-1", "P-2 and "P-3" respectively.
Paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.7.6 become 6.1.4.6 to 6.1.4.6 and 6.1.4.8 and 6.1.4.8.1 become 6.1.4.7 and 6.1.4.7.1, respectively.
6.2.2.6.3.3 Management of the quality system
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kuenyehia observed that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women victims of trafficking were immediately expelled from Switzerland and therefore no longer found in the country could not testify against the perpetrators of the offences.
By engaging, with the support of the international community, to ensure peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to build NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without supporting the related ills of the Patrimonism, we can claim that it has been successfully used to achieve development and stability in other countries and in other regions.
While there has been some progress in the past two years, the amount remains far below the level of the 1990s.
The strong commitment of the international community, from the floor to action, and the continued and accountable leadership of Africa, working in a sustained manner to achieve sustainable development on the continent, will help ensure the full success of NEPAD.
It is the first international legally binding treaty on the trade in biotechnology products.
• Cleaning of organic pollutants and nutrients through ad hoc sources;
United States of America
As indicated in the Secretary-General's last report, good note was taken, in the 1999 review of cooperation by the White Helmets Commission, of the implementation of the White Helmets formula and the experience gained in that regard.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the Chairman (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, as A/AC.268/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or child was a member of the United Nations civilian personnel killed in the performance of his or her duties in the service of peace, excluding those who died of natural causes or in an accident, after the effective date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, combating trafficking by sea, law enforcement cooperation and training);
Rule 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that the officers of the Bureau of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs shall remain in office until the election of their successors and shall be eligible for re-election.
(c) The COP/AC should conduct research on cooperative models to demonstrate in what conditions it works best and can be used innovatively, and to create ways to share best practices and experience.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had prepared at the end of others expressed a preference for the proposal made by the States members of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC) (OIC).
There is thus a risk of overlap and duplication.
The family, which is the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for the flourishing and well-being of all its members, must be protected and receive the necessary assistance to assume all its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; killings, rafles, destruction and detention are the parcel of those children who have no access to education or medical care.
Their current situation under the Israeli occupation is far from a “world fit for children”.
We hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its wide range of activities will help to achieve the desired objectives of this draft resolution.
(a) To pay particular attention to the protection of refugee children, especially isolated minors, and internally displaced children at risk of being abducted or involved in armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
Child protection issues — especially sexual abuse and exploitation — were the main obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West and Central Africa reported that several countries in the region were in the process of drafting legislation providing for more severe penalties for offenders.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (non-governmental organizations) has already been established.
UNICEF is developing two HIV/AIDS strategies.
Resources have already been included in the programme budget for the current biennium and in section 24, Human rights, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
This would cover 12 military advisers/commission officers ($4880,200); 8 civilian police advisers ($325,400); 1,159 international staff (279, 143 national staff and 737 local staff); an overall increase of 12 posts resulting from a net decrease of 27 international and 21 national staff (18,500).
Review of the programme of work: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I should like to draw the attention of the members of the Council to the following documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letters dated 2 June and 24 July 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General; and S/2003/685 and S/2003/698, letters dated 2 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General.
“I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Group of States of the Islamic Conference at the United Nations, to request the Security Council to invite Mr. Ahmad Hajihoseini, Deputy Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, Chargé d'affaires a.i., to make a statement to the Council under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure during the Council's consideration of the question entitled “The Middle East”.
But the effect is the same: annexation.
The fear is still very bad and is an artificial solution to the problems facing Israel.
The Norwegian Foreign Minister will reiterate that conviction without any ambiguity in his interview with Chairman Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of the Israeli security forces in the occupied territories and the excessive use of force against innocent Palestinians are also causing despair.
However, it also took note of the various views expressed in the Working Group regarding the form and scope of the instrument, its fundamental principles and some of its main characteristics.
24 to 71). The Working Group agreed to recommend to the Secretariat that it should follow up on suggestions to expand the scope of the study by also addressing the obstacles to electronic commerce that might arise from other instruments that had been proposed for inclusion, and to discuss with those organizations the modalities for the implementation of the necessary studies, taking into account the constraints that the secretariat might require in its current workload.
Enterprises engaged in legitimate business activities should not be afraid of disclosing their identity or business.
(i) A further reduction of non-strategic nuclear weapons that is transparent, verifiable and irreversible, based on unilateral initiatives and in the process of nuclear arms reduction and nuclear disarmament;
The international community must redouble its efforts to achieve universal adherence to the Non-Proliferation Treaty and spare no measure that would undermine its firm commitment to preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The deputies of the State Duma declare that, when considering the documents to be submitted for ratification with regard to Latvia's participation in the Agreement on Partnership and Cooperation between the Russian Federation, on the one hand, and the European Communities and their member States, on the other, they will determine whether or not it is necessary to ratify them in accordance with Latvia's obligations in respect of national human rights and minorities.
She would also like to know whether the Government promoted the formation of women's organizations.
Science and technology as a foundation for sustainable forest management
Secondly, it should be used to use knowledge from case studies to develop indicators for different stress factors that are both specific and scientifically sound.
Date and place
The Chairman: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 expressed the wish that the text be adopted by the Committee without a vote.
As a result of this simplified interface, access is possible not only to the database but also to other available information on the web site.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Policy coordination
Aware of the need for greater coherence and efficiency in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and in the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
Pilot projects had been approved for two of the Territories and their implementation would be carefully reviewed to determine whether they could be implemented elsewhere.
The Supreme Council of the Judiciary, in addition to the candidates on the list referred to in article 3, paragraph 5, shall select two candidates whose names are also communicated to it by the Secretary-General, who shall serve as an international investigating judge and the alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
KUFEC's claim for the development time of Sidi El Kilani 56 - 95 22
KAFCO assessed Jet A-1 fuel at its replacement cost in May 1991 based on the average price of the purchased quantities.
The production profile used after that date is based on the annual production rate it had estimated in 1994, although real output figures are now available.
Ms. Pham Thi Nga (Viet Nam) said, in explanation of her delegation's position, that the draft resolution lacked objectivity and did not reflect the progress made in protecting and promoting human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is silent on the request of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the international community to establish an international criminal tribunal for its country with a view to ending violence and impunity.
Last November, Esther Galia, a mother of seven children, was shot during a terrorist attack in the same neighbourhood.
They are essential for a comprehensive settlement.
As soon as the international community has endorsed the road map agreed upon by the Israeli and Palestinian sides, its implementation requires genuine political will to achieve the ultimate goal, namely, the two-State solution envisaged by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive signs that recently indicated a revival of the political process, Israel's colonization policies and continued construction of the separation wall are contrary to all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while we must recognize that one of the sources of this tragedy lies in the desperation of some peoples, the victims of frustrations and intolerable injustices that slow to be addressed.
On the other hand, Iran has no nuclear weapons programmes and does not intend to have them.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral use of military force, through the transgression of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage individual countries to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, the States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI, committed themselves.
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion strategy of the work of the International Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of these indictees may have died and others may never be arrested.
Moreover, as a result of a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution now defines the family as an entity based on the equality of spouses.
The plan provides for the formation of village development committees, which must include at least one woman among their members and are responsible for implementing the project at the village level.
We are prepared to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal so that these trials will take place.
With regard to the question posed by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and rapid transfer would allow cases to be completed on time, as the President said, the judicial process is not easily foreseeable.
Subregional level
Solutions to prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes require the total elimination of weapons of mass destruction, the first of which is nuclear weapons.
With regard to export competition, it was suggested that reductions in export subsidies and credits should be reduced, but with no precise target or time frame.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment by the Community of Business Women's Network, which aims to empower women, including by facilitating access to credit and trade and technical training;
Such a project is under way in the mountains of Central Asia.
Identification
Contents
Some participants stressed the need to explore the possibility of establishing an international stabilization fund that would play the role of an insurance mechanism to help deal with losses arising from the implementation of response measures.
Recognizing the importance of collaboration among agencies sponsoring the Global Climate Observing System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty be abolished from the criminal sanctions legislation of the two Republics and explicitly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish an open-ended working group to explore ways to improve the predictability of funding.
In particular, reference was made to the proposed provision concerning the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions would cause considerable material and financial damage to third States.
It would be advisable to temporarily suspend sanctions in case of extraordinary circumstances or force majeure (natural disasters, threats of famine, widespread unrest resulting in a disruption of the country's administration), in order to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe.
Therefore, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be addressed on a case-by-case basis.
The sponsor delegation, in turn, proposed the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergency situations and in the case of force majeure in order to prevent a humanitarian disaster, and should be decided on a case-by-case basis.” With regard to that suggestion, the view was expressed that it did not adequately address the idea that such a provision could not be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already provided for in the sanctions regime.
It was further noted that the last principle (section 5 above) raised an important issue of the codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the International Law Commission to come into question and for the Sixth Committee to discuss it.
Transparency will remain the characteristic of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
As a result, despite the slight change recommended by the Group of Governmental Experts this year, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States have remained unchanged, and they believe that the scope of the Register should be expanded, particularly since the experience of past years has shown that the Register, which is limited to seven categories of conventional arms, will not attract universal participation.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help strengthen our rule of law achievements.
My delegation believes that this is a historic occasion, as the Republic of San Marino first takes the floor in the Security Council.
Decides further that the Bureau of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee shall be composed of five representatives of Member States elected according to the principle of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors raised several points regarding the UNMIBH liquidation exercise (A/57/5 (v.1n), para.
Please indicate, if any, how your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and conclusion
Source: Hague Conference, Reports of Conventions, Convention No. 2 (available at www.hcch.net/f/conventions/text02f.html).
The obstacles to women's full participation in political life were rather rooted in traditional societal attitudes; there was indeed some resistance on the part of men to the fact that women could play a role in decision-making.
The trial of another Kosovo Serb, accused of being the instigator of the April riots in Mitrovica, began on 22 November.
Research activities using rockets and ballships, as well as ESA space missions, are designed and carried out in Esronange by research teams in the areas of plasma physics, astronomy, atmospheric chemistry and material science.
UNCTAD's work in the area of trade and development was not intended to duplicate the work of other organizations, but to discuss the relationship between trade and development in an objective and integrated manner with a development perspective, in order to facilitate and strengthen ongoing processes and negotiations in other forums.
The experimental phase had already strengthened the capacity of Somali disarmament, demobilization and reintegration institutions.
Target group: All reviewers.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the Executive Board at its seventh session on measures taken to implement the present decision.
“ Villagers”
Regional Initiatives
The defence of those who are unable to protect is your responsibility.
The Human Rights Commission must play an essential role in the process of improving the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other relevant entities, both public and private, as well as multilateral agencies, to continue to contribute, on a voluntary basis or as appropriate, in accordance with their mandates, to activities relating to the development and implementation of action programmes to combat desertification in all affected regions;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that addressing the issue at a meeting of the expanded bureau seemed to be a strange solution, since the views expressed by the expanded bureau, meeting informally, would not necessarily reflect those of the Commission as a whole.
(iv) All known and forward-looking expenditures relating to the duly authorized representative of the Secretary-General to serve on the International Advisory and Monitoring Board for the period of six months defined above, after which those costs will be borne by the United Nations;
Its action against terrorism using weapons of mass destruction will also be in line with the three-step programme framework of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee, based on the establishment of the necessary legal framework for combating terrorism, the strengthening of the executive machinery for the implementation of legislation and the development of international cooperation.
Its production base remains narrow and diversified.
Despite the deep-rooted periods of hope for a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been the scene of armed confrontation in other phases and periods that have had profound implications and repercussions for the peace efforts Egypt has made with objectivity and clear determination, seizing all opportunities to achieve a just and comprehensive peace for the countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also calls upon States to take all appropriate measures to protect the cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
Moreover, the lack of effective flag State control exposes the maritime sector to the conduct of offenders engaged in arms smuggling and drug and diamonds, etc.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
In times of war, by territorial courts of the armed forces and by military tribunals to the armed forces”.
There were 115 participants from 59 countries, including government agencies, international organizations, consumer organizations, and trade and industry.
The TEMPORARY PRESIDENT said that he had been honoured to preside over the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Council, which had coincided with a period in which, after four years of reform, the Organization enjoyed greater stability.
Despite financial constraints, Ghana has undertaken to honour its financial obligations to the Organization.
Venue
If the President ceases to be a representative of a member of the Governing Council or is unable to perform his or her functions, or if the member State of which he or she ceases to be a member of the Governing Council, the Bureau shall designate one of the Vice-Presidents as Acting President until a new President has been elected by the Governing Council.
The role of poverty and its impact on the entire population were highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
Appreciation was expressed for the elimination of 57 outputs and the streamlining of publications.
The Committee recommended the dissolution of the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus, as long ago it cannot agree on how to implement its programme of work and that it is unable to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that UNHCR's proposed programme budget was presented as a grant to simplify the link between the Office and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The strategy of subprogramme 2 should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and related conclusions be submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women for consideration and action, as appropriate.
A list of participants in annex I is contained in annex I.
A minority representative recommended autonomy for the Ogoni people in a specific region of Nigeria, explaining that this would promote socio-economic development and the full participation of Ogonis in resource control.
The term “new minorities” has not been accepted by all, its use requires more in-depth discussion and reflection.
Training courses for minorities should be encouraged to learn from human rights mechanisms and the development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
It seems to be necessary to build a new consensus on the role of the public sector in the field of energy for sustainable development (for example, setting public policy objectives, setting priorities and guiding markets), while bearing in mind that market forces alone will not address the energy poverty of developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
At present, the approach could be described as “process”: certain provisions of the Convention have been transformed into specific laws.
(c) The two C-160, Turkish military aircraft coming from the FIR of Ankara, entered the FIR of Nicosia, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the occupied area of Apostolos Andreas before exiting in the direction of the east, from where they returned in an opposite direction.
Long-term things and political will must be seen.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and most recently Liberia, show the full success of our Organization in deploying increasingly complex peace operations in times of urgency, involving multiple partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Luis Moreno Ocampo, came to our Geneva office to discuss with us possible areas of collaboration.
These words are the best tribute to the work done by MONUC.
Mr. Pujalte (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): Allow me at the outset to thank your delegation for having included such an important issue as that of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the Council's agenda.
An ecosystem approach involves expanding the functions and processes involved in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
Process of the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests
(iii) Possible measures to reduce risks, in particular political risks, faced by investors engaged in sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
Just as the United States did not do so when it offered money to Iranian nationals after United States missiles had shot an Iranian commercial aircraft above Iran.
Educating students in knowledge management, especially those relating to accounting
(b) Systems analysis and design techniques (Ce Point, which deals with computer page issues, is dealt with in cluster 3.6.
The Government of Israel is headed by a notorious terrorist, Ariel Sharon, who, according to two officers who participated in the massacre of Kafr Qassem in 1956, ordered to burn Palestinian children in front of their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General to ensure, when preparing the budget for conference services, that the resources provided for under general temporary assistance are commensurate with the full demand for services estimated on the basis of current experience;
Paragraph (2) would be very close to the current paragraph 2 of model provision 32 and would therefore be as follows: “Any expropriation of land that may be required for the execution of the project shall be carried out in accordance with ...”; it would be followed by language that is currently in square brackets in paragraph 2 of model provision 32, with a reference to regulatory easements.
A second term could be added to the French version.
Model provision 33, as amended, is approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY] Annex II
(f) That, as proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of their liberty must be released in such a manner as to permit validly verify that they have actually been released and, in addition, released in conditions that guarantee their physical integrity and the opportunity to claim their rights;
The study had revealed that the way in which the administrative services of the Secretariat operated did not fully benefit from the opportunities offered by technology or to adopt the most modern practices like other organizations.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General pursuant to the request contained in its resolution 57/110 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, in order to bring Myanmar to a transition to a civil regime, and to ensure that all persons cooperating with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are not subjected to any form of intimidation, harassment or repression;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/... of ... April 2003, endorses the Commission's decision to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a further year, as set out in Commission resolution 1992/58 of 3 March 1992, and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.”
• Serious consideration should be given to the dismantling of large State-owned mining firms such as Gecamines and MIBA ( Bakwanga).
Expresses its appreciation to those Governments that have made additional contributions for the establishment and strengthening of national human rights institutions;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;1
The unutilized balance was due primarily to the decision not to purchase new power generators, with the availability of generators to be repaired through reserve spare parts and sufficient for power generation.
Recalling that the United Nations human rights instruments and relevant global plans and programmes of action call for the provision of protection and assistance to the family as widely as possible, and that the family has various forms, which differ according to cultural, political and social systems,
The Voorburg Group focused on the problems of the identification of suppliers and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its leading role in the budget process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, which, inter alia, advises the Programme on the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and the management of the resources of the Programme on the basis of the priorities established by Member States;
Capacity developed through: support to organizational entities and planning entities (public and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support for the formulation and implementation of legislation; inter-ministerial coordination; research and training capacity on development issues, etc.
Specific discussions on those items and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its six-hour mission and returned to the Qasr Ninawa Hotel in Mosul.
The National Monitoring Directorate informed him of the scheduled meeting and encouraged him to participate in the meeting.
The importance of broadband services as an engine for economic and social development should be recognized;
]
(b) For any person who directs a private sector entity or works, in any capacity, for such an entity, to seek or accept, directly or indirectly, an undue advantage for himself or herself or for another person or entity, in order to perform or refrain from acting in breach of his or her duties [in relation to an economic, financial or commercial transaction, which causes an injury to the private sector].
[(j) Identify, freeze and locate funds of illicit origin derived from acts of corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
According to those delegations, it would also be important to ensure that the convention's system took into account existing regional mechanisms and sought to avoid unnecessary duplication.
Text taken from the proposal submitted by Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (7 out of 32) presented a projection “without measures taken”.
For this year, a projection is provided for agriculture but not for energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases depending on their degree of difficulty by allocating more resources to the extremely complex cases;
Agenda item 84
In addition, thematic meetings of treaty bodies should be encouraged, which contribute to improved and more transparent protection of human rights in a specific area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate it to the Third Committee.
Given the determined will of non-nuclear-weapon States, the nuclear-weapon States must show that they are making tangible progress towards nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that planted forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and adversely affect the rights and livelihoods of local populations (a strongly discouraged at the Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General of 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations contained therein, endorses the Secretary-General's proposal that an electoral unit be established within UNAMA, and urges Member States to support United Nations electoral activities in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter of 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report submitted by Spain to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It focuses on promoting TCDC in policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador has five female ambassadors, compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Monalvo (Ecuador) said that the most important legislative amendment had been the revision of the Family Code, which had passed to Congress on first reading and was awaiting a second reading.
Resolution 1456 (2003)
Executive Order No. 336, which reconstituted the National Commission for Action against Air Piracy and Terrorism as the National Civil Aviation Security Council.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The fruitful exchanges of views followed by them have enabled delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
AFUR African Utilities Regulators
M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M. M.M.M.M.M.M. M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M. M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M.M
However, there may be a need in a particular case to take various factors into account, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of an agreement governing its relations with the State concerned.
OHCHR looks forward to the generosity of donors, particularly donor Governments, to meet these needs.
The key task remains to rectify the effects of past violence and to remedy current violations while expanding national capacities to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Statistical capacity-building;
The initial results of the Community's work allow us to refer to a rich potential for cooperation between the Community and the International Organization of the United Nations, based on the principles of partnership, participation and complementarity of efforts.
29B.24 Programme planning and budget preparation fall within the Programme Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in that regard.
In the light of those contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the Institute's Trust Fund as at 31 December 2003 would amount to $735,600.
Request for hearing
Variant A
The definition of “electronic signature” corresponds to the definition of that term in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valenta at tel. 1 (212) 963-9684 or 963-9196).
With the exception of sales publications and public information material, hyperlinked official documents listed hereunder may be accessed through the Official Document System of the United Nations in the electronic version of the present Journal.
Ltd (Sudan); LXO = Luxor Air (Egypt); NL = LoneStar Airways (affirmed by the Government of Liberia); Relief = Relief services Ltd (United Kingdom).
Smuggling still accounts for more than 50 per cent of trade.
The illegal looting and levies by affixed security forces, extortion and other bribes undermine any prospect of economic stabilization and can only discourage foreign private investors.
The United Nations should play a more active role in the negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearances of gendarmes would be, according to testimonies received, pure desertation.
The prevalence of HIV/AIDS is increasing and children account for 7 per cent of the infected population.
There is, however, a need for country offices to make better use of lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction
Press conferences
The status of ratification of conventions and the information received on the implementation of action programmes were among the key indicators of progress in combating slavery and slavery-like practices.
The observer for UNICEF outlined the work of UNICEF in the area of child protection.
Calls upon United Nations bodies and agencies to develop and implement codes of conduct prohibiting all forms of sexual exploitation by United Nations personnel, service providers employed by the United Nations and humanitarian workers, and invites non-governmental organizations to do likewise in their field of competence;
Invites States and interested non-governmental organizations to undertake research to achieve a better understanding of the diversion of certain ritual practices with a view to intimidating trafficked women and girls;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African Ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the 1990 session on the improvement and effectiveness of its functioning (CD/1036), the Conference invited the following non-Member States to participate in the work of the Conference: Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Cyprus, Costa Rica, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Georgia, Ghana, Greece, Jordan, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malta, Nepal, Oman, Philippines, Oman, Oman, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Philippines, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Saudi Arabia, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Oman, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Oman, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
I hope that the Ministers will call for accelerated action on all these vital security issues.
There is growing concern about the possible links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.5, A/58/786, A/58/600 and A/58/610)); 120 and 121 (Programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and proposed programme budget for the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (A/58/214, A/58/214/Corr.1);
Encourages countries to submit, on an optional basis, national reports to the review session of the Commission in particular, highlighting concrete progress in implementation, including achievements, difficulties encountered and opportunities;
(d) Efforts to achieve better and more balanced representation of major groups in all regions of the Commission;
The issue of trade-distorting agricultural subsidies was raised and considered a serious obstacle to the achievement of sustainable development objectives.
(b) In 2004-2005, the additional activities to be undertaken include an assessment, assessment and analysis of progress made in achieving the objectives; an inventory of problems and obstacles encountered, as well as opportunities, the use of lessons learned, including the coordination of information received from various sources and capacity-building activities during the sessions of the Commission; the creation and management of a transparent information and communication system; and, lastly, a report containing information and communication information for the purpose of the consideration of partnerships.
This helped to develop teaching materials, train instructors and senior officials, and provide technical and financial support for the organization of training sessions by Cambodian instructors.
The total net amount - excluding the amount of USD 251 432.4 for interest and the amount of USD 172,784,51 for claim preparation costs - claimed for the 380 claims in part one of the sixteenth instalment, which the Panel has decided to claim USD 479,190,4282.
These pilot projects, which will be developed and implemented through international cooperation, will be designed to ensure that regional initiatives undertaken by various agencies or groups of agencies produce synergy.
The Fifth Committee, having considered the statement of programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General3 and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,4 decides to inform the General Assembly that, should it adopt draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.1/Rev.1, an amount of $1,375,600, as indicated below, would be required for the biennium 2004-2005: section 2, Central affairs and $254;
As part of its reception programme, the Government immediately provides shelter, food aid and language services for all returnees, men and women, and is trying to find work, thus making available a number of services to the vulnerable group.
Within the framework of international cooperation, the Government is fully reorganizing its statistical and census centre, with a view to improving data collected and updated data and allowing a breakdown by sex.
There is an increasing literature on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and the increasing number of practical examples of this contribution.
See for example Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraph 5, and CESCR General Comment No. 14, paragraph 3.
Is there any need to reduce duplication in the work of the Committee and of international organizations?
- Local governments, which are charged under the Local Governments Act, annex II, to address the issue of vulnerable children, need to develop their potential more pragmatic;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of developments in net transfers of resources to and from developing countries.
It is important to continue the dialogue initiated in Johannesburg on the issue of debt conversion to investment in ecology and sustainable development.
There have been cases in the past where the meetings of States parties have been considerably delayed or cancelled due to a lack of quorum.
On the occasion of Human Rights Day, the New York Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized several activities to celebrate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the Vienna World Conference on Human Rights and the award of human rights prizes.
It was suggested that efforts should be made to avoid that problem when discussing the provisions of chapter 8 in the light of existing instruments on electronic commerce.
He reiterated that P&I Clubs were in favour of the implementation of the instrument to door-to-door transport and pointed out that if difficulties could arise both with a limited network system and with a uniform system, it was to be noted that the transport industry had, to a large extent, adopted a multimodal transport network system, particularly in the UNCTAD/ICC and COMBICON transport letter.
In response to a question regarding why the draft instrument should apply a default rule in the event of “non-localized damage”, it was reiterated that the bulk of that was to ensure that the liability regime for such damage was foreseeable and assured.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
There will be a briefing on the Youth Employment Network prepared by the Secretary-General, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Youth Employment Network Secretariat, the World Bank and ILO, today, 30 September 2003, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
Compared to the approved posts as at 30 June 2003, the staffing establishment of 223 international staff (1 ASG, 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-4, 74 P-3, 13 P-2/1, 29 Field Service and 74 General Service (Other level)), 537 national staff, including 25 Professional and 207 United Nations Volunteers.
It would be assisted by a secretary (General Service (Other level)) and a driver (national staff).
Ms. Shin asked about the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission on Women's Issues, the Federal Office for Equality between Women and Men and the Swiss Conference of Gender Equality Delegates, and was concerned about the limited resources allocated to the Commission and the Office.
3.
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint programme of work with IAEA to develop a standard by implementing the IAEA Safety Standards Process with the appropriate participation of experts from the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with the procedures and mechanisms of IAEA and the Committee on Reporting.
Option 3
To our very great regret, the United Nations Secretariat has not taken any steps to redeploy United Nations observers in the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait, so that they can carry out the tasks assigned to them by Security Council resolutions.
Primary health care also remains tragically inappropriate in many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations have suffered a setback.
Among them, the National Women's Forum is a permanent, multi-stakeholder and representative dialogue body, enabling women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and orientation of national policies for the full development of women in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat has provided guidance for the legalization of such groups, the training of their members in social organization and capacity-building for leadership, self-esteem and human rights in the departments of Chiquimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
Women's Health Week.
Such collaboration could begin with the holding of an international colloquium to address the various aspects of commercial fraud and the exchange of views among the various stakeholders.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the following non-governmental organization that requested consultative status with UNIDO: World Federation of Free Zones (GEFZA).
In that letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities would seriously consider the adoption of those measures and would shed light on the “microphone” incident.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the action teams that could be taken into account in preparing the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to circulate to the chairpersons of the action teams a model for their contribution to the report of the Committee.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They further noted that the African Union had emerged from the common vision of a united and strong Africa that would enable the African continent to meet the multifaceted challenges that the continent and its populations must face in the light of the social, economic and political transformations taking place in the world.
They stressed that those institutions should resist the efforts of some countries using such conditionalities to defend their own interests.
They called on donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian aid appeals commensurate with the needs of the affected populations, without being influenced by the degree of interest of the media, as well as by the geographical position of the location of the emergency that requires humanitarian assistance.
The investigations carried out thus far in Tunisia indicate that no Tunisian banking institutions or stock operators have funds, financial assets or resources belonging to individuals or entities listed above.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordinating body should be designated within the United Nations system to provide support in this field and the regional commissions of the United Nations should include certain activities,
Convinced that responsibility for road safety lies with local, municipal and national authorities,
Thematic discussion (theme to be decided on the basis of consultations held by the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The proposed amendment to the Money-Laundering Act, which criminalizes acts of terrorism punishable by the Penal Code, will empower the Office to freeze without delay the funds or financial assets of persons or organizations accused of terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is reviewed periodically on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations to the Government of Guinea-Bissau
Dalate County County County and the Ushen County Reforestation Section will host the seminar.
It should ultimately contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations that provide for sustainable land management and eventually translate into qualitative and quantitative improvements in arable land and increased agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and plans of action and in their educational and cultural policies the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, customs and ceremonies of indigenous peoples and their history, vision of the cosmos, their philosophy and values.
The cold-war mentality and the role of nuclear weapons in doctrines of nuclear-weapon States, the current impasse in the Conference on Disarmament, the lack of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, especially the increased risk of nuclear weapons, have created a precarious situation that makes non-nuclear-weapon States absolutely in need of negative security assurances.
Participated in drafting the Convention on the Rights of the Child, under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Women Judges, held in Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998.
Cuba
Consequently, they must be secured by a number of provisions:
- Intellectual property rights;
We cannot afford to leave the Conference in an active manner or to leave it to fester because of the obstacles to go or because our sense of power gives us the chance to fall.
In preparing the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team engaged in dialogue with local chiefs and military units throughout the country.
These officers have effectively integrated the rights and protection of the child in peacekeeping missions.
However, if an agent is reappointed by an organization applying the United Nations common system less than twelve months after his or her separation, any sum to which he or she may be entitled at the end of his or her reappointment under the termination of his or her appointment, repatriation grant or accrued annual leave shall be adjusted in such a manner that the number of months, weeks or days of processing for which he or she has been paid for the month, or days after which he or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or her last month, after his or his or her last month, after his or his or her last month, after his or her last month, has been paid, has been paid, after his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or his or her last month, has been paid leave has been paid, has been paid, has
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council in particular, must act together in this critical period in order to avoid a humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq.
Accordingly, only claims for instalments completed on or after 2 May 1990 fall within the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only amounts relating to the compensable period may be compensated.
The “E2” Panel has defined the scope of military operations and the concept of a threat of military action for the various locations and dates for the losses reported in the claims before it, in order to demarcate the area and the compensable period (“ compensable zone”).
Canada has accepted the Presidency for a period of one year from 1 January 2004, after the end of South Africa's mandate on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will review best practices from recent planning activities and lessons learned to determine whether they could be applied to future operations.
If a new operation was to be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be able to deploy it more quickly than in the past, with the strengthening of the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of the new arrangements for civilian standby staff (as described in sub-items 3 and 4 below).
The maximum deployment period for members of the rapid deployment team will be 90 days after which they will return to their duty station.
An interactive training CD-ROM entitled “Stressing Management” was recently completed and provided to field missions on an experimental basis in December 2002.
Mission training has been strengthened by the establishment of training cells in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET and the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware of the need for a single code of conduct to be applied to all personnel assigned to peacekeeping missions, whether military, civilian or civilian police, even if disciplinary procedures vary according to staff categories.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and the Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, the former Yugoslavia.
Commitment and cooperation are required at the national and international levels to address them.
The lessons learned from ongoing pilot projects show that it is crucial to identify productive activities for which there is a potential demand, whose start-up costs are low and that require skills that persons with disabilities can acquire.
It is thus increasing tension between vulnerability on the one hand and independence on the other, when an independent person is faced with the new need to receive care and depend on others.
After considering the informative and interesting case studies, one participant stressed the need to find a balance between self-regulation and public regulation with a view to promoting genuine transparency.
The search for a structure in which developed and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered necessary by several participants and it was noted that ISAR could play that role.
New York University Stern School of Business
University of Strepthclass
United Nations Decade of Education for Sustainable Development
In accordance with article 15, the deficiencies noted were reported to claimants in order to remedy them.
In the case of a claim, the Panel ascertained that the goods had been delivered to Iraq by the claimant, but was unable to determine precisely whether they had been delivered shortly before or after the date on which the trade embargo imposed by Security Council resolution 661 (1990) came into effect, namely, 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries paid from August 1990 to April 1991 to reduced employees due to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur was grateful for the support provided by a number of United Nations agencies for the preparation of the study.
Similly, only 4 to 7 per cent of these enterprises are headed by women.
- The leaders and officials of companies, institutions and organizations, and all other persons involved in terrorist activities, in particular by financing terrorists or terrorist groups or organizations, by providing or bringing together funds to be used, directly or indirectly, for the commission of terrorist acts or related offences or by engaged in transactions involving funds or other financial assets;
- It signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified it on 12 September 2002, indicating that it exercises jurisdiction over the offences referred to in article 2 of the Convention in cases provided for in article 7, paragraph 2, of the Convention;
The Act, which is not retroactive, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Tax Code (United States Internal Revenue Code) in force as at 31 December 2000.
WCF and its members play a central role, individually and collectively, in helping the GM to fulfil its mandate, as defined in Article 21, paragraph 4, of the Convention, but the prevailing feeling among the stakeholders consulted, including members of the CF, is that the GM has not yet fully fulfilled its role, having so far adopted a favourable attitude.
Finding a niche for the Global Mechanism
curfews continue, but are not as strict as in 2002.
The Bishkek meeting, held on 9 and 10 July 1998, brought together experts from the nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention are guaranteed in a constitution or other laws and, if so, to what extent; or, if not, whether those provisions may be invoked before the courts or administrative authorities and whether they may give effect to them;
(a) Seven members selected by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Control among candidates nominated by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, with due regard to the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded through voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution should be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the Group of African States, and on behalf of the other sponsors, to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti”, which provides an overview of the country's continuing special economic assistance needs.
As for the proportion of vacant posts, it was true that it should not improve significantly in view of the gradual reduction in activities.
Another source of abuse is the billing of defence counsel services.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its 2002 session;
This figure, which is significantly lower than that of 2001, is partly due to increased security concerns arising from the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001, which prompted some major resettlement countries to temporarily restrict their territory.
In 1998, many evidence was handed over to the FBI on this case.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures resulting from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;6
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical investigation — the Government that considered that an investigation was necessary to obtain a clear picture of the situation before taking the necessary measures — assesses the level of awareness of the issue in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the work of the Monitoring Group by providing information or clarification.
Brazilian law enforcement officers had thus been trained at the Regional Intelligence Training School for Drug Control in the Andean Community in Lima.
(9) The proposed regulations also impose restrictions on equipment services on the list and brokering activities.
To that end, she proposed that trade restrictions be imposed with third countries of equipment and products that could be used for purposes of torture or for the infliction of death or other cruel, degrading or inhuman treatment.
It was reported, in relation to the specific cases mentioned in the report, that the port of servants for extended periods of time, either in case of transfer from prison or as a sanction, constitutes a violation of the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (rule 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The texts of the laws cited in this extract can be found on the website at http://www.admin.ch/ch/f/rs/rs.html (23 October 2002).
Under this article, if the Court established, on the basis of evidence provided by a member of the Garda Síochána with at least the rank of commissioner, that a person holds or controls funds that are or may be used to commit an offence of terrorism or the financing of terrorism, or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, it has decided on a motion unless the defendant or any other person has established to its satisfaction.
The “terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Decision, i.e. the structured association of more than two individuals, established in time and acting in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
European economic space, Swiss citizens, and their dependants
Following a request by the British Government in October 2002, to provide detailed information on all their Savings Account holders by 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, Caribbean States members of the Organization of American States decided to cluster the training of specialized social assistants, including drug abuse.
The small island developing States of the Caribbean have been somewhat armed to address these two phenomena and climate variability.
• Identify multinational biological resources and define land and marine areas that need to be protected;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory from being used to plan, organize or execute terrorist crimes or to participate in it, must prevent terrorist elements, individually or in groups, infiltrate and not be infiltrated in its territory and must neither harbour them, nor provide them with refuge or finance, nor allow them to use the national territory to travel to other States.
Some regions north and south of the endemic malaria belt, as well as some mountainous areas in many countries, are threatened by an outbreak of malaria.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors for their valuable support to the Library.
(b) Develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt crusts, including applicable standards for the protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Aware that, at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world is undergoing historic and far-reaching transformations in which the forces of aggressive nationalism and religious and ethnic extremism continue to launch new challenges,
(c)
Lastly, the harmonization of the functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the International Labour Organization Administrative Tribunal should continue, as current disparities make it easier for some international civil servants to refer to an administrative tribunal.
For its part, the administration should follow up on requests for review by the administration of justice, an obligation often lacking.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Goicochea (Cuba) said that, in order to avoid breaking the consensus that her delegation had accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouheddou (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years later, adopted in Rome on 13 June 2002,
This summary was prepared after consultation with other members of the Council.
Aid and guiding principles
It continued to welcome the development of democracy in the Republic of China on Taiwan and hoped that the Chinese people, both sides of the Taiwan Strait, would resolve their differences peacefully.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that item 167 be included in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
d Exchange rate of November 2002.
That supported the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at raising awareness among decision makers and the general public of the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development through the benefits of space research; promoting the increased use of space-related systems and services by the United Nations system and the private sector; and improving the management of the world's natural resources.
Viet Nam is committed to building a strong nation and a prosperous, equitable and democratic society, placing human beings at the heart of its economic and social policies.
After looted the wealth of developing countries, the former colonial Powers were now responsible for the death of 10 children every 7 seconds.
Unfortunately, the occupation authorities have prohibited the Turkish Cypriots from enjoying these benefits while limiting the freedom of expression of the followers of a reunited Cyprus, issued by the occupying forces.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are enshrined in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Round table on microcredit
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power of most forest workers severely inhibits the sliding effect on the poorest workers.
It is anticipated that these activities will accelerate the discovery of new medicines and vaccines.
For several years now, the Conference on Disarmament has not carried out substantive work.
With regard to the protection of refugees, which is part of a whole, the primary challenge is to address the concerns of States so as to take into account the protection of refugees.
National legislation on asylum and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement those obligations in a fair and effective manner are the following stages.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with appreciation the work done, under the guidance of Member States, by the 12 teams established by the Committee at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III and urged Member States to support fully the work of the Committee.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In that context, it should be noted that the Organization of American States proposed that the follow-up meeting at the 6 March meeting be held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully supports the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
More we are doing that, more we see that we still have to do.
Is this not, by definition, terrorism?
(a) The replacement of one or more responsible officials;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and developed in the main instruments of the Declaration on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention against Torture.
A vote was taken by show of hands.
First, emphasis is placed on the quality and availability of health services.
There are 28,52323 women (9.3 per cent) out of 143 teachers.
Some reproductive health objectives included in the Ninth Plan and the Second Long-term Health Plan are presented below (table 8).
As a result, the population is informed and educated to families about women's health, in order to encourage the use of health services through information, education and communication programmes (ECI), with the help of the media, voluntary health workers and health personnel.
All formal credit institutions require tangible guarantees for lending.
The SAARC Summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity in all its history has never faced such a challenge.
Liechtenstein welcomes this development and has participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to report on trafficking in persons and smuggling of migrants.
In Cambodia, the joint efforts of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including people living with HIV/AIDS, attracted attention and recognized by the international community as a result of their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, manufacture, acquisition, transfer, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, to justify their opposition to the elaboration of a convention on remote sensing, argued that resolution 41/65 was still a useful instrument, since it emphasized two principles that they considered to be priority:
Rape has been used with impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terrorize the enemy population.
Ten years ago, violence against women was totally ignored.
States should implement General Assembly resolution 57/179 on measures to eliminate honour crimes against women and the intensification of efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes through legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur calls for the establishment of an ombudsman or other monitoring and discipline mechanism in all peace support operations.
This chapter provides an overview of the obligations of transnational corporations in respect of the right to food under international human rights law.
These are clear violations of the right to food, as well as the deliberate destruction of health schools and posts in many regions, constitute a clear violation of the rights to education and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 2003)1
While the situation of the Georgian economy had improved somewhat in recent years, it remained extremely worrying, with heavy external debt and a real unemployment rate exceeding 12 per cent (official figure).
Accordingly, they doubted that Georgia's failure to pay the amount required under Article 19, and even less its failure to comply with its previous three payment plans, was due to conditions beyond its control.
The Global Programme against Money-Laundering participated in an assessment of offshore financial activities in the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 12 to 22 November 2002.
Interventions planned for 2003 and beyond include improvements in national health and family life planning, strategic planning of the adolescence and youth component of the national HIV/AIDS strategy and support for this component and promotion of a rights-based approach to orphans;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission had adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and took note with appreciation of the report of the Working Group on its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This is the product of your skills and effectiveness — the qualities you have demonstrated throughout your diplomatic career, both in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and here in the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has made efforts over the years to focus on TCDC in its work programme using both regular and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Brunei Police, in close cooperation and coordination with other national law enforcement agencies, is working with States in the region where the exchange of information and other operations can take place in similar conditions.
Since the negotiations on this international instrument were concluded at the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, my delegation has the honour to request that item 108 of the agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “Crime prevention and criminal justice”, be considered in plenary, and only for the draft United Nations convention against corruption to be adopted in time for the Conference.
Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Renewing the United Nations: a reform programme”;
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125]8.
Progressive development of the principles and norms of international law relating to the new international economic order [D.150].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group had resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002 and had again addressed general issues relating to the scope of application of the Convention (see A/CN.9/527, paras.
Paragraph 2
Norway generally supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
The clarity of the efforts of African countries and the support provided by the international community and the United Nations system also makes it easier to understand the gravity of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is indispensable and urgent.
That would also be in line with the interests of the majority of Member States, which lacked sufficient staff resources to examine all the activities of the United Nations in detail.
The first biennial consolidated report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16) informed the Commission on Narcotic Drugs of the decline in world opium production from about 20,000 tons per year at the beginning of the twentieth century to less than one third of that tonnage in 2000.
Africa provided 24 responses (21.4 per cent), the Americas 20 (17.9 per cent), Asia 32 (28.6 per cent), Europe 34 (30 per cent) and Oceania 2 (1.8 per cent).
Financing alternative development and eradication programmes for illicit drug production and resource mobilization
The Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
It is indeed a situation where everyone is losing. In his report, the Secretary-General explains why, in his view, this chance has been missed, and I will not attempt to do so.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory has 14 public primary schools and four public secondary schools.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative of section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries rely mainly on Poverty Reduction Strategy Papers (PRSPs).
The border is thus already determined, further reinforced by Security Council resolution 1507 (2003), which calls on both parties to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The posts reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal structures of Lipljan, Pristina region, have remained vacant, with no qualified candidates having presented.
The Kosovo Serb representatives from five municipalities, namely Kosovo Polje, Lipljan and Obilic (in the Pristina region), Novo Brdo ( Gnjilane region) and Zvecan, Mitrovica region, complained of difficulties in access to judicial institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) economic stability at the national level and in decision-making; (b) commitment and commitment by Governments to address environmental management issues and to promote the prevention and mitigation of the effects of environmental damage, through the advice and assistance of UNEP; and (c) voluntary contributions to the Environment Fund; and (c)
(iii) Technical equipment: a database and an electronic forum on best practices relating to the social and environmental responsibility of Internet-based companies (1); information advisory services (information clearing house) on persistent organic pollutants, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); online database on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction (1); information exchange centre and Global Network on Energy for Sustainable Development (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive socio-economic and political agenda for the continent, and it is for that reason that it must also be addressed from a comprehensive perspective.
Interdependence of democracy and human rights 143
Recognizing the importance of the role of women in the reconciliation process and in the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and exercised without discrimination of any kind;
Recommends the following draft decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Stressing the importance of fully implementing the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS “Global Crisis, Global Action”, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001, at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
“1.
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, with a view to enhancing the rationalization and effectiveness of the Special Rapporteur and in order to facilitate access to the information necessary to carry out her functions, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their possible mechanisms for the promotion of the human rights of women;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, United Nations bodies, programmes and specialized agencies, as well as international and non-governmental organizations to indicate the measures they have taken to promote and implement, as appropriate, the guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights and the present resolution, and to submit an interim report to the General Assembly in consultation with interested parties for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Calls upon States to pay particular attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of minority children, bearing in mind that girls and boys may be exposed to different types of risks;
Welcomes the affirmation by the General Assembly that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous people is one of the main objectives of the Decade, and calls for the early completion of the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee on derogations from the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in times of emergency,
Staff of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to re-establish the rule of law, including by working with international donors to train law enforcement authorities that are sensitive to the protection and protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms and to take steps to improve access to justice, as well as to implement prison reform measures to bring it into line with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43, paragraph 2, of the Convention, bringing the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child from 10 to eighteen members, expressing the hope that the amendment will enable the Committee to carry out the new tasks related to the follow-up to the two Optional Protocols to the Convention and also hoping that the Committee will finish its work late,
(g) To grant the widest possible assistance in any investigation, criminal procedure or extradition proceedings relating to the offences referred to in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including in order to obtain the evidence available and necessary for the purposes of the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
Also at the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally introduced the proposed amendments (E/CN.4/2003/L.77) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.2, which were to be inserted before paragraph 1, two new paragraphs reading as follows:
Discrimination in the criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the amendment (E/CN.4/2003/L.103) proposed in draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.66, sponsored by Cuba.
Subsequently, Eritrea and Malaysia joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised operative paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women are more than men, the age gap and that the status of older women throughout the world must be a priority,
It was understood that if the reimbursement was calculated on the basis of a standard rate, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for expenses incurred by their participation in a United Nations peacekeeping force.
In that connection, he had discussions with the Secretariat to ensure that, in the future, it would be provided in due time with detailed information relevant to the simplified approach.
According to the additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had planned 46 fixed-wing aircraft for 2002/03: 22 helicopters and 24,680 flight hours and 24 fixed-wing aircraft and 39 700 flying hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened at 10 a.m. by Mr. David Anderson, President of the Governing Council at its twenty-first session.
Lastly, he announced that, at the request of UNEP, a consultative committee of judges had been formed to enhance cooperation between UNEP and the judiciary.
By a note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted Member States and received the following proposals in writing:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures constitute one of the main obstacles impeding the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
CO2 equivalent
Often, the “missing churches” are involved in maintaining this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore not in a position to report on the fate or whereabouts of the persons concerned.
The Working Group has already clarified 391, including 318 cases on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 on the basis of information provided by the source.
A small number of cases concerned persons who were allegedly arrested at checkpoints by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000, or abducted by Hizbollah and transferred to the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted another two updated cases on the basis of new information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our appreciation and appreciation to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barthelemy, who, through their dedication and availability, are honoured to the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $796,000 relates to meetings of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender statistics, other measurable aspects of socio-economic life and the application of information technologies;
During that raid, two Palestinians, including a 15-year-old boy, Mohammed Rabie Saber, were killed.
Developments in the peace process
However, between July and September 2002, certain absolutely reprehensible acts committed by the regular armed forces have resulted in the death of a considerable number of civilians, including the elderly, women and children whose responsibility in the conflict was far from proven.
One member from Eastern European States;
Noting that, as some Parties have submitted their notifications late or failed to submit them, and that delays have occurred in the conduct of in-depth reviews, the implementation evaluation has been hindered,
It is expected that their implementation will continue to raise problems in the future, as time will be required to change the financial style and focus on outputs and accomplishments rather than on inputs and planning.
It was regrettable that the goals of the Programme of Action were not generally achieved, thus leaving the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance affecting the lives of millions of people throughout the world.
They can do so in writing at any time.
Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee is concerned that the rights contained in the Covenant are not sufficiently protected with regard to a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party seek international assistance for the effective functioning of the Public Defender's Office.
It also commends the efforts of the State party to make public the results of its discussions with the United Nations human rights treaty bodies, including by making available the consultation of their reports on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and by translating the concluding observations of the treaty bodies into Estonia.
With regard to general comment, he felt that emphasis should be placed on equality between men and women.
Individuals and groups should have full and equal access to information available to public authorities or third parties on water, water services and the environment.
The operation “A package for a peacekeeper” was able to send to peacekeepers on mission in Bosnia and Lebanon 15,000 packages at the time of the end of the year.
Reiterates its call upon the parties to intensify their efforts to take confidence-building measures and to contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Rwanda, Tonga, Uganda.
In particular, a set of documents should be developed:
A collective approach and spirit have emerged.
We will achieve these goals only by facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, raising awareness among populations of the dangers posed by mines, destroying stockpiled mines, facilitating their social reintegration and convincing new States to formally accede to the Convention and comply with its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political necessity of the Ottawa Convention, which is a means of significantly improving the lives of people in many countries seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also presented a synthesis of the evolution of the role of the Special Unit for TCDC and described some of the resulting adjustments in its objectives and organizational structure.
I would be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) Is the accomplice of a person who commits or attempts to commit one such act.
“1.
If the homicide is committed by the perpetrator while carrying a vehicle in a state of quarry, with the effect of drugs or drugs that detain his or her personality or in a situation that compromises or reduces his or her mental, vocal or physical capacity, the sentence of imprisonment that he or she is liable to double the sentence applied in the absence of such circumstances.
Each of the cases reviewed and heard, the Chairman addressed the procurement recommendations for approval by the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) The holding of the nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee in Brazzaville from 14 to 17 May 2003;
Convinced that every effort should be made to contribute in an effective and coordinated manner to meeting the challenge posed by the abduction of anti-personnel mines throughout the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition, the social security courses provided for in the LOECSE are intended for young people entering the labour market without having completed their training.
Social security coverage in the Spanish system
The survivors and separated or divorced spouses are beneficiaries of the pension, or whose marriage has been declared void.
Therefore, the facilitation of access to dignified housing is a principle that must guide public action.
(c) Management and resolution of personalized economic assistance kits related to protected housing and rehabilitation measures;
In those agreements, central and autonomous public administrations retain their respective normative competencies, which they exercise in a concerted manner to realize the cultural purpose of the conventions, which is funded in the proportion or amount awarded.
A solution may be to provide culturally appropriate education and gender awareness to children at the earliest age in order to promote a new culture that promotes common action against HIV/AIDS and improved economic and social conditions for all.
The rule set out in the Barcelona Traction case stems from the general principles of corporate law recognized by civilized nations rather than customary international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule in the Barcelona Traction case have prompted States to use bilateral investment treaties that allow investors to settle their differences with the host State before resorting to ad hoc arbitration tribunals or to the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes established by the Convention for the Settlement of Investment Disputes between States and Nationals of Other States.
Barcelona Traction Authority
In the Delagoa Bay case, the United Kingdom and the United States strongly asserted the existence of such a principle when it intervened to protect their nationals who were shareholders of a Portuguese company to which Portugal itself had caused damage, but the arbitral tribunal seized the dispute had jurisdiction only to determine the amount of compensation to be awarded.
A society cannot change its nationality for the purpose of diplomatic protection by changing its social headquarters, domicile or place of control.
Ibid., p. 2.
“The Court notes from the outset that the complainants do not complain of a violation of their rights as agents of the Fix-Full, such as that of sitting in the General Assembly and voting.
The widest possible mutual legal assistance shall be granted, as far as the relevant laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the requested State Party permit, in connection with investigations, prosecutions and judicial proceedings relating to offences of which a legal person may be held liable in the requesting State Party, in accordance with article [...] [Liability of legal persons] of this Convention.
(c) The full or partial allocation of the value of such proceeds or assets or funds derived from their sale to reduce the multilateral debt of the requesting State Party.
]
Addition proposed by Ukraine.
The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon are as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural youth around the world, FAO also emphasizes, in its programmes, projects and activities, the importance of close family ties and the protection of large family values.
Although the situation of these people has changed somewhat following the recent conflict, some families have been able to return to their homes, resettlement of internally displaced persons remains a major humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional human rights arrangements continues to facilitate efforts on both sides in this field and that there are opportunities for increased cooperation,
Education and diplomas
Publications
- Aspects of the rights of contingent soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Concern was expressed that there were many external factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/OC.263), sent by Inocencio Arias, Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a follow-up progress report following the one submitted by the Government of Saint Lucia on 8 July 2002 pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In that regard, let me repeat it, the capacity of the Secretariat should be strengthened and lessons learned from the success of the expert groups should be learned.
Needless to say, my delegation fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcello Spatafora, who spoke so eloquently on behalf of the European Union.
As I also represent the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan today's debate, I would like to emphasize the decisive and stimulating role played by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: Postgraduate Studies in Political Science at the University of the Sacré-Curise de Milan
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers who have arrived without permission on the island of Christmas, the Coca Islands and the Ashmore Islands have been returned to Nauru and the Isle of Man in Papua New Guinea, where they would be accommodated in detention centres pending a decision on their asylum applications;
Given the signs in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we are confident that the preparatory process will be successful, but also the conference.
As we have stated on many occasions, we fully support the regional approach to the Great Lakes region, hence the importance of an appropriate preparatory process for this international conference.
While the Committee on the Question of Treaties had made some progress, including a list of treaties and instruments for its consideration, various policy issues had made any more difficult progress.
In earlier negotiations under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denktash, under a comprehensive package of measures, had agreed that the size of the Turkish Cypriot State fell within that range.
The concrete results in the field of gender equality do not seem to correspond to the number of measures taken or the political will of the Government of Canada; she would therefore like to know whether the Government has new ideas to move forward.
More comprehensive information was needed on the services to which women had access, on the financing of women's organizations and policies for women, on those responsible for such efforts and on measures taken in cooperation.
OIOS rightly points out that the centres in the seconds need to be managed differently from those in the first place, where access to the Internet and libraries is not problematic.
Ms. Afifi (Morocco) said that it was very important for the Organization to have internal oversight mechanisms to detect irregularities and to recommend solutions.
The importance is to detect these transgressions as soon as possible and to prevent their growth.
The proposed items will be added to the list contained in the report of the Third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.4.2 The vapporated aerosols shall be classified as inflammable, extremely inflammable or inimable in accordance with the following criteria:
The indigenous youth movement highlighted the revitalization of indigenous languages.
It does not comply with any rule and seems to be determined to translate its declared intentions into reality despite international condemnation.
We have also noted that, in defiance of the will of the international community, the construction of an expansionist wall, usurping Palestinian land and preventing the Palestinians from living normally.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the necessary authority to undertake this essential task.
Stressing the importance of education in the promotion of tolerance, which is to accept and respect diversity, and that education, in particular in schools, should contribute effectively to promoting tolerance and the elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 calling for the necessary mechanisms to enable its associate members, including the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories, to participate, subject to the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, in the special sessions of the Assembly for the consideration and appraisal of the implementation of the plans of action of the United Nations world conferences in which those States had originally participated,
The value of an indicator on deposit guarantee mechanisms is easily explained, since the public considers that banks are not companies like others.
One such step has been the creation of an information-gathering system on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization should accept the statute of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Néstor Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
There is a need to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system; we must also strengthen the role of our international Organization as a coordinator of the efforts of the international community in support of affected countries, taking into account the priorities set by the authorities of those States themselves.
The necessary legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities for disaster preparedness and management, including the transfer of military control to civilian control, responsibility for disaster management.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and of UNFPA for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters in New York from 20 to 23 January.
He stressed that full cost recovery was a fundamental requirement of the UNOPS business model.
They wished him a happy retirement.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and curfew in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would enable the programme to exceed its objectives.
It urges them not to recruit children as soldiers or as auxiliary personnel, nor to join them in armed conflict.
Welcomes the success of the pilot project on the development of international broadcasting capacity for the United Nations and endorses the Secretary-General's proposal that the pilot project be an integral part of the activities of the Department;
Welcomes the Secretary-General's proposal to provide the public with free access to the United Nations Official Document System through the connectivity of the United Nations web site, which is to be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Suppl.
On a more encouraging note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group and stressed the need for that to continue.
It was noted that much could be learned from existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Basel Convention website (www.base.int).
At its 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on this agenda item on the basis of the draft contained in the relevant conference room paper, as orally amended.
(a) Undertake and oversee concrete activities of the project on priority areas, in particular the production, movement and environmentally sound management of wastes, as well as the active promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, France, Gabon, Guatemala, India, Ireland, Japan, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Mexico, Russian Federation, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian Arab Republic, Syrian
The French version of the UNGEGN information kit had been published.
The Conference began in plenary its consideration of agenda item 21 (Adoption of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before it continued and adopted the final text of its draft report.
Noting also the essential role of the present United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and the sessions of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During his meeting with local non-governmental organizations, the expert's attention was once again drawn to the need to provide uniforms and training for police officers.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on forest products production, consumption and trade (1); database on forest resources (1); database on assistance to countries with economies in transition in the forest sector (1); maintenance of a web site providing documents on meetings, excerpts of publications and information on activities related to the timber subprogramme (1);
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information on trafficking in children and child prostitution from, among other things, the challenges of children, government ministries, police officers, including the Central Office for the Suppression of Trafficking in Human Beings and the Brigade for the Protection of Minors, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For meetings of the governing bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly adhered to, unless otherwise decided by the participants; if the secretariats are unable to provide pre-session documents in all languages prescribed for reasons beyond their control, they should, on an exceptional basis, submit them provisionally in the form of abridged or analytical summaries in the languages concerned, in accordance with the time required;
Although the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that it did not use the term “official languages”, [signatories] [that is to be emphasized] [that, when the General Assembly of WIPO considered a report entitled “Use of Portuguese as a working language of WIPO” (WO/GA/26/1), at its September-October 2000 session, it recalled the decision of the governing bodies in 1979 to be used in that language.
Such an exercise could be carried out in the context of an inventory of language knowledge of staff who should themselves be included in the periodic data provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or on human resources management.
It is also said that translation times are added to the normal implementation time.
For example, the peer review process of the Development Assistance Committee of the Economic Development Cooperation Organization could be expanded to cover trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed by the Human Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement comprehensive study programmes, including on human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention with a view to changing stereotypical attitudes about the roles of men and women, and in particular to accept the idea that child education is a social responsibility of both mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators to accommodate school dropouts and teenage pregnancy in national fertility surveys had been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that it had expressed in its consideration of the third periodic report concerning the law on the 300-day period imposed on the widow or divorced wife before remarking.
The Committee recommends that the State party take further measures to facilitate reconciliation of family and professional responsibilities and to promote equitable sharing of domestic and family tasks between men and women.
The Committee is concerned that there is no systematic collection of data on violence against women, including domestic violence.
According to the Banking Act (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) A fine of 500,000 dollars, if a legal person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press release on the occasion of the exchange of correspondence relating to the visits of Argentina to South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, in which they stated, inter alia:
The facts and history of the contracts relating to the project were described in paragraphs 304 to 312.
This amount includes (a) USD 2,300,392 for works performed and materials that were allegedly delivered to the project site and (b) USD 1,457,674 for the retention monies that SEOG had retained.
The evidence indicates that the work to which the last decomates are concerned (decomts 47 and 61) was performed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation for the departure of its employees from Iraq, for which the assets of the projects were left unsupervised.
No other deduction was made after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Iraqi Customs authorities never cancelled the remaining part of the fines (IQD 348,000) that they had imposed on the Panel.
In short, the Committee intends to shorten these reports and recommendations, wherever possible, and thus reduce the cost of their translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, with regard to the follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits, the Council must play a central role in monitoring concrete progress towards the various goals set by those conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which heads of State and Government pledged to spare no effort to ensure the entry into force of the Kyoto Protocol and to begin to implement the mandated greenhouse gas emission reductions,
That suggestion had not been accepted, but it was to be hoped that the authors would wish to ask whether a less frequent review would not be sufficient in the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of the Interior and Land Management of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed in the Executive Council to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore intended to provide the Committee with the necessary resources to carry out its tasks.
It cannot be justified in any way that this smuggling is tolerated, whose repercussions are still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to promoting the equitable use of ocean resources and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to follow-up to the Millennium Summit, mention should be made of the Secretary-General's observation in his report that the goals could be achieved if, by 2015, we maintain and increase momentum over the past three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, there can be no more or more noble goal than poverty eradication.
A suspicious death that has not been clarified was recorded in the Mape internment camp, where Liberian combatants seeking refuge in Sierra Leone are detained.
The recovery of heavy weapons began in Mazar-e-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration will start only in early January to allow sufficient time to verify the four divisions in the area, as well as the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers to participate in the operation, two times more than in the Kunduz and Gardez pilot phases.
However, these means should not be available before the beginning of the summer of 2004, when five provincial reconstruction teams in place in the north of the country are expected to move under ISAF command.
Activities for which larger core resources should be allocated include:
UNIFEM strategies
Ten-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on women, peace and security (S/2002/1154); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Experts Assessment on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Role in Peace-building (UNIFEM, 2002); Pas a minute to lose to ending violence against many other initiatives (UNIFEM, 2003)
The Panel finds that these illicit imports of Serbian weapons have dramatically increased the fire power of the Government of Liberia in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations aid agencies currently set up five regional offices in Saclepea, Nimba County, Voinjama (Lofa County), Gbarnga-Phebe (Bong County), Harper ( Maryland County) and Zwedru (Gradeh County) from where they provide humanitarian assistance within the country.
Charles Taylor was exercising control over all industries that benefited, legitimate or illicit, from Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral agencies
The erosion of Islamist groups would be due to the improvement of the economic situation, the opportunities offered by power, social resistance, especially that of the elite calling for freedom and democracy, but also to the action of law enforcement agencies, both and so long as the monquisses seem to have lost their attractiveness to many young people.
There are now, according to the Ministry of Religious Affairs, 11,941 mosques operating, of which 1,840 were being completed and 1,079 were being carried out.
The working papers prepared by the major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report to the Commission on the work of the Energy Committee at its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is intended to achieve the objectives set and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) ESCWA member States will support efforts to encourage the use of information and communication technologies to improve competitiveness and productivity; (b) there will be sufficient infrastructure and applications to support the creation of information networks and connectivity; and (c) Member States will make recommendations to the World Summit.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam was a religion of tolerance; the Shari'a was perfectly compatible with human rights.
In particular, it was intended to identify effective algorithms of filtering and routing of the shooting, since the combination of the problem was high.
In collaboration with Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (United States) and the Imperial College in London, the Museum of Natural History continued to evaluate in situ analysis techniques of parked particles in a rogel de silice.
The major development challenges should be linked to the seized equipment, the orbital and orbital correction system and its guidance, navigation and control elements required for the secure and unpredictable approach to uncontrolled objects.
At least two disillusionations (an Ekran satellite and the interposition of a Tian rocket) occurred in the geostationary orbit, but the corresponding fragments were not registered, meaning that their orbits are unknown.
Item 3.
“The Security Council supports the commitment of the Interim Administration of Afghanistan to eliminate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement the decrees banning opium poppy cultivation, production and transformation, including illicit drug trafficking and drug abuse.
The list of these issues was presented by the sponsor during the UNCTAD meeting held in Bangkok in 2002:
Regional and global approaches are not contradictory but rather complementary and interdependent.
• Regional security expectations
Minimum requirements for medically assisted treatment of drug addicts
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9, 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered quadrennial reports deferred from previous sessions under agenda item 4.
The secretariat would draft a draft letter-holder, to be circulated to the members of the working group.
With regard to content development, emphasis is placed on the design of products and services in languages, materials and presentations that allow for the dissemination and optimal use of products and services by broadcasters and users.
• In order to expand its outreach, the Regional Information Centre will work closely with the resident coordinator offices in countries where there is a need for partnerships with national agencies and organizations, such as United Nations Associations.
Phase 2 ended on 4 February 2002 with the entry into service of the new multilingual system, which fully operated the multilingual capacities of the Lotus Notes environment, allowing users to choose among the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity regarding the right and practice governing custody, the duration of such a guard and access to a lawyer during the latter.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Human Rights Advisory Commission to function in accordance with the Principles relating to the status of national institutions for the promotion and protection of human rights (“Paris Principles”), as contained in General Assembly resolution 48/134.
Information on measures taken by the authorities to prosecute perpetrators of trafficking, as well as more precise information on the number of victims and the number of children who have benefited from protection, repatriation and reintegration measures, should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements and biennial support budget are in full harmony with the four-year clarification period.
Ms. Shin commended Mexico for organizing the first global conference on women in 1975 and early ratification of the Convention and the Optional Protocol.
The equality of men and women is of particular importance in the area of economic and social development.
Accordingly, the objectives of UNISPACE III were:
The Ministry of Justice received requests for registration from more than 100 parties.
Examples of initiatives aimed at strengthening the capacities of LDCs to implement the principles of good governance include the funding of a programme of reforms of local government in the United Republic of Tanzania, the support of the G-8 in the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which includes 34 least developed countries, the participation of Italy in the African Regional Centre for Technical Assistance;
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example, have announced additional debt relief and, in view of the insufficient HIPC Trust Fund reserves, some have decided to increase their contributions to the Fund, and the Government of Morocco announced the cancellation of the debt of African LDCs and the duty-free of their exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his latest report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), as well as the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
Relations with Jakarta have standardized; militia members in West Timor seem to be largely demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to emphasize that, as rightly stated by the Secretary-General, the lasting stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of the Timorese leadership to the rule of law and its continued efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism has been set up at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
The general debate will be broadcast live on the Web and archived for viewing at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity referred to by the Turkish representative is only one — and I here use the terminology of the subordinate European Code of Human Rights-Government, local of Turkey, and nothing else.
The Anti-racist European Football Network is also organizing annually in Monecchiio, Italy, the Cup of the Anti-racist World, a cultural and sporting event that brings together non-European artists and non-traditional traps belonging to communities of migrants.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Panel discussion on “Reducing the risks posed by biological weapons”
Regulation 34
(b) If both spouses are staff members of the Secretariat, one of the members of the couple may benefit from the provisions of subparagraph (a) (i) and (ii) above, then the other may be entitled to the provisions of subparagraph (iii) above if otherwise eligible;
The consideration of this issue resulted in a discussion of measures to increase transparency in the field of small arms and light weapons.
Given the importance of partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, the meeting called for more such initiatives and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II of the Staff Regulations — education grant and special education grant
Annex III
(ii) Matters relating to registries under Article 7, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions of the 2000 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons;
Seriously concerned about discrimination against the girl child and violations of their rights, all things that are often less than boys in terms of education, adequate food and physical and mental health care, which are less than they enjoy the rights, opportunities and benefits of childhood and adolescence, and that they are frequently subjected to various forms of cultural, social, sexual and psychological exploitation,
Stressing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should constitute the norm for the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, and recognizing the importance of the Optional Protocols to the Convention relating to children engaged in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing, ratifying or acceding to the Optional Protocols to the Convention relating to children engaged in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography,3 and urges them to implement them fully;
Convinced that collective action has improved, it believes that all nations in a position to do so should contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
These include data management and mine action standards.
I do not intend to prejudge the intentions of the high-level panel on United Nations reform, but, in my view, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is addressed in peacekeeping mandates and, as appropriate, including.
See, in general, Best Practices in Poverty Reduction: An Analytical Framework, Else Øyer (ed.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, at the earliest possible date of the closure of the session of the Commission, chapter II of the report of the Commission containing summaries of the work of the session, chapter III indicating the points on which the comments of States would be of particular interest to the Commission, and the draft articles adopted on first or second reading;
Upon the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers committed themselves, under the Charter, to ensuring that the Territories under their administration reach an appropriate level of self-government.
The Chairman: If no other delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will proceed to take action on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee shall hold in 2003, within existing resources, at least one session of 10 working days prior to the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
One of the outcomes of the meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation policies and legislation.
A. 7), chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now in urgent need of assistance and support from the international community.
Saint Lucia, which chairs this Assembly, is preparing a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the relevant support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What will be the result of the Indian industries and the emerging industries of poor countries?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that what happened in Iraq — yesterday's atrocities, reconstruction today is a tragic historic event and that the international community must promote that reconstruction and be with us at this time.
He commended the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that although China had not signed it, that had not prevented it from engaging in exchanges and cooperation with the signatory countries.
Of the 250,000 people who have been killed in war-related circumstances since 1989, at least half would be civilian non-combatants.
(f) Facilitate the free movement of people, humanitarian assistance and goods throughout Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In case of a violation of women's rights of any kind in the field of employment, the person concerned has the right to bring the court in accordance with the Code of Civil Procedure.
There are several non-governmental organizations working on family planning issues in Latvia.
Despite these efforts, the Panel has been handicapped in its work by a number of factors, including its low level, the limited operational budget, the division of the country, and the alignment of many press bodies with the positions of either side and the fragmented nature of information infrastructures outside the capital.
Despite that, the Assembly has always been struggling to refute the accusation that it does not fulfil its mandate under the Charter of the United Nations.
It is therefore encouraging — in view of the commitment to complete phase II of the weapons disposal plan by 24 December 2002, to note that the Action Plan for the completion of weapons collection was adopted at the Buka meeting on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key to progress in the peace process, in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998 on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 57/291 of 20 December 2002,
In this case, it is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by an international organization, within its competence and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
Of course, that must be done under the supervision of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): Let me begin by thanking you, Mr. President, for organizing this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that action should be cautious.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal is willing to assist the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, in providing troops and other resources.
Recommendations of the Committee complement the actions of intergovernmental bodies and processes, including at the high-level summits and conferences since the last report in 2001, such as the World Summit on Sustainable Development held in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development held in Monterrey in March 2002.
As a result of their geographical and economic isolation and marginalization, they are often more vulnerable to violence, especially domestic violence, and trafficking.
Africa II Division
A total of 14 countries benefited from assistance equivalent to $4 million.
Council members agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was indispensable, and that Angola should endeavour to resolve particular humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea): Mr. President, thank you for organizing this meeting.
I believe that, from the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly well placed to develop and strengthen the technical capacity of Bougainville to the extent of its technical and other expertise.
With the support of the Yugoslav People's Army, the Serbian forces took control of parts of Western Slavonia and Eastern Slavonia, finally bringing these territories into one State, the “Republicka Krajina”.
Combating desertification is an important element of sustainable development in addition to being an environmental issue.
Such cooperation enables individuals and enterprises in developing countries to connect and attract domestic and foreign investment to build and upgrade productive capacities, thereby increasing the competitive position of the manufacturing sector of developing countries.
For our part, Jordan rejects all evil lies and sinister campaigns aimed at denigrating Arabs and Muslims by labelling them as terrorists.
There is, behind the discussions that took place prior to the war and always fuelled controversy, an acute misunderstanding about the distribution of power in the international arena emerging from the cold war.
The suicide attacks targeting innocent civilians must end, and the occupation of Arab lands must stop.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly regain its primacy in the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council be more visible and relevant to ordinary people.
Stresses the need to establish a transitional administration in Iraq, under United Nations control and governed by the Organization, in order to ensure stability and to create the necessary conditions for lasting peace and respect for human rights.
As for the follow-up to paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future courses would accommodate more participants should be welcomed.
The review process was not intended to renegotiate the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that indicators on policy, whether at the national or international levels, were more difficult to define that indicators for achieving concrete results such as certain types of technical assistance.
As part of the establishment of new mechanisms, the issue of stable flows should be given sufficient attention.
Such mistakes noted in the report, which could seem superficial, were indeed serious and fundamental if they were to be seen in a political context.
He wished to caution the representative in question that, whatever the historical he had chosen to do, he should be careful to compare the tragic events of the holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been exterminated, with the current political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
H. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and admission of observers 29 - 30 7
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, with effect from 1 January 2004:
Assistance provided to developing countries in their multilateral trade negotiations on services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in that area had been recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General transmits to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization in response to Economic and Social Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998, and General Assembly resolution 53/200 of 15 December 1998.
Several ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of leading industrial associations and non-governmental groups also attended.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions have been made with or by natural or legal persons residing in countries that do not cooperate with the International Financial Action Task Force (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, established the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa in Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and at the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, social and economic policies that are environmentally sound, democratic institutions responsive to the needs of people, the supremacy of law, anti-corruption measures, gender equality and an environment conducive to investment are the basis for sustainable development and are essential for the provision of adequate housing as an integral part of the right to life;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is due to the gradual reduction in civilian police strength from 3,055 personnel in July 2004 to 2,195 in June 2005.
The report concluded that the combination of the evaluation based on diverse assessments and a multisectoral approach was fruitful.
Emphasizes that all future and existing peacekeeping missions shall be given equal and non-discriminatory treatment in respect of financial and administrative arrangements;
The officers elected at the thirty-ninth session were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (Oman), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Malev (Belarus), Vice-Chairperson-cum-Rapporteur.
Insolvency proceeding law
I would also like to express our appreciation to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his extremely useful comments on the contribution of the Economic and Social Council to the peace process.
Model provision 51 was approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations at the nineteenth session of the Programme and Budget Committee held recently, the Director-General entrusted the Director-General of the Programme Development and Technical Cooperation Division to further develop the evaluation and to develop appropriate performance indicators.
Prior to its replication in other integrated programmes and the adoption of this combined approach as a UNIDO standard methodology, the indicator framework is currently being piloted in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions to be adopted by the Council
Annex II
The Hydril's claim is for six contracts with INOC for the sale of items to be used on oil fields in Iraq.
Although the basis for such comparisons is not ideal, as has already been mentioned, the evidence that UNIDO assumes a disproportionate responsibility for its management of all VIC buildings is sufficiently convincing.
NEPAD promotes the creation of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations is clearly apparent to the late formulation of a reservation, and therefore the restrictions adopted in the latter case (Guidelines 2.3.1 to 2.3.3) must be applied to the assessment of the scope of reservations, thus reflecting the current practice, including the restrictions adopted in the latter case (Guidelines 2.3.1 to 2.3.3)
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposed a definition of objections taking into account theoretical considerations and the study of practice.
When the landfills are properly sealed, the risk of infiltration of hydrocarbons into the underlying water is infium.
Please describe any legislative and/or administrative measures taken to implement this travel ban.
The procedures for the import and export of arms are addressed in response to questions 22 and 23 and any activity other than those provided for in those procedures is considered to be an offence under the criminal law applicable in the case.
Space-space:
Table 1 provides a list of space systems for sustainable development.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): For 11 years, the United Nations General Assembly has adopted annually resolutions calling on all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and to abide by the principles contained in international legal instruments, by repealing or invalidating all laws and measures with extraterritorial effects, which undermine the sovereignty of other States, the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction.
Castro remains steadfastly opposed to any political openness and continues to deny the Cuban people the most basic rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Asset Disposal Unit would change with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council relating to the question
Upon arrival, at 0910 hours, the Inspectors met with the Director of the warehouses in which they raised questions about the activities carried out at those sites, the type of drugs and diagnostic equipment between the company's structure and the names of its main officials, and asked whether vaccines had been imported and distributed and whether changes had taken place during the previous four years.
A ceiling of 24 per cent and a minimum of 0.01 per cent will be used for the scale of assessments of States Parties for the budget of the Tribunal (see para.
At the Twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was decided that the Tribunal should continue to follow its current practice with regard to staff assessment, pending the adoption of a decision on the basis of a detailed proposal to be submitted by the Tribunal to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the above-mentioned Act provides for separate protection for persons who organize or participate in the strike, provided that the movement is organized in accordance with the rule of law.
Equal access to public higher education allows students who wish to continue their studies to be motivated by positive results from secondary school.
As a result, phenomena such as soil erosion and the extinction of plant and animal species in certain circles (forest, river and lakes) could hinder the harmonious development of Montenegro, which means, by contrast, that the current level of poverty could continue.
The Employment Act was passed in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 on Social Security (Minimum Standards), insured persons who have contributed for less than 20 years of age acquire the right to retire at the age of 65 years for men and 60 years for women, after 15 years of contributions.
See table 18 annexed.
The European Union emphasizes the importance of the rapid deployment of the interposition force/international stabilization force.
Have you met with implementation problems related to the presentation of names and the identification information currently on the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly*
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Limitation of War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity of 26 November 1968 should be able, in that case, to apply fully in the same way as those, when justified, of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have internationally defined safeguards for the protection of children, but they remain unfulfilled.
That attitude should be repudiated by the Security Council, because it is cynical, anachronistic and constitutes an act of violation of the agreed ceasefire and truce.
Concerned about the fate of many Kuwaitis and nationals of third States who have disappeared since 2 August 1990,
(We hope that the principle of gender equality will be implemented.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly
The discussion of this theme today is therefore an absolute necessity and is very much about it.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement in explanation of position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear any objection, I shall put the draft resolution to the vote now.
Under item 117 (b):
The Panel has also reviewed a number of claims for business losses alleged by the claimants as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
b Excludes an amount of USD 2,174,379,83 for business losses suffered by Kuwaiti firms, which will be reviewed by the “E4” Panels in accordance with Governing Council decision 123 of the Governing Council.
Stresses the need to combat a wider acceptance of the international operationalization and realization of the right to development, and calls upon States to formulate the necessary actions and to implement the measures required for the implementation of the right to development as a fundamental human right;
Human rights developments since the signing of the Peace Agreements
That is why the next Government urgently needs to build on the success of police officers, judges, prosecutors and human rights activists whose dedication and courage are the foundation of reform.
There is still no comprehensive global definition of universal human rights obligations that correspond to the right to education.
The truth about the events of Khodjali
This reference to international organizations prompted the inclusion in article 2, paragraph 1 (i), of the following definition for the purposes of the Convention:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered the progress and introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 ( Introduction)).
In order to address the new priorities, it was first necessary to identify obsolete activities.
Agenda items 1200, 121 and 161
Elections were held in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly, which established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of 1983, which currently regulates the institutional life of the nation.
Decisions concerning the next meeting of the Committee on Budget and Finance, including dates and venue.
Improving and modernizing the conference facilities of the United Nations Office at Nairobi so that the Office can adequately accommodate important meetings and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance of the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and embodied in the International Covenants on Human Rights and in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “National research on space debris, the safety of space objects with nuclear power sources and the problems relating to their collision with space debris” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on “Perspects for the use of nuclear power sources in outer space” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.265/Add.1).
Space object function: The satellite is used for commercial telecommunications and defence purposes.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet done so to impose on financial institutions the necessary comprehensive programmes in the field of precautionary and vigilance that can promote transparency and prevent the placement of illicitly acquired funds;
We highly appreciate the initiative of the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global assessment mechanism for the marine environment, which is based on a previous General Assembly resolution, resolution 57/141, and the report of this year of the Secretary-General, which is now resumed in draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a transparent and regular inter-agency cooperation and coordination mechanism within the United Nations system to fill the vacuum left by the abolition of the Subcommittee on Oceans and Coastal Areas.
By ratifying the Convention, we affirmed our faith in the implementation of the rule of law to the oceans of the world.
The results of the project, including specific recommendations on minimizing risks to biodiversity resulting from mining activities to the oceans, will be transmitted by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the increase in the base/floor salary scale, the Committee noted that the issue of possible changes to staff assessment rates to address imbalances in the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the United Nations Secretariat, which had indicated that no immediate change was required.
On 20 September, an arbitrary arrest of members of a humanitarian commission composed of non-governmental organizations, women workers and the Office of the Ombudsman of the Valle del Cauca was reportedly carried out in Cali to support the march of the farmers in the Caucasus.
It is worth mentioning the adoption of Act No. 747 of 2002 which, inter alia, makes trafficking a criminal offence.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda* Coordination, programme and other questions: United Nations Information and Communication Technologies Task Force
Such support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute to poverty reduction in the long term.
The experience of the United Nations itself shows that, in most cases, the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is shaped by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of conflict resolution.
In addition, disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes for ex-combatants must be implemented, combating arms trafficking, especially small arms and light weapons, ensuring the return of refugees and internally displaced persons to their countries and promoting human rights.
However, at this stage of our discussion, I would like to make a few remarks, and first to comment on the evolution of the Council's work in time.
It is sufficient to examine some of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from post-conflict to another.
Before addressing the role of the United Nations in overcoming these conflicts, I would like to make a comment on those conflicts themselves.
We firmly believe that, in order to be credible and effective, the Council must enjoy the full confidence and support of the international community.
He also emphasized that the Charter should be the basis for ensuring the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network has demonstrated how various partners of the international community can work together to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for lead countries of the Youth Employment Network*
Opening of the session
The travaux préparatoires shall indicate, with regard to paragraph 2 (a) of that article, that a State Party may choose to establish procedures to recognize and enforce a foreign decision to freeze or seize, or to rely on such a decision to seek freezing or seizure from its own authorities.
Governments have used security legislation to justify censorship of certain human rights information and to retaliate against defenders.
Impact estimation: Several Parties provided an estimate of the effects of different transport sector policies (Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, the European Community, Estonia, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom).
Policies and measures with broader objectives than climate change are the most commonly reported policies in the agriculture sector.
Policies and measures to combat the emissions of CH4 from the fermentation of animal origin have been focused on reducing the number of cattle by reducing the number of national livestock and intensifying cultural practices, combined with an increase in yields per head, reducing porcin livestock (Belgium), reducing livestock livestock livestock (Slovakia) and research programmes specifically aimed at reducing N4 means of study.
The 2003 special session on the UNICEF Executive Board budget will be held on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth network, which relates to renewable energy sources, should be established before the end of 2003.
These networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
Contemporary language offers terms such as “real time” or “Internet fatigue”, as if any delay in the transmission and processing of the information removed any reality to it, or in any event the devalorie was seriously depval.
All countries that measure certain economic functions share a common focus on the fact that the function is within the enterprise or is carried out between several firms.
Many of the measures that have been taken over the past few years have been impossible without the progress made in terms of concepts and definitions by the practitioners of the OECD Working Group on Indicators for the Information Society.
Lastly, the Secretariat would need to indicate the share of extrabudgetary resources allocated to each of the chapters considered in the previous four bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi) with the following paragraph:
In Ghana, the HIV/AIDS prevalence rate of 3.4 per cent has not declined over the past two years, although it is lower than that of other countries in the West Africa region, where rates range from 5 per cent to 11 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific in terms of commitments and expenditures.
In that context, it is gratifying to recall our commitment to set in Tunisia, since the change of 7 November 1987, and which identified, among the priorities, the integration of human rights, in their various dimensions and in their overall vision, including the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The hegemonic ambitions require the smaller countries of the region to make high military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, the Iraqi people began to recover with the help of their allies and friends and looked forward to the assistance of the international community, under the aegis of the United Nations.
If the table does not show any precautionary factor for a particular source category, a factor applicable to a category with similar characteristics should be used.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Replace paragraph 3 with the following:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect the human rights of all persons everywhere;
Decides to continue its consideration of the question at its sixtieth session under the agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms anywhere in the world”.
We also welcome the appointment of Mr. Jacques Klein as Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
From that point of view, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet achieved the level of economic and social development, but also political, which would enable it to consider the problem of final status in an immediate horizon.
In particular, the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Kosovo Assembly is a good sign.
Such a transfer is of crucial importance.
In Kosovo, therefore, much work remains to be done.
The continuation of the Kosovo Protection Corps in that form could destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of post structure in the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the scenario proposed by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by the United Nations under a lease agreement upon the expiration of which it would become the owner of the building and the land on which it would be built;
Decides to further consider conference services and support services to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003, in the light of the Security Council's review of the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
There is increasing emphasis on firms to report on their impact on society and how they manage them.
The text of his statement on the remaining five reports, covering the entire system, will be made available to delegations in due time.
One of the areas of activity that have changed dramatically in recent years is the preparation of documents for ship crews.
Section III of the Penal Code, entitled “Criminal offences against individual freedom”, provides, in article 151, that anyone who deprives others of his or her liberty by unlawful means shall be punishable by six months to three years' imprisonment; if the act includes the use of threat, abuse or grievance, or if committed by means of vengeance or gain, it is punishable by imprisonment of 15 years or by serious health injury.
Different regulations and laws apply to each component of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, to the extent possible, the names of individuals or entities associated with Osama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida who are not included in the list, unless disclosure of such information undermines investigations or enforcement measures.
The main strategic engagement of South Africa in the Middle East conflict, as clearly demonstrated by the presidential peace seminar in Spier, relates to the strengthening of peace camps in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of South Africa's experience with a wide range of civil society and with the Governments of Israel and the Palestinian people; the contribution to the reform process in Palestine and support for international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the military component of MINURCA was completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative personnel had to leave the Mission area at that time, in accordance with the wishes expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to contacted sources, approximately 60 per cent of the Liberian territory was under rebel control;
United States of America
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community committed itself to sharing the responsibility for reducing the social and ecological vulnerability of the region (the main challenge); to rebuild and transform Central America in accordance with the integrated principles of transparency and good governance; to consolidate democracy and good governance; to strengthen the decentralization process, with the active participation of civil society; to promote respect for human rights (permanent objective) with special attention to ethnic equality and gender equality.
During the reporting period, the Council has thus considered many issues of major concern for the maintenance of international peace and security in Europe, Asia, particularly in the Middle East, Oceania and, in particular, in Africa.
With regard to security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that sporadic fighting in the north, south-east and to a lesser extent in the west of the country constituted threats.
They called for the expansion of the membership of the Security Council so that it can regain legitimacy, be more representative of the state of world geopolitical and better reflect it.
I have the honour to refer to your letter to President Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 concerning the request of Judge Navanethem Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to extend his mandate to the Tribunal until the so-called Media case, which should not go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention paid to the situation of women and girls and the integration of a gender perspective into the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of the major conferences, special sessions and summits, as well as in the follow-up thereto, and reaffirming its commitment to build on the progress achieved,
In accordance with the rotation established by the Commission, the Chairperson of the Commission at its twelfth session should come from the Group of Eastern European States, and the Rapporteur of the African Group.
The Committee recommends against this post for the reasons set out in the general report.
Ms. Acar said that the Committee's concern about raising the age of marriage for family reunification was a necessary consequence of its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether special measures had been taken, such as child care and separate classes, to encourage immigrant women to attend Danish courses.
Over the past two decades, governance has become a concern for developed countries as well as developing countries, especially as they are all facing the same types of problems in the beginning of the century, although there are different dimensions of corruption, constitutional crisis, economic stagnation, ethnic conflict and growing crime.
Organization of work of the session
Requests the administering Power to cooperate in the development of programmes specifically aimed at promoting sustainable economic activities and enterprises, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
LEETED DATED 23 OCTOBER 2003, issued at the Secretary-General of the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties on 18 SEPTEMBER 2003 (EACCORD OF GARIEDEED INDIES AND CONTEMENTERATION INTORIES TO THE INTERNATIONAL COMPERSONS TO THE INTERNATIONAL COMPERSONS
Stresses the importance of simplification and harmonization of reporting requests by the United Nations system to Member States and urges relevant United Nations agencies and bodies to adopt, in consultation with Member States, simplified and harmonized methodologies and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and upon request, in the preparation of reports based on national data and statistics;
“The Government of India had previously instructed the Karnataka State to leave pending the order to leave the country with respect to the father François Marie Godest.
Technology had a role to play in expanding access to information, in particular geographic information systems, which, in the form of databases and software tools, could improve access to information for planning, logistics (e.g. evacuation routes) and other purposes, enable understanding and forecasting of phenomena and solutions to problems in geographical space, and facilitate public participation.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now have the pleasure to deliver the words I am convinced that we have now concluded our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
Since December, I have conducted a number of bilateral, group and open-ended consultations in Geneva and New York.
The view was expressed that liberal policies against cannabis abuse were not only a threat to public health but also opposed the efforts of developing countries, which were making considerable efforts and resources to reduce cannabis cultivation in their territories.
- In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Office engaged in several public debates and consultations on legislative reforms relating to the status of women in Guyana.
Since the inception of the system in 1993, 47 young girls have benefited from this fund.
The first promotion of 116 teacher students is expected to graduate in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector are increasing life expectancy for all Guyana, reducing disparities among social groups, improving access to care and quality of care, and ensuring that health services are provided at affordable cost.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations on judicial remedies, including a bill to hold lawyers accountable to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary steps to promote and expand cooperation and coordination between the secretariats of the two organizations so as to enable them to be better able to achieve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, participants highlighted in particular the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
The distance learning programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations were working with the staff of various ministries and departments involved in combating AIDS and lessons learned from experience were then disseminated across countries.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that he associated himself with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department suggests that the problem could be solved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 to 57/128 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) Sharing of information among law enforcement agencies in sensitive areas or disputed border areas; joint border control and customs control activities;
This form of integration was emphasized in the commitments made by the Copenhagen Summit and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme State Control Body monitors the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of State funds by the central and local government bodies, as well as the economic activities of legal entities whose State has more than half of the shares or actions (arts.
Having also considered the letter from the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council of 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, annexed thereto,
If necessary, it would also monitor operational, financial and personnel issues relating to MINUGUA.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Missiles”.
Those who ordered and committed those crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nicanor Duarte Frutos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan reported that it had concluded bilateral extradition treaties with 27 States, which included terrorist acts defined as extraterritorial offences, and reported that more than 450 alleged terrorists had been extradited under those treaties.
These activities are being carried out with the Commonwealth Secretariat in drafting legislative guides with the Organization of American States to support the activities of the Office in Haiti and with OSCE.
Thematic communications campaigns
A senior official of the Department visited Brussels in June to review the preliminary provisions with competent officials of the Belgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed centre site.
The meeting provided a useful opportunity to exchange views among staff of the Department of Public Information working at Headquarters and their colleagues in the field, as well as several external guests, on how to manage the transition from the regionalization concept to its implementation.
The official position of the Organization on issues that make the major titles is communicated by the Office of the Spokesman through press briefings, official statements, interviews and briefings.
A person who spends livestock grazing or other presumptions without the permission of her own owners, or grasslands surrounding forests that provide water villages, even belonging to individuals, is sentenced to 6 to 18 months in prison.
The average vacancy rates for the Professional and higher categories in several budget sections (5 16, 19 and 22) were higher than budgeted rates, including delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, separations and temporary allocations to higher posts (A/58/558, para.
Under the Penal Code, “recruitment” means that a third party is required to act, which is not in itself punishable by law.
There are, in Swiss law, numerous criminal norms applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (annex 1 to Switzerland's first report of 19 December 2001 contains a list of such offences).
On 1 January 2002, the law to improve the protection of civil courts in cases of undesirable acts of violence and sexual imprest, as well as to facilitate the allocation of marital housing in case of separation (Gesetz zur Verbeserung des zivilgerichtlichen Schutzesbei Gewalttten und Nachstellungen song der Übernung)
This applies only if the person was insured to the Federal Employment Service before receiving maternity benefits or first raising children, or in cases where unemployment or unemployment assistance has ceased to be paid.
A balanced participation of women and men in the political machinery has not yet been achieved.
• In addition, in view of the growing number of divorces, women are no longer able to rely on the survivors' pension.
Part II contains a description of the measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this area, the Federal Government's plan of action includes a series of measures to improve the situation of data by reorganizing the criminal statistics of the police and conducting a representative investigation into violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children, held in Yokohama in December 2001, it became evident that there was greater awareness of the problems of sexual exploitation of children and that many measures had been taken.
This decision aims to prevent and combat the production, processing, distribution and possession of child pornography on the Internet.
- Offenders - differentiation rather than generalization;
6.4 Judicial procedures initiated in respect of German citizens who committed sexual violence abroad
The earlier regulations on the right of custody and the right of visits did not provide for the right to custody of unmarried parents.
- Manual for Municipal Equality in Saxe Activities, prepared by the Ministry of State for the Equality of Women and Men (axis);
- Obligation of all land and local authorities, as well as other legal persons subject to the supervision of the Free Tax State under the Act, to work for the equal participation of women and men (Section 15 of the SächsFG Act on the Advancement of Women (SächsFG) of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of the SächsGVBI), p. 1.
Social assistance, civil engagement
Gleichberechtigungskonzet “ Konzept für die Förderung der gleichberechtigen Better Betiligung von Frauen und Männnern among Entwicklungsprozess”
The only solution to the Middle East crisis, which is becoming increasingly serious in recent times, is the implementation of the Quartet's road map, as has been said, of the rest, in the Quartet Declaration at its last meeting in New York.
The issue before us highlights the fragility of the situation and the importance of a more comprehensive peace agreement for the entire region of the Middle East.
Article 8
The Permanent Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as in the last two years, the discussion, instead of focusing on the annual theme, would focus on the High Commissioner's introductory statement.
Programme, administrative and financial matters
Since 1997 Member of the International Association of Prosecutors and Prosecution.
These measures should enable the tracing and monitoring of firearms owners.
Women and girls who are victims of trafficking are subjected to violence and are seriously violated.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibn Chambas Executive Secretary
Moreover, since the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular staff from the scope of the study, the logic of excluding officials of international organizations.
Administrative and financial questions 49 - 50 15
Consultation with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not fail and that we will have the political will to move forward, as called for by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/227 entitled “Supplementary measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic, social and related fields”.
We also join previous speakers in thanking the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields” (A/58/359).
The National Policy and Strategy for Malaria Control was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to involve local governments, civil society and the private sector in the design and implementation of road safety policies.
It could also consider the possibility of implementing the Secretary-General's proposals, contained in his report to the Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and of setting up an ad hoc informal working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss measures for the peaceful settlement of disputes that may be implemented in the case of conflicts already brought to the attention of the Council or which will be brought to the Council at short notice.
When the Security Council will be able to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, in order to put an end to war and to promote peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of regional peace and security, the international community will undoubtedly be able to invest greater hope in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
That balance must be said, given the primary responsibility to the parties themselves, even if they can call for external intervention to help them resolve their differences.
We must vigorously reaffirm our adherence to the rule of law in relations between States and thus to the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of jurisdictional channels.
(a) Take measures to protect students from violence, injury or abuse, including sexual violence and intimidation in schools, to establish complaints mechanisms that are accessible to children, and to investigate thoroughly all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit to the Council, by 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), including:
In addition, the Council is reviewing the system of division of responsibilities, which has served as an inter-agency coordination mechanism following the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-Chairman, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem closely related to other global problems that are at the heart of the Organization's mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, as well as each party to an armed conflict, marks, removes, removes or destroys explosive remnants of war in the affected territories under its control.
Welcoming the continuing cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and other organizations working in the field of competition law and policy, and in particular the commitment made at the Fourth WTO Ministerial Conference in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Awais
The deployment of MINURCA is proceeding satisfactorily, with a first group of 26 liaison officers arriving in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new communication strategy is being developed in preparation for the World Summit on the Information Society to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The involvement of the United Nations system in East Timor has been particularly interesting and lessons learned if we are to confirm the positive results and to avoid the recurrence of dysfunctions in the future.
The work started in May 2000 and the document was distributed in November following; the overall framework had been prepared and approved by UNTAET.
Albania*, Algeria, Andorra*, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh*, Belarus*, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina*, Brazil, Bulgaria*, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus*, Czech Republic*, Denmark*, Czech Republic*, Ecuador*, Finland*, France, Georgia*, Germany, Greece*, Guatemala, Hungary*, Iceland*, Italy*, Japan, Liechtenstein*, Luxembourg*, Malta*, Mexico, Nicaragua*, New Zealand*, Norway*, Panama*, Philippines*, Poland, Portugal*, Romania*, Russian Federation, South Africa, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, South Africa*, Slovakia*, Slovakia*, Slovakia*, Slovakia*, Slovakia*, Slovakia*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Slovakia*, Slovakia*, Slovakia*, Spain*, Spain*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Sweden*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Sweden*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Netherlands*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Syrian Arab Republic of South Africa*, Switzerland*, Sweden*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Switzerland*, Syrian Arab Republic of South Africa*, Syrian Arab Republic of South Africa
In the preamble to that instrument, the States parties express their determination “to stop the suffering and loss of life caused by anti-personnel mines that kill or maim hundreds of people every week, mostly innocent and defenceless civilians, in particular children, impede economic development and reconstruction, prevent the repatriation of refugees and internally displaced persons, and have other grave consequences for years after their establishment”.
Allow me to thank all delegations for encouraging me in my efforts and consultations, and I would also like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and all members of the secretariat for their effective cooperation.
It was in that context that the close links between man-portable air defence systems and small arms and light weapons had been examined.
We call on coalition forces to achieve that essential goal and to intensify coordination with relevant international bodies and institutions in order to enable the country to return to normality.
That initiative called for the establishment of an international tertiary education fund in Iraq to provide immediate and long-term assistance for the rehabilitation of tertiary education in our country, Iraq.
We have taken note of the Secretary-General's call for institutional reform by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this theme will, in fact, depend on the degree of objectivity of our approach and the realism of the proposed measures.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has declined, their role in national strategies in some countries has not been drastically reduced.
I firmly believe that for all East Asian countries, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and we all believe that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interests of any East Asian country.
Mr. PETÖCZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Eastern European Group, said that the Group supported that idea.
First, the analysis of Security Council resolutions, unilateral declarations by nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones indicates that security assurances are generally accompanied by reservations by nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDERS (Netherlands): Mr. President, although this meeting is already the last President, I believe that it is the first time that I have taken the floor since assuming that office.
Stresses the importance of developing the human resources and institutional capacities of indigenous people to find solutions to their problems;
It reviews and approves the financial statements and the reports on the audit of those statements transmitted to it by the Committee on Budget and Finance, together with the comments it deems appropriate.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial provisions.
It is also important to emphasize that the current level of aid is insufficient.
In our view, at this stage, it is important that national mine action strategies be put in place to ensure an effective decision-making process on short-, medium- and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has founded the Lebanese National Demining Office and has, with the assistance of the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, established the Mine Action Coordination Centre in southern Lebanon.
We can do so through a protocol annexed to the Convention and take into account the security interests of countries while helping to eliminate old mines, which, like new ones, destroy lives and property and hinder efforts to end desertification, achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In June 2003, pledges to the Fund amounted to only $4.7 billion, while the estimated overall expenditure was about $10.5 billion a year to effectively implement prevention, treatment, care and support programmes.
Country offices
Credit line - similar to those contained in the UNDP, UNFPA and UNICEF Financial Regulations
In its consideration of agenda items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of the child), 115 (Elimination of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will provide for dialogue among its members and special rapporteurs and representatives who will report on their activities.
The world today has about 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
While conventions on the need to respect human rights were essential instruments, it was also necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Panel endorses this decision and fixed 2 August 1990 as the date of loss for category “C” Palestinian late claims.
Recognizing that domestic violence against women involves human rights,
Owing to their separate legal structures, the role of the specialized agencies in technical cooperation has not been addressed.
Such simplicity has a price, namely an arbitrary measure and the damage to details.
Why are so many agencies involved in technical cooperation?
It has taken the initiative to support coordination of gender issues.
(b) Its resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “An Agenda for Peace: Preventive Diplomacy and related matters”, its resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1993 entitled “An Agenda for Peace”, in particular section IV entitled “Special economic problems arising from the implementation of preventive or coercive measures”, and its resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997 entitled “Supplement to an Agenda for Peace”, in particular annex II entitled “Question of United Nations sanctions”,
The building and development of democracy and the approach taken by the United Nations system on this issue must take into account the fact that there is, in fact, no single-cut solution to achieve democracy.
In that statement, the Secretary-General affirmed the considerable importance of the culture of peace, and the attention to it should be given to this universal Organization, not just one of its specialized agencies.
In that context, the observance of the International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-violence for the Children of the World, 2001-2010, is more than an altruistic aspiration of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the goals set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, as well as in the outcome document of the World Food Summit: five years later, in which the commitment to eradicate hunger is renewed,
Stressing the need for industrial transformation of commodity production in developing countries, in particular in Africa and the least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and stabilize and increase their export earnings, thereby promoting sustainable economic growth and integration into the global economy,
Accordingly, I appointed Mr. Parker as a permanent judge of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia from 4 December 2003 for the remainder of Mr. David Hunt's term of office, i.e., until 16 November 2005.
This Programme of Action remains a landmark year in the evolution of the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations wishes to point out that, in the view of the Government of Colombia, operative paragraph 2 of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requested the Conference on Disarmament to consider the formulation of principles that could serve as a framework for regional agreements on conventional arms control, could enable the Conference to resume part of its activities and overcome its impasse over the past three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on Territorial Asylum of the Organization of American States, OAS Convention on Diplomatic Asylum, United Nations Declaration on Territorial Asylum.
Its effects go far beyond borders, and international cooperation is absolutely indispensable.
It is up to the Third Committee, which is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that this programme is understood and translated into reality.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to enter into commitments for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003 for an amount not exceeding 12 million dollars to be met from the cumulative balance of the Special Account for the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission;
The Special Rapporteur intends to submit a final report in 2004 to address these two issues so that the first reading can be completed during the same session.
The Equal Opportunities Commission and the Equal Opportunities Fund were established with a view to establishing cooperation with the private sector on all issues relating to women's employment.
The use of these target summaries would be flexible, voluntary and based on available data.
For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it a note by the secretariat on information exchange: establishment of an electronic clearing house (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In that connection, future workshops could also consider an exchange between restricted groups of participants from industrialized countries, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
He also referred to the various technical assistance projects supported by the Commission, including the INFOCAP network, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on national profiles.
Items on the provisional agenda of regular meetings
Quorum in open-ended subsidiary bodies
The communication may include suggestions on solutions that the Party considers most appropriate in the present case;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims corrections
Norway calls upon all countries to agree on a modus operandi to alleviate and protect the victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and to strengthen their national efforts in parallel with international efforts.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on item 115 (a) and (b) said that, in terms of principles, her country believed, like the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression (A/CONF.189/PC.2/24), that the Internet was a unique tool for promoting human rights, it was to be recognized that, in practice, the Internet did not have a positive impact on new technologies.
The best way to reach consensus on guiding principles is to consult with Governments.
Mr. Paul Krugman, School of Public and International Affairs, Princeton University; Mr. Jagdish Bhagwati, Professor of Economics and Assistant Professor of the Chair Arthur Lehman, Columbia University; Mr. Manuel Orozco, Project Manager of Central America for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Ouedraogo, League of consumers of Burkina Faso, will make presentations.
Information on workshops and training courses on combating international terrorism-related crime
Moreover, it is not clear how macroeconomic and structural reforms required in the process of poverty reduction strategies affect poverty and social conditions.
That is why new solutions continue to be considered with a view to rapidly increasing international liquidity when required by various means, including the temporary allocation of special drawing rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with those decisions, Her Majesty no longer chairs the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, who is rotated annually, is now the Head of Government and, in fact, the Prime Minister.
Government agencies in Bhutan are obliged to recognize that women constitute a significant part of the population they target and therefore need to design, implement and continue to administer services tailored to the specific needs of women and men.
This is mainly due to the development of primary education and the fact that school institutions are better able to retain their students.
Cross-sectoral task forces have been tasked to address the growing threat of HIV/AIDS at the national level.
Many men welcome the increased number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another limited study on women's participation in financial decision-making, 27 per cent of women interviewed reported that they were only involved in financial lending decisions, while 14 per cent took joint decisions with their husbands.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has taken initiatives to improve the capacity of public sector staff in many countries, providing advice, upon request, on public service reform.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established Iraq's liability for losses arising from Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
The Panel finds this rate also applicable to claims for loss of funds, which are similar.
See also the decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph 79 of the E2(7) report, paragraph 71 of the E2(11 report; and paragraph 89 of the E2(13).
E2(3) report, paragraphs 97-99.
Report of the United Kingdom on the achievement of the goals and objectives of the 1995 Middle East resolution
Pursuant to article 8, paragraph 1, of the Extradition Act, persons who have committed terrorist acts, even if they are considered political crimes, may be extradited.
What are our goals?
The Secretary-General's report reminds us that the situation in Iraq is fraught with challenges that are real challenges, and we call upon all of us here and now the international community, calling on the coalition.
The establishment of a robust civil society will be essential for the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like, on behalf of my Government, to reiterate its deep appreciation to the Council mission and to the Council in its entirety for its willingness to find answers to complex issues facing our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other United Nations system coordination mechanisms.
- Support for associations and organizations working to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The 10-month programme, including five months of theoretical education in Madrid and four and a half months of practical education in organizations of developing countries, is also planned for an evaluation phase in Madrid.
These groups are young people aged 16 to 30 years, women employed in occupations deemed to be male, over 45 years old, unemployed persons who have been registered for 6 months or more and workers who, at the time of the conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same company under an indefinite or fixed-term contract prior to 31 December 2003, including for training contracts.
It is in the 25-29 age group that daily tobacco consumption among women is the largest.
This improvement, however, is less marked among women (37, 5 per cent of long-term unemployed women) than men (55,36 per cent).
Members of permanent missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress achieved through the creation and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic fact remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, in the most cynical and cruel manner, anywhere in the world.
This meeting is the first public meeting of the Security Council in 2003, a full year of challenges I am convinced that the Council will be ready to meet.
We will resolutely join all efforts to ensure compliance with international agreements in this area.
These areas are often areas of lawlessness.
Activities to implement the request
- Over 150,000 houses or apartments (total of 23,570,000 square kilometres) were looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the accounts of the Organization were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The Computer Model for Feasibility Analysis and Evaluation (COMFAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programme framework and the strategic directions of the Organization for South-South cooperation, as well as the thematic initiatives taken by the Organization, including trade facilitation, rural energy for productive purposes and rehabilitation and reconstruction of the emerging crisis industry,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that the rapid evolution of socio-economic conditions, cultural, individual and social factors and the supply of illicit drugs have exacerbated the problem of the use of psychoactive substances globally,
In view of the ambiguity in the English title of the topic, the Commission decided to continue to take as a working assumption that the topic concerned “activities” and to postpone any formal amendment to the title.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the heading “United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace resource requirements (before recosting): $300 500 per resource requirements (before recosting): $364,200
The Commission asked the Government to indicate whether it intended to amend the relevant provisions of the above-mentioned laws in order to include the principle referred to in the Convention.
These decisions were taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, including the weekly meetings on economic issues and senior officials of Iraqi public institutions, and the initial budget proposals were prepared by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are indeed enormous benefits for the Iraqi people.
The percentage of Afghan women employed by UNHCR increased from practically zero at the beginning of 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme, and 36 per cent of all national protection staff.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers of Defence and Security in September should complete the formation of the Government of National Reconciliation and thus remove an important obstacle in the peace process.
It should be noted, however, that article 53 of the Constitution stipulates that the President of the Republic may delegate certain powers to the members of the Government.
Beyond what we divide us, we have, in the face of these threats, a collective responsibility to regain the unity of the international community.
We have initiated consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the current oil-for-food programme to ensure the continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicines in Iraq.
The programme of work continues to be reviewed by my authorities, and we reserve the right to give our views on the programme as soon as it is completed.
If a Party considered that it needed assistance to stop methyl bromide consumption to stabilize the dates, it could remind the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming its work by consensus,
(i) 68,0 ODP tonnes in 2004;
All unloading operations should take place on intended locations reserved for authorized personnel.
The financial mechanism has been established in accordance with Article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to provide financial and technical cooperation to Parties operating under paragraph 1 of Article 5 to enable them to comply with the regulatory measures provided for in Articles 2A to 2E and Article 2I or any other regulatory measures set out in Articles 2F to 2H pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 1 bis of the Protocol.
Law enforcement officers also participated in training programmes abroad.
Some States reported that they were also using telephone, telex and postal services.
(3) The party seeking to enforce an interim measure of protection shall promptly inform the court of any annulment, suspension or amendment to that measure.
Suggestions to improve the wording of the text in square brackets were made, including that the court could suspend the enforcement proceedings until the parties had the opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties had been given due notice.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be given a more visible and important role in support of the management of international affairs and in the implementation of the economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of appropriate information, communication and transport technologies should also be supported by technical cooperation and investment required to build the capacity of local service providers, or to build such capacities, may require donor support or funding from international financial institutions.
A similar consequence is provided in the United Kingdom, where the consumer is entitled to cancel the contract, unless a competent court decides otherwise at the request of the service provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme reached its peak at the end of 2002.
Procedure
It is clear that the calculations were made on the basis of a United States dollar exchange rate of 0.89 euro.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, as necessary, at subsequent sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward reported on the results of those consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Harvard Law School (winter 2003) Visiting professor Robert F. Kennedy to provide in association with Professor Philip Heyman a course entitled “Bring power to justice” analysing the various functions of prosecutors in common law and civil law countries and examining the various national and international approaches to prosecuting State actors who have committed violations of the law; also organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption: establishing the rule of law”.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as an operating entity of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its Climate Change focal point and the Special Climate Change Fund for the implementation of the activities mentioned in the framework of meaningful and effective actions to enhance the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention,
Welcoming the initial progress made in the implementation of the framework for meaningful and effective actions to enhance the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, annexed to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial results, 2002-2003
He also noted with appreciation the financial and other assistance provided to the Programme by the Government of Austria, the authorities of Styria and the city of Graz, Austria, the Department of Physical Geography of the University of Stockholm, Metria, the National Office of Introduction and the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, it is considered that many of those infected with the virus do not know.
The project focused on the RNAK Steering Committee, as well as secondary and secondary school students.
Recommends that consideration be given to the holding of a joint informal debate that could enrich the work of each Committee; better use could be made of the plenary debate of the General Assembly on the issues considered by the two Committees;
This important work has been possible, inter alia, through the competence and perseverance of the Committee through its subcommittees and experts.
In the event of the dissolution of marriage after the consumption of the marriage, the wife shall be entitled, in addition to maintenance during the period of the virginity period, to compensation for which the amount of which shall not exceed one year of maintenance, in accordance with the means of the former husband, and shall be paid on a monthly basis from the end of the virginity period, except as agreed between the two parties in respect of the amount and the payment of this allowance.
The following table shows the evolution of the education budget in the school years 1993/94 to 1997/98:
The day nurseries are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which regularly carries out inspections to verify compliance with the regulations.
The State of Kuwait wishes to recall in this regard that its constitution, in many of its provisions, makes equality one of the pillars of Kuwaiti society, first in the preamble, and then in article 7, which covers various aspects of this principle by linking it to the dignity of human beings, rights and duties.
Effective management will also improve recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
National Coordinator of the World Marche against Child Labour, 1998
Adviser on the preparation of a courses programme on social justice, Department of Population Studies, Tribhuvan University, 1999
Each State Party shall communicate to the Conference of the States Parties, as required by the Conference, information on its programmes, plans and practices and on its legislative and administrative measures to implement the present Convention.
If the status quo refuses any prospect, freedom and the development of those who are hungry and who live in despair, the temptation of lawlessness and extremism, as a means to change, is becoming more appealing.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to appoint Ambassador Tzchev of Bulgaria as President of the Annual Conference of the States Parties to be held in 2003 and the representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland as Vice-Presidents.
Declarations and reservations
Rapporteur: Isshtiqa H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and should strengthen universal standards in this regard, as contained in international human rights instruments, and contribute to their protection,
(c) Should a special segment be decided, its theme should be relevant to human rights and should take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
That state of affairs should not recur.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and regularly updated compilation of recommendations made over the years by the various mechanisms on thematic issues.
Contribution submitted under both resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They address the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (d) (i), (ii) and (iii), on the preparation of short-, medium- and long-term proposals for the elimination of racial discrimination against people of African descent, including proposals for a mechanism to monitor and promote all human rights, taking into account the need for close collaboration with the international institutions and the specialized agencies of the United Nations development system.
As for the Harazaz centre in Iran, it was a technology centre for the development of human resources for land and development on these rice lands.
Lastly, she asked the State party to undertake a national health survey and to examine the findings in the next periodic report.
Therefore, the duty to protect it was equally incumbent upon the entire world.
- Craming of the two sites by appropriate means (greats or masses);
Some observers predicted a possible increase in the dollar request as the United States now controls Iraqi oil wells.
It is essential to provide new guidance to the economic cooperation of Arab countries by giving the private sector an increasing role in development and economic choices.
The Foundation was able to collect approximately 3.5 million euros, which began work on the site.
At present, four resident coordinators are UNICEF civil servants (half are women), including one woman in duty stations.
If those conditions are fulfilled, the goals and targets approved at the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Moreover, the financial implications of the establishment of an additional office in Brussels were not taken into account by JIU.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has moved closer to the Organization's gender goals in 1990.
(a) The nine regional offices should be phased out by the redeployment of technical posts at Headquarters.
At the same time, SCO member States are constantly and invariably relying on the principle that the fight against terrorism must be based on the norms and principles of international law and cannot be equated with a fight against any religion, certain countries or nationalities.
ACTIVITIES of the Joint Inspection Unit (continued) (IDB.27/19 and Add.1 and 2 ; IDB.27/CRP.3)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Demande de consultative status submitted by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
Pursuant to annex I to General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the proposed themes for the high-level segment and the coordination segment of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit to you the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The Afghan people applauded the decision to extend their mandate.
The draft resolutions under those agenda items reflect that commitment and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) To use, in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee established by resolution 661 (1990) before the expiration of the period set out in paragraph 10 below and taking into account the recommendations made by the Office of the Iraq Programme, the funds deposited in accordance with paragraphs 8 (a) and (b) of resolution 986 (1995), as necessary and as appropriate, in order to settle the amounts agreed upon in respect of the additional costs of freight and storage, as required by paragraph 8 (c);
10-11 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
Since the costs of the work of the Working Group were included in the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would not affect the Working Group.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate substantive discussions at the session of the Commission, the secretariat prepared a thematic paper entitled “Policy Issues of Action for Enhancing the Competitiveness of SMEs” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Chairpersons of the Bureau and Credentials Committee and the chairpersons of the committees, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right to vote provided that they are representatives of participating States;
As a rule, meetings of the Bureau, subcommissions or working groups are closed.
The Council expressed its concern at the continuing regional instability factors and requested the Secretary-General to make recommendations to the Council, as soon as possible, on how to address these subregional and cross-border problems, with a particular focus on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also deplored the lack of political contacts between the parties and called on them to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government submits to it all draft laws for its consideration.
It was to be hoped that a report could be submitted to the Commission at a future session, especially since the document issued in 1991 following the World Summit for Children and the outcome document of the special session of the United Nations General Assembly on children, held in 2002, specifically mentioned the situation of children living under foreign occupation.
In accordance with the second Millennium Development Goal, the Government in 1996 instituted free and compulsory basic education for all, which has significantly improved school attendance rates.
To avoid such incidents, it is imperative for States parties to be present at the time of the meeting.
“The Security Council stresses the readiness of the United Nations to foster political dialogue at the request of the United Nations and to provide strong support to address the humanitarian and development challenges arising from the demarcation of the border.
It may acquire or alienate immovable or movable property in accordance with the Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting has three days from 16 to 18 July 2003 to complete its work.
According to these corroborated reports, the situation in the valley remained calm, without serious incident, throughout the reporting period.
Observations
Quadrennial reports for the period 1997-2000 submitted through the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report submitted pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know what indicators are best suited, which necessarily need to be relevant to different aspects of the right to health, and then in the ongoing work of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that prolonged solitary confinement of a detained or imprisoned person may amount to prohibited acts under article 7.
Article 10, paragraph 1, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any person deprived of his or her liberty under the laws and authority of the State and is detained in a prison, a hospital - a psychiatric hospital in particular - a detention camp, a recovery centre or another place.
It was necessary to determine whether a unilateral declaration was a reservation or an interpretative declaration and to determine its admissibility and effects.
Thirty-eighth session (1990)*
(l) To continue to cooperate with the Committee in promoting the effective implementation of the Convention;
(h) Raise awareness among the general public of the importance of programmes of measures aimed at the situation of victims of descent-based discrimination;
There are traditional and cultural practices in some States that adversely affect the health of women and children.
States parties should also report on measures adopted to ensure rapid access to family planning services in particular, and sexual and reproductive health in general.
Thus, for example, the article emphasizes the importance of respect for parents, the need to respect rights in their general ethical, moral, spiritual, cultural or social framework and the fact that most children's rights, far from being imposed outside, are rooted in the values of local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, which updates recent meetings, activities and outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, adopted by heads of State and Government on the occasion of the Millennium Summit, in which they committed themselves to eradicating extreme poverty and, in particular, to halve, by 2015, the proportion of the world population whose income is less than one dollar a day and the proportion of people who suffer from hunger,
In 2001, the Government limited the duration of work permits to foreign workers to six years, to ensure that more Bermudians are recruited and trained for the best jobs.
The United Kingdom Government has continued to advocate that legislators adopt European human rights standards, particularly with regard to sexual discrimination.
Pursuant to paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations to discuss all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Council of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without vote, in the deliberations of those bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “Synergies and responses: strategic alliances in crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat computer-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, it invited the Governments of the Latin American and Caribbean countries and other interested Governments to participate in the regional meeting of heads of national drug law enforcement agencies, with a view to establishing the meeting of heads of national drug law enforcement agencies, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and to provide financial resources for the regional meeting,
(a) Partnerships are voluntary initiatives by Governments and various stakeholders, including major groups and institutions;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other matters.
Introducing the item, the representative of the Secretariat drew attention to the documentation prepared in that connection (see annex VII) and indicated the action the Committee might take on the matter.
Decides to submit the following to the Conference of the Parties for its consideration and possible decision at its first meeting:
An alternate or adviser may act as a representative on the appointment of the head of the delegation.
Subject to the provisions of Articles 28 to 32 and amendments decided by the Conference of the Parties, these rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The Chairperson or Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may be given priority in explanation of the conclusions of that subsidiary body.
He indicated that his organization had supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities relating to persistent organic pollutant products, including the project for the identification and quantification of dioxin and furans undertaken in Thailand, the organization of the meeting of the Expert Group on Best Available Techniques and Best Environmental Practices and workshops on industry good management in 2003 that had resulted in an exchange of best practices on POPs management in Brazil.4
To that end, the Monterrey document reiterates the importance of the principle of cooperation.
Only a few countries monitor the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective border controls, using reliable estimation methods.
The report noted that the comparative studies made the problem more complex.
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org).
A preparatory mission composed of staff of the IAEA and the Commission, including the Director-General of the IAEA and the Executive Chairman of the Commission, visited Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet with their Iraqi counterparts led by Mr. Amer H. Al-Saadi, adviser to the Chairman, to discuss logistical arrangements and to relocate the inspectors' office in Baghdad.
The Agenda 21 website for sport and the environment is www.unep/org/cpi/port_env (all forms of sport).
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi show that there are opportunities to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, long-term reconstruction and development.
The failure of Cancún is a result of what happened in Doha, where major trading countries refused to grant the promised concessions on development issues.
Switzerland attaches the highest priority to the preservation of humanitarian space in all circumstances and without derogation.
“Big internal and external closures, increased curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have led to a further deterioration of economic indicators and increased poverty and unemployment among Palestinians.
Here, we should recall the responsibility, individual and collective, of the parties to the Convention in respect of its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the prior concurrence of the Advisory Committee, such sums as may be necessary to cover the advance payment of insurance premiums if the insurance period extends beyond the biennium in which the payment is made, on the understanding that the Secretary-General will, in the budget estimates for each biennium, request the Secretary-General to cover the amounts due for the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments were insufficient to prevent violations, and there was also a need for strict measures to address the social and human problems that encouraged them, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement and social inequality between the peoples of developing countries and those of the advanced countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, to be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Mission in Croatia; Financing of the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force;
Clearly, it remains vital that all of us continue to participate in the coming years.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of oversight is becoming increasingly important at both the regional and international levels, and effective verification becomes necessary to ensure international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpile of mines by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to ratifying the Treaty, have already expressed themselves — and in addition to an opportunity — their opposition to any nuclear weapons.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on those principles.
Of the $270 million, $250,000 is proposed for the ICAO supply call.
Possible modalities for reimbursement
Chief of Liaison and Protocol Liaison Officer A and Liaison Officer B
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and Council resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is very important if the origin of the funds is lawful or unlawful, only the act of collection and its purpose.
The Bradley report indicated that any Order adopted by the Council to meet the needs of any of the options would take at least one year.
ESP AGNOL
“Terrorist — to provoke an explosion or to trigger a fire or to commit any other act that endangers the lives of people, adversely affects their health, causes huge material damage or leads to other dangerous consequences for society, with a view to undermining public order, sowing panic among the population or influencing the adoption of decisions by public authorities or international organizations, or even threatening to commit such acts”.
Women remain mainly in low-paid and low-level posts.
Draft decision II Suspension of consultative status
We therefore encourage those States that have not yet done so to deposit their statements with the Secretary-General in order to achieve the universality of the Court.
Their tireless participation, combined with their firm commitment and diplomatic skills, is a major reason for the success of the work of the Special Committee.
Now, as is the case for all treaties, the end of negotiations marks the real beginning of the commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 94.
Washington, D.C., 11 April 1949
The draft resolution, entitled “ Almaty Programme of Action: Addressing the Special Needs of Landlocked Developing Countries within a New Global Framework for Transit Transport Cooperation for Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries and Landlocked Developing Countries”, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I am now pleased to introduce the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
He welcomed the European Union's decision to establish a peace support facility to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the implementation of the African Union's peace initiatives.
The right to know the truth about past events is indispensable in order to prevent the same violations from recurring.
My Government has firmly committed itself to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be much more representative to reflect demographic and geopolitical realities and to gain credibility.
Dissemination
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee on 28 April 2003
We have managed to understand that success or failure in any area, if important, cannot mean the salut or loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to respond to the questions raised, such as the presentation by all United Nations information centres of an annual plan specifying the activities it foresees in a strategically selected message.
In order to plan and make further adjustments without budget overruns, we have had to review some of our priorities and propose to reallocate resources accordingly for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had access to some aspects of the negotiations and had to contribute to their preparation through its analytical work, consensus building and technical cooperation.
These products had low national value added content.
The commodity-dependent LDCs were faced with a particularly difficult challenge, as commodity prices had fallen significantly in real terms.
Development aid strategies had been redefined to support poverty reduction and many donors included trade and investment-related technical assistance.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and the acceding countries Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia, as well as Cyprus, Malta and Turkey, said that coherence was important and that participation in sessions of the Council of Representatives of other institutions and agencies was positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) assisted the Task Force in developing partnerships and expanding them.
In order to enhance its outreach and to facilitate contacts with national policy makers, the Special Unit has established a web-accessible database, which includes the coordination of ICT policy makers and officials in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to allocate, within existing resources, the necessary financial and administrative resources for the effective functioning of the inter-agency secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to carry out its mandate, and requests it to continue to:
Documentation
Election of a representative Government to succeed the Afghan Transitional Authority following free and fair elections in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a Senegalese women's guide is published periodically, dealing with issues such as civil status, marriage, food obligation, inheritance, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land and credit, and the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo-Addo.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Considerations on the possibility of the United Nations serving as supervisory authority under the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the ECOWAS forces and the French forces, in carrying out their mandate in accordance with resolution 1464 (2003), to continue to work closely with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to report periodically on all aspects of the implementation of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/500.
Lusaka for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to help Africans build their capacity in peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted late to the conference services without the explanation required by the General Assembly in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in the event of a late submission of a report to the conference services.
The International Business Companies Act of 2000 provides for the elimination of the actions payable to the holder and, where those actions have already been announced, their reminder and their replacement.
These services include the direction or delivery of financial services to the Bahamas or from the Bahamas, including online financial services, the registration of directors or administrators of international business companies, the provision of services to international trading companies for licensed agents and offices, the provision of managerial or executive services to international business companies, the provision of shareholder services to international companies, the delivery of partner services to registered companies and the enforcement of registered companies.
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements allow for the inclusion of certain persons in a national exclusion list.
The workshop benefited them.
For example, the Section provided guidance on rules for nationally executed projects based on UNDP experience in this area.
In 17 offices, the monitoring of presences and abstracts was not carried out in the rules.
The feedback also raised awareness of the importance of regular project audit planning.
In that regard, Governments were encouraged to request their implementing agencies to use the same reporting format with a view to simplifying and facilitating the timely preparation of reports on activities.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
The numbers could be further reduced in the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991 from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/23306, S/23307, S/23308, S/23309 and S/23317)
Information that organizations should obtain and endeavour to verify would include the following: audited accounting results for the previous five years; past and present judicial difficulties; identity of other key clients.
Affirms also that the Organization is firmly committed to treat all bidders in a fair and equitable manner, on as wide a geographical basis as possible, both procurement and outsourcing;
Mr. Negroponte (United States of America): First of all, I thank Assistant Secretary-General Türk for his timely briefing on the progress of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Montserrat has been in a rehabilitation and reconstruction phase since 1998 and has been difficult to cope with an increasing emergency situation while facilitating the development process.
These funds have provided funding for environmental, training and health projects, as well as legal and legislative programmes.
With regard to the currency of payment, it was necessary to inform shippers of the benefits of the official system in relation to other channels of security and speed of transfers.
• Work towards a fair and expeditious trial of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of administrative relations, the Federation had met with many difficulties owing to the lack of clear lines of human rights and people with the knowledge and skills required to approve projects.
With regard to strengthening the resident coordinator system, increased involvement of the specialized and technical agencies of the United Nations in the functioning of the resident coordinator system is considered by Member States as a positive step.
As a result of armed conflicts and civil strife in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania has in recent years remained one of the most refugees in its territory.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary steps to ensure the translation into the Somali language of the present resolution, including an appropriate information explanatory note, and the wide dissemination of the text in the country through the Human Rights Officer for Somalia in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for at-risk groups, especially drug addicts, with a view to reducing the risk of transmission of infectious diseases such as the human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda for the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting is contained in annex I.
Discussion
The view was expressed that the Office should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States continued to receive documents in an appropriate form.
The addition of the phrase “to support efforts to promote new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was challenged since the Second Committee had not yet reached consensus on the matter.
Some members suggested that the publication be sold rather than distributed free of charge.
The Council's consultations with the member countries of the New Partnership and ECA had been well received.
A/58/6 (Sect.
Investigations into the cause of damage may also be lengthy, particularly in countries where the maritime security authorities and/or the courts themselves investigate the demurrage and take time to publish their findings.
As part of the draft amendment to Act No. 1015 on Que previviene y rente los acosilcitos destinyados a laigtimación deinero o property (the law on the prevention and suppression of illicit acts intended to legitimize capital or assets), it is envisaged to expand the scope of application of the law, even if article 11(n) of the present text is intended to cover “any natural or asset”.
It was important for the Committee not to disperse its attention.
It must also reaffirm its conviction of the importance of civil society participation as a strategic partner in the work of United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions in which women exercise their professional and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 265 of the Labour Code, mothers raising three or more children under the age of 16, or two children and more for women living alone, receive an additional weekly holiday paid by the average newspaper.
The link between reproductive rights and family law is clear: maternity and paternity are a direct consequence of the exercise of citizens' reproductive rights.
The adoption of new marriage and family codes, and the work was the most important step in improving legislation.
UNIDO's investment and technology promotion activities focused on promoting organic partnerships and linkages (such as technology transfer, outsourcing, common marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign firms and domestic firms.
In this regard, the Clean Production Programme has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO services aimed at increasing energy efficiency, training of staff assigned to CNPP and PNPP and identification, development and implementation of technical cooperation projects to be submitted for funding to the Kyoto Protocol and the GEF.
It was nevertheless prepared to provide the Commission with any additional information it might wish.
Nine members from Western European and other States
It reviews the results achieved in the areas of development and organization, with particular emphasis on linkages between evaluations, knowledge development, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC plans to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on this issue in the near future.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,696,600
Demands that the Liberian parties cease hostilities throughout the territory of Liberia and abide by their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the ceasefire agreement, including in relation to the formation of the Joint Monitoring Commission established by the ceasefire agreement;
Invites donor countries and recipient countries to consider including, in their bilateral training programmes and projects for the armed forces, security forces, prison personnel, police and medical personnel, issues relating to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture, without neglecting their gender dimension;
The Study Group had an initial exchange of views on the basis of the report of the 2002 Task Force (A/57/10, paras. 489-513); and the thematic summary prepared by the Secretariat of the debate held by the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
Programme resources
• Comprehensive management of the decision-making processes and activities of the Office of the Prosecutor required under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the rules of the Office of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit highly qualified persons to provide diversified and adjusted staff with career opportunities and training opportunities, to ensure effective management of their entitlements and rights and to establish a system that ensures that all staff members are physically, psychologically and emotionally able to perform their tasks.
• All special equipment and items shall be received and inspected prior to their admission to the Court
• Development of new Intranet modules
Physical organization at The Hague and in the field
Three interpreters per language for French, English, Russian and Spanish and four per language for Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider adopting appropriate legislative and administrative measures consistent with the objectives of this Convention and in accordance with the fundamental principles of its domestic law, in order to increase the transparency of the funding of candidates for elected public office and, as appropriate, the financing of political parties.
(a) Public dissemination of information on procurement procedures and procurement, including information on relevant tender and procurement information, with sufficient time to allow potential bidders to prepare and submit their bids;
(b) States Parties may invoke the lack of double criminality in order to deny assistance in accordance with this article.
(c) Addressing the special needs of Africa: consolidating democracy, lasting peace, eradicating poverty and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, a very poor developing country, more than others in the same category, is presented in the following box; it is shown how the country is working, with the help of the United Nations system, to engage various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “Everything but Arms”, the Group of 77 looked forward to exploring with its development partners how to encourage such policies in order to contribute directly to the improvement of living conditions in African countries, to which the international community should provide full support if it was to achieve the goal of halving poverty as set out in the Millennium Declaration.
Three key aspects of the ICT strategy:
For the time being, we must take the necessary measures to prevent further deterioration and to ensure that our President does not suffer any evil.
(e) To maintain and strengthen cooperation and political and operational support to the Tribunal by external partners such as Governments and non-State entities;
In addition, it is necessary to provide the required time for the closing arguments (for example, they usually have two to five days, depending on the number of accused).
The practice of simultaneous trials involves two consecutive cases, for example, as follows: A five-week trial, B five weeks trial, A five-week trial, etc. The defence counsel in trial A leaves Arusha during trial.
The members of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) welcomed the study, which they considered it to be a well documented and useful framework for revising, reassessing or adjusting existing policies on support costs related to extrabudgetary activities of the organizations of the United Nations system.
Pursuant to that resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur has submitted 10 main reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 progress reports to the General Assembly, in addition to 18 addenda to the Commission or to the Assembly.
He would also like to recall the need to respect press freedom, to draw the attention of the Egyptian authorities to the need to combat any advocacy of religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and which should therefore be prohibited by law.
In accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized an expert seminar to discuss the interdependence of democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
B
At the same time, in the last 10 years European institutions, initiatives and legislation have been expanded to include, recognizing that the protection of minority rights is an integral part of any democratic evolution.
As Guyana looks forward to this collective system for its peace and security, it is to ensure that the new Council emerging from reform can reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is of the utmost importance.
We must therefore build global institutions and build effective partnerships in the context of fair and open trade, and support for the development of the least developed countries should be strengthened.
A regional strategy has also been developed to facilitate HIV/AIDS interventions.
Mr. Pavanjeet Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where appropriate, the adoption of a cross-border perspective for the sustainable development of mountain chains and the exchange of information thereon;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration with a view to more effective implementation of chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) Monitor closely the operation of the global project to support the preparation of national communications, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and continue to ensure that the implementation of the project is in line with the guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications under the programme of work has been revisited.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As requested by the Statistical Commission at its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) Coordinate the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of the records of its work;
Thirdly, the activities of the Department of Public Information should be intensified.
Increasing the volume of Russian-language information on the United Nations web site has increased the number of Russian-language visitors.
At the 4th meeting, the President also invited the representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, having considered a proposal by the Chair, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, relating to item 10 (a), (b) and (c) for adoption by the COP at its eighth session.
Notes
Surfre and salt are among the most important chemical elements and metal fields (freedom, zinc and lead) are very abundant.
From 1990 to 2002, Poland reformed its public service.
(h) Cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen cannot lose his citizenship unless he or she renounces his citizenship.
Under article 41, paragraph 1, deprivation of liberty or interference with freedom is admissible only in accordance with the principles and procedures provided for by the law.
The question of the Uazzani and Hasbani rivers continues to be a source of tension and possible escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Even if the posts are frozen, they will continue to be included in the approved staffing table (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities requiring additional resources is provided in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments had to be made due to variations in the exchange rate between the United States dollar, the currency in which the United Nations accounts were registered, and the euro, the currency of the host country.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget as presented in table xx below;
Takes note of the Peace Fund: Peaceful settlement of territorial disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as the main mechanism, given its broader regional scope, for the prevention and resolution of territorial and maritime disputes, also takes note of the Caribbean Sea Trust Fund established by the Conference on Maritime Delimitation in the Wider Caribbean, held in Mexico City from 6 to 8 May 2002, which is aimed at facilitating the voluntary participation of States in the process, which is aimed primarily at facilitating the negotiation process of the negotiation process;
Also takes note of the Pacific Islands regional ocean policy approved at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest that financial resources from bilateral donors were increasing, and noted the initiative of United Nations agencies to improve the coherence of their technical cooperation activities.
Some children as well as Government troops and rebels abducted or persuaded to join their ranks have been sent to death on front lines.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Aware of the responsibility of the international community to defend human rights and to uphold international law,
He therefore supported the proposal to defer consideration of the item for two years, on the understanding that the vote on the motion did not imply a favour or against the two draft resolutions; it was simply to recognize the need to build consensus on the convention.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Advocacy of policymakers and public opinion on the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to help revitalize economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property referred to in note 11 to the financial statements was owned by the organization as at 31 December 2002 without any charge.
In a memorandum of 5 February 2003, the Office held that the “special clause” remained invalid, since it was included in the contract at the time of recruitment, without prior use by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteurs and the joint mission with all necessary assistance to enable them to discharge their mandate fully;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in political discourse from the 1980s, indigenous peoples blamed the Bank for a lack of commitment to the implementation and respect of these policies, which are thus often interpreted as a mere shaping.
CFTF Secretariat 35-37 Sackville St.
Almost all countries have a chemicals sector, but nearly 80 per cent of world production is the result of 16 countries, whose overwhelming majority are OECD.
Resolution
In that regard, it was reported that, in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council had made clear that claims of political motivation should not be considered as grounds for refusing requests for the extradition of alleged terrorists.
Documentation from technical meetings and seminars held at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) Comment on the future direction and programme of the Partnership for 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to transmit the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the COP for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of this post;
The increase in non-post resources (80 800 Swiss francs, or 5.6 per cent) relates mainly to the increase in the cost of non-post resources (840,900 Swiss francs) to accommodate the cost of services rendered to JIU by the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Central Support Services of the United Nations Office at Geneva, which is set off against the two posts referred to in paragraph 9/31 above;
These are “multiple usages” for which definition and acceptance considerations are as important as most environmental goods.
By design, they are intended for a specific purpose and are intended for environmental purposes: for example, a recycling station remains a recycling station, even if the techniques used by it are profoundly modified.
For intellectual property rights, article 66 (2) could be applied and article 67 of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS), developed WTO members provided incentives for technology transfer.
Several recommendations made at the meeting concerned actions that could be taken at the national level:
The increase in expenditure and consequent overexpenditure due to the revised adjustment rates approved by 1 November 2002, the new salary scales for staff in the Professional and higher categories and for staff in the Field Service category (two categories of staff members authorized by the 100 series and 300 series of the Staff Rules) as from 1 January 2003, with the approval of an increase in the number of staff in the above-mentioned posts.
(a) A new preambular paragraph was inserted after the fifth preambular paragraph:
Description of methods used to identify key sources of reference to the tables of main sources of the CRF Information on the level of detail in tables 7.A1 to 7.A3 of the IPCC good practice guidance1
Parties included in Annex I should complete all cells relating to estimates of emissions or removals, activity data and emission factors.
Italy is one of the most severely affected by population ageing.
Thus, the topic covered the primary obligations of the State and implied the recognition of the existence and reconciliation of “legitimate interests and multiple factors”.
It also has the merit of not obstructing judicial action on other grounds.
Another common law cause is the public mandate rule, which is more effective in the United States.
Introduction
We fully support efforts to streamline the work of the General Assembly and are willing to assist other delegations, as well as ours, in assuming the heavy burden of seemingly perpetual meetings.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the early 1990s, which include important measures to revitalize the General Assembly and inspired the draft resolution we have just adopted.
Procedures differ because needs are not everywhere.
These warnings have been accompanied by pressure to compel us to accept amendments or amendments that would restrict or impair the rights of indigenous peoples recognized under international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, calling for membership in the World Trade Organization, bearing in mind paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/182 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For those members who have served for a period of nine years, the annual pension shall be:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims identified as overlapping four “E4” claims relate to new or larger losses, in the light of those claimed by the “E4” claimant.
UNSEQ number: E-2449
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several government representatives stated that in order to attract direct investment, these institutions must increase their support for the development of the necessary infrastructure, particularly in the ICT sector.
The globalization of development also requires the elimination of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and increased resources, as well as increased participation in international decision-making processes.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary border crossing point was opened between Restrictiveica in Kosovo and Strezimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for only local residents.
The free movement of minorities has also been hampered by the decision of the authorities of the Government of Serbia not to sign an agreement on the use in Serbia of Kosovo registration plates and by their calls to deter Kosovo Serbs from moving through UNMIK to register their vehicles.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their strong support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, and we believe that this is an important first step towards the creation of a legal norm in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to connect to global sites and ECLAC regional follow-up to United Nations conferences and summits, which will be launched at the same time in June 2003 at the fourth United Nations Regional Inter-Agency Technical Coordination Meeting.
Oil prices already included a “war allowance” of about $5 per barrel in the last months of 2002 and exceeded $31 per barrel in January 2003.
They will first have to undertake an initial structural adjustment by acceding to UEM in order to move closer to the baselines defined for budgetary deficits; given their starting position, they may therefore apply excessive fiscal rigour in that period, which would obviously have negative consequences for economic growth.
A. Ahen et al., op.
Under article 5 of the Law on Internal Self-Government, the power to conduct foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Government of Denmark, and no part thereof may be transferred to the self-government of the Faroe Islands.
For example, significant financial assistance is provided for the operating costs of ethnic minority associations, intercultural activities and information materials, as well as various types of local integration projects.
The Community Social Charter of 1989 provides for the right to use collective action in case of conflict of interest, in particular the right to strike, subject to the obligation to respect national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days in each quarter.
The high proportion of smokers in the population is mainly responsible for the relatively high mortality rate and has a negative impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played an important role in advocacy and has facilitated campaigns that have led to new instruments and standards for the protection of children, as follows:
These organizations played a leading role in the preparation and implementation of the programme.
• ACP-EU cooperation: the ACP-EU Partnership Agreement signed in Cotonou, Benin, in 2000, took into account various elements proposed by the Special Representative during the ACP-EU Joint Assembly of March 1999.
The presence of the United Nations, anywhere in the world, has always been regarded as a symbol and guarantee of universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, has attracted a wide audience, particularly in non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136-141, 144-146, 148 and 150
It also continues its efforts to raise awareness of the rights of women in all its activities and of the human rights mechanisms it supports, including through the adoption in 2002 of a gender mainstreaming strategy.
As a result, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established commissions or fact-finding teams.
Recommendations on travel grants
In accordance with the provisions of the consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, as approved by the Council in its resolution 1996/31, the organizations in consultative status should report every four years on their activities, including their support for the work of the United Nations.
In accordance with the recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (see A/C.5/57/SR.20), UNFIP undertook a series of activities in 2002 that are part of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects aimed at streamlining its activities, targeting and making them more effective.
Focal points on women's issues have been appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Affairs strengthens their capacity to implement the national gender policy.
Recalling its resolution 57/134 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs represented a characteristic of the service economy, and often even large firms in developing countries were in fact small enterprises globally.
In the area of statistics, data collection should be encouraged, as well as work on a social impact assessment and impact on the development of services liberalization.
Assistance was all the more important since African countries were continuing parallel negotiations with the European Union with a view to concluding economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of technical authentication work undertaken to date
In order to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary and appropriate measures to strengthen legislation and institutional capacity in this area.
Country
derogation
The Australian citizenship certificate is not an identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular nuclear-weapon States, to work actively towards the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular on a common formula that may be included in an internationally binding instrument;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate to (a) subprogramme 3, Progressive development and codification of international law, of programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) in sections 8, Legal affairs, and 2, General Assembly affairs and conference services, of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
The representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) attended the session.
Question 7.
To attempt to distinguish between the two types of cloning is intended to obscure the fact that a human life is created to destroy it in order to produce embryonic stem cells or other experiences.
There is some discussion, and there seems to be a continuing divergence of views, no opinion should be imposed on all others.
The development of transport infrastructure and information and communication technologies, including the removal of missing links, would improve transit transport and enable landlocked countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. De Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month for introducing the annual report of the Council covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Update of the United Nations System-wide Action Plan for Drug Abuse (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its deep concern at the tragic situation of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent displacement and to provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, recalls in this regard the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement, and urges the international community, under the leadership of the relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national projects and programmes aimed at alleviating the plight of internally displaced persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must bring benefits to all.
Most recently, in February 2003, two primary seismological monitoring stations in Lac-du-Bonnet (PS08) and Sherville (PS100), were officially registered by the Provisional Technical Secretariat; the construction of a radionuclide monitoring station (RN16) in Yellowknife was completed in March 2003.
He also welcomed the establishment of a general monitoring and transparency post that had characterized recent appointments to management posts.
Also at the 61st meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally proposed an amendment to the draft resolution under which operative paragraph 6 (g) would read as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of growing globalization, the measures taken by a Government may often have an impact (positive and negative) on the right to food of the population of another country (e.g. in the context of agricultural trade).
Under article 507, the members of the groups referred to in article 499, who cooperate with the judicial authorities to identify the criminals or update their criminal intentions will benefit from forgiveness.
In the longer term, a flexible and effective legal framework on security rights could be a useful tool for accelerating economic growth.
Special Committee decision of 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We particularly welcome your efforts to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of those Territories, whose majority are in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I invite you to consider the Committee as a friend who wishes to work with you and for you in order to realize the rights that are indisputably empty.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first Country Cooperation Framework approved by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, facilitate the development of an integrated national development plan, which will establish procedures for the establishment of national development priorities over a decade, focusing on health, population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
Within the Ministry, a State Secretariat has been tasked with the advancement of women and the participation of women in development, demonstrating the Government's willingness to pay special attention to women's issues: in the Congo, all of the State Secretariats participate in meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia expressed its appreciation to the Quadrilatérale and other countries for initiatives taken in favour of LDCs in the field of market access, which it felt should create a competitive advantage and encourage investment in the sectors covered by the programme.
It was, however, expected that the United Nations would close the year with a positive cash balance (estimated at $44 million) under the regular budget — a result that would be favourable if it were to meet the forecasts.
Bigamy
Maintenance of order
We have provided food, tents, blankets, drugs and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, especially floods, also contribute to the deterioration of habitats and the depletion of resources in the East Asian subregion.
As part of their day-to-day activities, women are the main protectors of forest species and thus depend on the future productivity of forests.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation among developing countries, should not be neglected.
The Government of Slovenia has established an interdepartmental working group to implement restrictive measures and to monitor activities relating to counter-terrorism.
By the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on Children and Armed Conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- Financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otiti (Uganda) said that her delegation had been inadvertently included among the authors because of a technical error.
(b) A certified copy of the memorandum and the association articles of the company;
Subject to other priorities and available resources, the Government of the Bahamas intends to advance this process in the next few months.
Fifty-eighth session
A view was expressed that the basic criterion for balancing the interests of buyers with secured creditors was the notion of “normal business competition”.
The Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget will have before it annually a comprehensive study on a programme of technical cooperation.
The cotton problem was crucial, and the difficulties inflicted on African producers should be viewed from both moral and economic perspectives.
The Programme of Action of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) as a matter of urgency to halt the spread of HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia intends to achieve the goals set out in the Declaration of Commitment through a major national action supported by UNAIDS technical, financial and tactical support and collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that parents, who are best placed to do so, have the responsibility to guide children in a healthy environment, to teach them the meaning of duty, integrity, responsibility, citizenship, compassion and service to others, in order to help strengthen families, communities and nations throughout the world;
It is found in most Muslim countries in the Middle East, in the Indian subcontinent, in South-East Asia and in parts of Africa.
27 October 2003, Baghdad
However, in cases where the sanctions imposed remain in force for a long period of time, as in the case of the Al-Qaida and Taliban sanctions regime, universal reporting rules cannot be as effective.
The Government of East Timor is currently reviewing projects to improve the capacity of the East Timor Police in both areas, in addition to its capacity to deal with civil strife.
In addition, the Government is exploring ways of strengthening the capacity of the national police to deal with threats from criminal and armed groups in the countryside and in the tactical coordination line.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to indicate whether they wished to participate in the work of the new task force and to communicate to the Office for Outer Space Affairs the coordinates of the contacter to that effect.
The Gambian law penalizes to some extent the conduct referred to in this article, but the penalties are to be radically reviewed.
Indeed, in both urban and rural areas, female illiteracy is combined with poverty and inertia work, with dependence and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of partners from African countries have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to African countries.
The Unit currently comprises seven people.
Members of the Committee discussed the issue at length without reaching agreement on the causes of the problem or on how to address it.
They supported the military activities of the United States on their territory, because they did not forget their own history; they knew from experience what vulnerability meant and appreciated the security and protection of the United States.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Trade of Guam, October-December 2001, www.admin.gov.gu/trade.
Application of International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative
With regard to funding, the improvement of the situation in 2002-2003 with regard to income and expenditure and the implementation of the revised recovery policy also provide good prospects for the UNICEF financial plan and budget.
Background
Summary table IV shows the proposed changes to the number of support budget posts for each of the main elements of each appropriation line.
Summary table V provides a comparison of the total number of posts of each organizational unit for the current and future biennium.
Table 7
It summarizes the progress made by the Central American countries towards peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since the issuance in September 2002 of my last report (A/57/387 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit in Cuzco, Peru, and the 19 members of the Group adopted the Cuzco Consensus, a strategic programme of action aimed at overcoming poverty and social exclusion and addressing the themes of democratic governance, cultural identity and external relations and the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The tremendous reconstruction efforts of the region continue with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and related reports
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 17 to 19, 24, 25 and 27 September; 3, 11, 14, 15, 23 to 25 and 28 October; 6, 7, 13, 19, 22 and 25 November; 3, 4, 6, 9, 16 to 20 and 30 December 2002; 6, 9, 10, 15, 23, 27, 29 and 31 January; 12 and 24 to 27 February; 4 to 7, 12 to 14, 20, 21, 25 and 26 March; 2, 3, 8, 10, 14, 22 and 24 April; 8, 9, 12, 14, 20, 20 and 21 and 21 and 22 and 21 May; 20 and 22 and 21 July; 20 and 22 and 22 and 22 and 22 and 22 and 22 and 22 and 22 and 22 and 22 and 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to 22 to
UNMOVIC has also had contacts with many Governments in the field of export control, particularly with regard to finding practical solutions to issues such as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for an appropriate balance between non-proliferation objectives and legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, the information is based on the recent update of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on budget preparation in the United Nations system.
Of the 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are dedicated either entirely or primarily to renewable sources of energy.
Nuclear non-proliferation and peaceful uses of theatome can go hand in hand with transparency and mutual trust.
In that sense, the experience of developed democracies is indeed very valuable.
I would like to take this opportunity to convey to the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the deepest condolences of the Bulgarian people to their families.
We will be able to speak of victory when these attacks no longer take place, because they will end the entire nation.
The Government has identified some 30,000 individuals affiliated to organizations considered terrorist because of the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the designation of operational entities that have been accredited and provisionally designated by the Council.
Only through their determination and dedication has the secretariat been able to carry out the heavy and difficult tasks entrusted to them.
APPLICRARY REVIEW OF THE PROCEDURE OF THE PROCEDURE AND PROCEDURES OF PROCEDURE
Statistical study, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and April/May 2003, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
I would now like to repeat the names of the two countries among the Asian States that wish to nominate a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Achievements in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was in the interest of both developed and developing countries to establish a sound and equitable multilateral trading system.
International agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to regulate, especially in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy were of the utmost importance to the economies of the member countries of the Group.
FDI could play a fundamental role in the economic growth and development of host countries.
States
In essence, his delegation supported all the Special Rapporteur's suggestions, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted that this sector, which is outside the control of the State and tax systems, has played a significant role in the economies of many developing countries in all regions.
FONCATION OF THE Commission, INCLUDING SON ROLE OF THE COORDINATION OF THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE ROLE OF THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE ROLE OF THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS OF THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS OF THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS OF THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS OF THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS OF THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS OF THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS OF THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS INSTICE OF THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS INSTICE OF THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS INSTICE OF THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS INSTICE OF THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS OF THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS IN THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS OF THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS OF THE COMMISSION ON HUMAN RIGHTS
The joint programme would enable member States to deal more comprehensively with the perspectives and risks of a global society and to implement the Secretary-General's basic proposals for science and technology at the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Group of 8 of July 2000 and the Dubai Declaration of the Group of 77 for the Promotion of Science and Technology in the South (October 2002).
Detailed details should be provided on how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international cooperation for development will focus on the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the chains, the presenters used this guide and, although the other stations had not followed their example, normalization of pronunciation remained possible.
They took note of the convening of the Fourth Meeting of States Parties to the Convention from 16 to 20 September 2002 in Geneva.
They strongly supported unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures that some Governments had adopted to reduce their military expenditures, thereby contributing to strengthening regional and international peace and security.
Vocational training and job creation must enable cities to value the potential of young people.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
2 to 3 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an introductory statement.
Although the region of the Middle East is a particularly sensitive area in the light of the various continuing problems and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that it is important for the international community to give priority to the achievement of that goal within the framework of the United Nations in order to take a decisive step towards achieving peace in that region.
It should also be noted that the solution to the question of the composition of the bureau will be better understood to facilitate the strengthening of the agreement on the interpretation of the rules governing the composition of the bureau of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme, on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.30 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
Under the sanctions regime (paragraphs 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraphs 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002)), Member States are required to freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources of the individuals or entities that have been transferred, including funds derived from or controlled, directly or indirectly, by them, their agents or agents, and to ensure that their nationals and persons who are directly or indirectly affected by such assets.
Practically all federal law enforcement agencies have contributed to this action by providing basic and advanced training courses in all areas of financial crime.
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network - FinCEN
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is empowered, under article 7 of the Companies Act, to monitor the objectives, sources of financing and expenses of non-profit organizations.
Members of the mission stressed that they had not come to act as mediator or to intervene in the peace talks in Liberia, but they indicated to all parties the elements they deemed necessary: full respect for the ceasefire; a comprehensive political settlement allowing for the appointment of a transitional Government that would organize free and fair elections; respect for international humanitarian law, including full and unrestricted access to humanitarian organizations.
(d) Report of the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not applied in general and the provisions of the various liability and relations conventions were difficult to understand.
The Advisory Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following issues at its meetings: (1) Draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission relating to the transfer of marine technology; (2) possible establishment of an IOC internal procedure for the effective implementation of article 247 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea on the revised projects of marine science and research carried out by international organizations or under their auspices;
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
As a result of that conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the heart of international development concerns.
He hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States would follow the same review framework, and that the General Assembly would request the Secretary-General to submit an annual progress report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
After a civil war that had ruined the national economy, Burundi cannot successfully complete the internal and external disabling programme to fight poverty without the support of the international community.
This has a negative effect on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to transmit to the Secretary-General, in time for the General Assembly to deliberate at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways to strengthen and broaden participation in the standardized reporting system, including changes to its content and structure;
The difficulty of deciding at the outset whether the debtor should be subject to liquidation rather than reorganization proceedings led some countries to review their insolvency law and to replace separate proceedings with “university” proceedings.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, to school in view of potentially dangerous situations.
We attach high priority to our collaboration with our partners of WHO and others to encourage breastfeeding as the best solution to protect the health of children.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532) and the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and its continuing efforts to reach bilateral agreements with Member States pursuant to article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the authorities of Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Ecuador, Guatemala, Equatorial Guinea, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria (3), Pakistan, Peru, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Tunisia (2), Turkey and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge shall inform himself of his or her personal and fiduciary financial interests and shall make every reasonable effort to be informed of the financial interests of the family members.
Member States reported some difficulties encountered in implementing the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthening technology support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms; strengthening human capacity; identifying new technologies and applications; and encouraging international collaboration in support of research in the areas left behind;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile and by the observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of the CIS Forum (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In his opening statement, Mr. Kim Hak-Su welcomed in the session the first substantive phase of the process leading to a final international conference on chemicals management in 2006.
Response measures
I would like to say that working with you, within the Council at the United Nations, has been a rich experience.
We particularly appreciate the determination and conviction with which you are defending the positions of your country in extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
ACTIVITIES
A technical cooperation project for the Maputo Trade Point (Mozambique) is under way and is expected to be completed by the end of 2003.
DMFAS is self-financing by making debt-servicing procedures more efficient and by reversing inconsistencies in creditor agency claims.
It is a smaller country with a smaller population, but 2.2 of the 3.3 million people are threatened with famine.
I still fail to understand why it is so difficult to accept that state of affairs.
Article 2.8. The Secretary-General may make additional proposals for the programme budget whenever appropriate.
Article 4.5
These agreements include the services that the Organization must provide for full reimbursement of related costs.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Determines that, in the interest of the Organization, it is preferable to give the goods or to give them at a nominal price to another intergovernmental organization, government, or other non-profit organization.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after in-depth investigation, authorize the write-off of the loss of cash, goods and other assets, on the understanding that he or she shall submit to the Board of Auditors, together with the accounts, a statement of all the amounts thus written off.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally amended?
Abstaining:
Their nature cannot impose confidence-building measures that must, therefore, be defined and agreed upon on the basis of volunteering, at the pace deemed appropriate by States participating in the process.
Otherwise, developing countries will only be more marginalized.
In Kisangani, she met with the families of the victims of the May 2002 killings and victims of sexual abuse, and also visited the prison and cachots.
The cost of the replacement solution for prefabricated offices is estimated at $985,671.
Special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of working groups on the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as chairpersons of human rights treaty bodies, deplored the fact that the fight against terrorism served as a pretext for threatening human rights defenders and targeting vulnerable groups by separating them from their origin and socio-economic conditions, which were particularly affected by refugees, who were particularly vulnerable to their plight.
Why is it so?
My fifth proposal is of a general nature: it is to act on the source of both scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting solution to these conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and transitional Governments of those States obtain accountability and enforce justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which calls on regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and States of the region in the full implementation of the arms embargo, a fundamental component of the national reconciliation process in Somalia.
In fact, the League of Arab States has played the role expected of it in responding to the deterioration of the political and security situation in the region, whether it is Palestine, Iraq or regional security.
It also sought to ensure that inspectors, when returning to Iraq, could work and travel freely — an effort recognized in Security Council resolution 1441 (2002).
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Calls upon the United Nations system to integrate a gender perspective into all its programmes and policies, including in a coherent follow-up to United Nations conferences, in accordance with the agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective, adopted by the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 1997, and welcomes the decision of the Economic and Social Council to devote the two themes to the agreed coordination of the Council at its substantive session of 2004;
It is true that many countries covered by the HIPC Initiative do not adequately implement IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
The main counsel that Mr. Duque can give to the Commission is not to leave this issue politically.
Strengthening United Nations action in the field of human rights through the promotion of international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that through increased efforts and implementation, a reasonable compromise can be reached on the issue of Security Council reform in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reiterate once again that the People's Democratic Republic of Korea has fully fulfilled its obligations in accordance with the provisions of the 1994 Agreed Agreement between the People's Republic of Korea and the United States until its withdrawal from the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopted the concluding observations on Sri Lanka's fourth periodic report.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections may be submitted within seven days of the receipt of the record or the closure of the session, whichever is later.
Welcoming the reorganization of the bureaux of the Committee and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation looked forward to working with them on issues such as space education and the mitigation of natural disasters.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of annual meetings with the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of the Office of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit on Sustainable Development to achieve more effective and coherent implementation of the three objectives of the Convention and the achievement by 2010 of a significant slowdown in the current rate of loss of biological diversity, which will require measures at all levels, including the implementation of national strategies and action plans for the preservation of biodiversity and the allocation of new and additional financial and technical resources to developing countries,
That budget should be adjusted to reflect the burdens and resources resulting from the unification of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In paragraph 4, the two references to the word “effective” were replaced by the word “Professional” and the phrase “encourages the Secretary-General to intensify his efforts” was replaced by the words “encourages the Secretary-General and the executive heads of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned about the continuing problems,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination, as contained in chapter III, section C.4 of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of the Central Asian countries on the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons, during which a debate was devoted to the ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General submitted in accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999 and the reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It is important that the Congress return to its initial refusal to support national reparations and ensure institutional funding and stability through the adoption of the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed simply because they were Serbian and to send to all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must go and that there is no chance of reconciliation, or to reach the multi-ethnic society foreseen in Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and that we all call for our wishes.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps, an organization to deal with emergency situations in the civilian field.
For that reason, the responsibility lies with Israel, which must put an end to those violations of Lebanese airspace and prevent the escalation of tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as set out below.
In this great Organization, there is and there will always be zero tolerance for those who favour intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence.
The Committee agreed that the two secretariats should continue to work.
At its resumed 2001 session, the Committee had before it special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint filed by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that his only concern was to ensure that such non-governmental organizations did not interfere with the Council by carrying out its activities in a manner that challenged the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (from 25 to 50th) were held.
The linkages between areas, balances to be sought, time order to be retained, costs and benefits as they were perceived were extremely complex issues.
Angola had hosted the seventh Africa Oil and Gas Finance Conference in May 2003.
If so, please describe the measures taken.
Persons whose DNA is analysed shall also have the right to know who collects such information, for which purposes it is stored and who may have access to them.
The licensing criteria set out in the European Patent Convention are: (i) new; (ii) inventive activity; (iii) industrial application.
2 and 17.b) of the European Road Marking Agreement of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Artists, producers of phonograms and broadcasting agencies of 26 October 1961.
(h) To approve the implementation plan;
For example, the rural male population has increased in the North-East and South-West regions (from 49.8 per cent to 50 per cent and 49.1 per cent to 49.3 per cent, respectively), while it has decreased in the following areas: Bucharest (from 49.8 per cent to 49.4 per cent), the South (from 49.7 per cent to 49.5 per cent) and the Centre (from 50.1 per cent to 50.0 per cent).
Women and men also have equal rights with regard to the citizenship of their children.
The different family planning methods were not well known before 1989 and couples were mostly using natural methods and condoms.
This revaluation of the amount of the allowance takes into account the increase in the price of school supplies, food, clothing and other products of strict need for children, with a view to preventing drop-out from school, a phenomenon that has gained momentum in recent years as a result of the declining financial resources of families with children.
The lack of development activities in the most volatile areas of the country has not been without consequences.
More than 40 countries benefited from the United Nations Development Group's pilot programme of common services, with donor funding to finance or improve common services provided to 24 country teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions — particularly the Bretton Woods institutions — focus both on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and on poverty reduction strategy papers.
A representative raising a point of order may, in his statement, speak on the substance of the matter under discussion.
(e) Background that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation designated the Commission as a focal point for the discussions on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and would reaffirm that partnerships, as voluntary initiatives by stakeholders, contribute to the implementation of intergovernmental commitments under Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
Abbreviations
We look forward to your consideration of our proposal.
Thus, the proposal to impose an immediate moratorium on the commercial activities of extractive industries in Liberia is based on past experiences and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
According to them, model 3, as it deviates from the other two of the current system, would be able to be used experimentally by several organizations.
Conditions of service of staff in the Professional and higher categories
As a result, the mobility and hardship allowance would remain unchanged.
(e) Review of grade equivalency between the United Nations civil service and the United States federal administration.
He then noted that each of the loans was under way prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and assessment of progress towards sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights emphasized the importance of improving the response of the international community to violence by strengthening national prevention efforts and through international cooperation.
While nearly 50 business leaders were present at its official launch before the end of 2003, the Global Compact had become a well-developed international network with more than 1,000 firms worldwide, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by reporting institutions are reported.
• debit (D) and credit (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines generated a climate of close cooperation and cooperation among Governments, international organizations and non-governmental organizations with the same spirit.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11 Visits
The Working Group recognizes the importance of the summary accompanying the report.
Following those deliberations, the members of the Committee, on the basis of the provisions relating to the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on the work of its fortieth session (1997), as approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, arrived at the following agreement as a basis for the election of the members of the Bureau of the Committee at the opening of its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue among States, indigenous peoples and other actors on the concept of indigenous peoples in the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Introduction
Indigenous Peoples
Most Governments are aware of the growing threat posed by the continued illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and give measures to mitigate this threat high priority.
These successes required long-term investments in economic development, supported by technical assistance.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations raised issues with the Special Committee.
Statement submitted by the congregation of the Charity of the Good Pastor, a non-governmental organization in special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 provides updated information on the financial situation of UNATSO and the Civilian Police Support Unit as at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lauro Baja, Jr.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Booby-Traps and Other Devices, as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, as amended on 3 May 1996) annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
He called for the identification of results in order to facilitate monitoring and evaluation of results and the preparation of time frames for outputs.
The Advisory Committee is, however, not convinced that there is a need for three additional posts to be established on an ongoing basis for military expertise.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continue cooperation with grass-roots indigenous organizations, recognize their marginalization and strengthen their capacity to address issues of national and international concern;
That, in paragraph 2 of its resolution 1356 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo would not apply to protective clothing, including flak jackets and military cases, temporarily exported to Somalia, for their personal use by United Nations personnel, representatives of the media, humanitarian personnel, development assistance personnel and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the Research Centre on Islamic History, Art and Culture in Istanbul to preserve the cultural heritage and Islamic identity of Muslim communities in non-OIC Member States.
Addressing the impact of the information society on economic and socio-cultural development, and urging industrial States to develop a programme of work to enable developing States to take advantage of communication technologies to bridge the digital divide and to participate actively in the World Summit on the Information Society and coordinate their positions.
Condemns any form of repression against refugees, including armed attacks on refugee camps, and pressure on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, aimed, in particular, at strengthening Islamic solidarity among Member States and strengthening their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and in all vital sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to achieve consensus around its programme of work, including the establishment of subsidiary negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, the prevention of the arms race in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and effective international measures to protect non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls for the Conference on Disarmament to begin substantive work as soon as possible on the prevention of the arms race in outer space.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons
Resolution No. 7/30-E on the external debt of Member States and other OIC Member States
Thanks the IDB for organizing, from 14 to 16 September 2002 in Istanbul, a workshop on “Private sector investment and the role of IDB in Member States” in collaboration with relevant OIC institutions, and also thanks the Republic of Turkey for hosting the workshop.
Notes with appreciation the draft resolutions contained in the report of the ninth meeting of the private sector.
Calls upon Member States that have technical infrastructure for the conservation and restoration of manuscripts, to provide scholarships to the staff of the Institute with a view to increasing their expertise in this area.
Recalling further United Nations resolution No. 49/60 on the Declaration of Principles to Combat International Terrorism;
With regard to the entire West African region, which I hope will receive the Council and other agencies of the United Nations system as a result of our mission and report, subregional problems are enormous and we have listed them in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the work of the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be decisive in avoiding a possible conflict if necessary action is not taken.
These negotiations may present a number of disadvantages because they require highly qualified and experienced personnel and have increased risks of abusive or corrupt practices.
In the accompanying letter, UNCITRAL requested “the comments on specific provisions to facilitate the preparation of an analytical commentary to be submitted to the Commission”.
It was therefore necessary to combine economic and political efforts and implement all relevant United Nations resolutions calling for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from all occupied territories and proclaiming the right of the Palestinian people to a politically independent and economically viable State.
After the adoption of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003), the Jordanian Minister of Finance, in its note No. 12/16/298 of 3 April 2003, communicated to the Customs authorities the names of the individuals and entities on the Consolidated List and asked them to prohibit the customs clearance of goods imported or exported by such persons or entities and to confiscate them if found in the territory, and to submit all information to the Customs Department.
Invites States to review and reform, as appropriate, legislation and practices to raise the minimum age for marriage to 18 years, with or without parental consent, both for girls and boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteur with all relevant information sources, including a compilation of studies and publications relating to the impact of terrorism and the impact of the fight against terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends the following draft resolution for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session:
Moreover, the Committee has no objection to the fact that, as proposed by the Permanent Committee, voluntary contributions to the Emergency Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 are supplemented by an amount not exceeding $200,000 (see A/58/214, para.
Each subsystem is adapted to the information environment and the procedures of the organization.
Participants and beneficiaries will first see improved services.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important tool for social change, as it allows all to acquire new values and change their relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights enshrines the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and proclaims that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, that everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in the Declaration, without distinction of any kind, and that the individual has duties to the community in which the free and full development of his personality is possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to affirm that local staff must fulfil their obligations under the national service and several Eritreans working for UNMEE have been arrested.
The Committee will encourage those who provide assistance to focus, through expanded capacity-building programmes, on capacity-building to combat terrorism; to give more priority to training and to ensure that programmes are implemented in a timely and results-based manner.
12.44 This subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Investment, Enterprise Development and Technology Division.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they amounted to $21,478,915, including advances made by several Member States on their contributions for the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or place where their lives are at risk and close national borders to prevent asylum-seekers from leaving a country where their lives are at risk;
There is a growing tendency to give priority to peace to the detriment of justice, which can be understood in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises during a peace process, but which in fact undermines the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
Unless I hear any objection, I shall take it that the Assembly adopts this suggestion.
The General Assembly should proceed to the election of 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded this stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
It regretted, however, that countries that had not yet adopted it in some areas where the proliferation of ballistic missiles remained an urgent problem.
In view of the anticipated opening of new reception centres for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration and the increased workload of the Section, a net increase of 38 posts is proposed.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, his delegation supported a broad scope of application.
As it had done in previous instalments, the Panel reviewed the claims in the second part of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after having evaluated the evidence and other evidence, balancing the interests of claimants who had fled a war zone and those of Iraq, which are liable only for losses and losses arising directly from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
However, in order to address that problem, our State looks forward to the future assistance of the CTC, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, educational institutions and religious and political figures of the Palestinian Authority teach hatred, glorify and offer moral security, both human and divine, to mass killings.
If we want the timetable, each will have the opportunity to speak before the Council.
Let Israel put an end to the occupation of our territory, which it is constantly sending settlers to stop violating our rights.
The Executive Council, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should evaluate progress made on the clean development mechanism and, where necessary, take appropriate measures, recommends that the COP consider incorporating in its decision on the guidelines to the Executive Board the preambular paragraphs and paragraph below.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections had been suspended, but the Pascade Government had attempted to improve the delivery of local services, resulting in a number of reforms, particularly in the area of revenue sharing.
Pursuant to Sub-Commission resolution 2002/21, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had identified as the main themes of its work in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004, “Conflict resolution of indigenous issues”; in 2005: “Protection of indigenous traditional knowledge at the national and international levels”; and in 2006: “Indigenous and youth”.
(b) Representatives and organizations seeking a grant should be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and to the continued development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
General Assembly resolution 57/65 on the relationship between disarmament and development and why it was not mentioned in the programme document were mentioned.
I would be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2
In real terms, child spending increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having also considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to New Caledonia,
Therefore, there is no reason to speak of an exception when it is the right of peoples to fight by arms for self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): The participation of civil society, in general, and non-governmental organizations, in particular, is prescribed by the Convention process.
d Announcement of contributions to the sessions of the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities of November 2000 for the year 2001 and November 2002 for 2003.
As at 16 January 2003, the total number of new voluntary contributions made available for the twenty-second session of the Board amounted to only $551,548 (see table 1 above).
(d) If the purpose of the action is to terminate or terminate the contract of an employee and, in the opinion of the Head of State, the Head of Government or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the employer State, such action may interfere with the security interests of the State;
This session will be held at the Fiera Milano Congress Centre in Milan.
Whether this process is recognized and designated as appropriate (transitional society or knowledge society) or not, any development, regulation that strengthens knowledge systems, free human potential, enhances the value of and direction to social, economic and political life, brings together a society of this new development phase.
Mary Ann told me of his intention to leave UNHCR for personal and professional reasons, and I accepted his complaint, not without regret.
The Committee suggests that all age groups be included in the Friends of the Chair indicator.
Stressing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts made in that regard by the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work done by the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Allocation of non-permanent seats in the region
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete the subparagraph.
The representative of any regional agreement or organization should indicate in writing to the President of the Security Council that he wishes to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also examine how to better provide for the leadership required for the implementation of such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee requests the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies adopted by the State party to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of the legislative provisions relating to equality between men and women, including in the field of women's representation at various levels of government and civil service.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety and security of all personnel under the auspices of the United Nations participating in the Force;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (General Assembly resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 53/242)
Fundamental economic laws are under consideration, including investment and corporate registration laws and a bankruptcy bill.
It is encouraging to note that there has been no recent repetition of events at the end of 2002 and early this year.
The fourth highlights is the fact that the Government of East Timor has managed to generate $44.1 million in revenue, of which $26.7 million has been allocated for income from the Timor Sea during the current year, which shows that the State is increasingly able to mobilize its own resources.
The latter should not deal with the liability of the performing carrier.
Additional statements and contributions in connection with the preparation of the draft instrument
(d) Encourage, in general, activities aimed at strengthening the independence of the judiciary and the legal profession.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and is increasing over the years.
One of them would have been executed before the main entrance to the university, with the aim of creating a climate of terror following a demonstration shortly by students.
The international community should be concerned about the growing trend towards excessive force use;
We would also like to reiterate that, with regard to the controversy over the issue of the agent inner XV and the coal back, which was unilaterally destroyed by Iraq, he made concrete proposals in recent technical discussions with Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February, with a view to resolving the issues considered by the former Special Commission as vague or outstanding.
Efforts have been made in the past in the form of proposed texts in the hope of breaking the political impasse.
We expect to increase the number of customs and procurement experts to monitor imports into Iraq.
Let us achieve peace, because we will be able to achieve it if we sincerely seek to achieve it, with unwavering commitment and political will.
I would like once again to express France's confidence and full support in their mission.
But Spain is aware that peace and security are guaranteed by respect for and implementation of Security Council resolutions and will come at a time when, without a change in political attitudes, the Council will be compelled to assume its responsibilities on behalf of international peace and security.
From that point of view, the action of the international community and the Security Council with regard to the Baghdad regime remains the main factor in ensuring Iraq's cooperation with the inspectors, and it is also the primary requirement for a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) Be consistent with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
Financial securities entities;
As we have stated, Egypt has signed or ratified all conventions except the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which is a sign of its positive attitude towards combating terrorism.
Moreover, as it is impossible to build confidence in the day after, we must remain patient in order to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7 Number of letters on entitlements
Professional
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres opened in Ethiopia still attract a large audience, and a third would soon be opened in Adigratt.
In some cases, for example, in the water sector, the number of transnational corporations capable of operating around the world is very limited.
As part of these principles, the Croatian Government has embarked on a range of social and economic reforms aimed at promoting employment growth and social well-being, such as the effective implementation of its National Strategy for the Eradication of Poverty and the fight against social exclusion and the creation of social partnerships that give priority to human resources and will guarantee education and science a central role in promoting social progress.
The 218th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be held on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism has been set up at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 2003)1
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 2003)1
In order for the full enjoyment of the rights of persons with disabilities, the international community should support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account historical, cultural and development differences among countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be guided by all international norms and standards on disability, not only those contained in the legal instruments but also those derived from the resolutions of United Nations organs and agencies.
The African Union affirmed that African peoples should strive to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of affirmative action for persons with disabilities.
To ensure that the divisions of the secretariat have adequate resources, 13 per cent funded from the administrative costs budgets of the projects were to be allocated to the implementation division.
The disruption in the provision of drugs, unconscionable materials and spare parts for equipment — especially those for emergency services, therapeutic and surgical units and other services for adults and children — have made it extremely difficult for medical personnel to care.
Is this policy a sense?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/11 in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and in accordance with the provisions of its Constitution relating to respect for international law.
[Original: English] [17 June 2003]
Employment has progressed slowly and unemployment rates have remained at a reasonably low level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[Original: English/Spanish] [21 May 2003]
Limited access to energy sources and high fuel costs and resulting shortages have had serious repercussions on urban transport, increased production costs and adversely affect the effective functioning of social and urban activities.
Introduction
Verification that is the bank's bank account applicant and wishes to transfer more than 10,000 United States dollars or equivalent in another currency.
Article 35, paragraph 1, of the Rules provides that:
For example, it could, as proposed by the Secretary-General, establish a multi-stakeholder group to study debt restructuring mechanisms that might be brought to the attention of intergovernmental decision-making bodies.
