There is therefore any concern about when legislation to combat terrorism gives law enforcement agencies and intelligence authorities with unique monitoring and investigation powers without reference to justice.
Ms. Borzi Cornacchia (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur saw her future work programme and whether she planned to include missions.
First, there is a need to increase the representative character of the Government, particularly in security institutions, and to intensify efforts towards national unity and reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including warlords and the Taliban — benefit from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend contrary to the most fundamental principles of international humanitarian law, which raises crucial questions that need to be addressed urgently.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure wide dissemination of its concluding observations at all levels of society, including among State officials and members of the judiciary, and to inform the Committee in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement those observations.
If additional funds were made available for programmes in Africa, the programme budget would increase, as suggested by the high assumption.
Adoption of the report on credentials
See resolution 50/6.
In the second phase, under the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, one P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the Web Section to strengthen the language capacity of the website.
Organizational structure
A new gender analysis guide will emerge in 2003.
Statistics (see responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) appear to show that the impact has been on reducing women's access to unemployment benefits.
In this context, emphasis should be placed on the specific needs of the least developed countries, as the participation of those countries in global trade remains marginal and, to date, none has become a member of the World Trade Organization.
Special Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq is troubled by our Governments.
That is for us, as in Iraq, a priority commitment.
As a result of this, my country believes that the draft resolution is an effective means of enhancing pressure on Iraq to comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
This is an attempt to disrupt things.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, acting on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Developing and transferring technology” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The proposed legislative reforms, inter alia, require the provision of technical assistance, including for the acquisition of equipment necessary to enhance security at ports of entry and training of staff, particularly in the detection of fraudulent travel documents.
Noting that the Governments of some Territories have sought to meet the most demanding financial monitoring standards,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
In considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/114 which contains the guidelines for the implementation of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other relevant decisions and practices.
The assessment of the educational level of girls in the Horn of Africa and East Africa has helped to find the causes of the problem, which has already been identified elsewhere: the extent of domestic chores and the financial sacrifice of girls' education to the family are the main social factors preventing them from receiving equal education with boys; and the lack of textbooks.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly is beginning at a time when we respond to the Secretary-General's call for reflection on the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, I believe that there are still a number of actions to be taken so that future generations find ourselves positive.
In this period of economic hardship, the Government spent more than $5 million last year on services designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
OPINION No.
The original judgement was made in favour of the applicants, but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently reversed the judgement.
The Government asserts that these persons were arrested for conspiracy with enemy forces to overthrow the legal Government.
Mr. Yawowi Agboyibo, lawyer, former parliamentarians, Chairman of the Committee of Action for Renewal (CAR), a political party, was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to six months and imprisoned in Lomé's Civil Prison despite his appeal.
The Working Group, having made this opinion, requests the Government to take the necessary steps to remedy the situation, in accordance with the standards and principles contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
First and foremost, the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves must be met through appropriate formulas and appropriate time frames for their respective decolonization processes.
The resolution of this outstanding issue will only be conducive to building confidence.
These historic initiatives help to better understand the needs and aspirations of peoples under colonial domination by giving them the necessary radiation in a highly competitive global economy.
Only the United Nations has a legitimate mandate under its Charter and holds the legal and political authority and international legitimacy to meet the greatest challenges to international peace and security.
Therefore, the United Nations must not only continue its work in Iraq but also extend them and provide stronger support to the people of Iraq.
UNAIDS is currently funding a post of HIV/AIDS adviser at the headquarters of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to coordinate the overall strategy and initiatives to facilitate work in the missions.
Pursuant to article 5, paragraph 3, of its substantive statute, the organization, on the proposal of its general coordinator and in prior consultation with the Executive Council, proceeded to de facto exclusion of Ms. Bonavita, independently from her status in the organization, to have violated the Council's procedural rules, disrupted the work of the Commission on Human Rights and failed to respect the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement shall carry out its activities through the following bodies:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the Mongolia National Human Rights Commission Act.
In the view of some members of the Working Group, this provision should not necessarily be included in insolvency law and may be left to ordinary law, it was observed that it was closely linked to recommendation 70 and should, for reasons of clarity and legal certainty, be included in insolvency law.
After discussion, the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation received some support.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also a party to many international anti-corruption treaties, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of Money-Laundering Crimes relating to Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Related Crimes, and the Inter-American Convention of Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of providing the United Nations system with a school of managers was undermining the need to improve the coherence and effectiveness of the international civil service.
(c) Whether or not it is desirable, taking into account the nature of the activity, to grant exclusive rights to contractors;
In one case, the market leader's position cannot be considered automatically acquired.
However, the United Nations trade activity portfolio includes high-value-added products that are not equivalent in the world.
Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/financial Rules/Rev.2/Amend.2), 12 February 1980.
In 2002, the Board of Directors reviewed the secretariat's structure and composition, which had shown insufficient staffing.
While not part of the Group's session documentation, these three documents may not be prepared in time for the session, they will be available on the UNCTAD website, like all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessions 45 20
The three options are not mutually exclusive.
However, when they are present, the Republic of Haiti is hard to follow up.
This system has proven its effectiveness in its most visible part: electronic presentation of exhibits in the court.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also challenged the principle of the default referral of the Rome Statute as to which body — of the Court or of the Council — was entitled to consider in first instance individual criminal cases involving officials or staff present or past personnel of a State not party to the Rome Statute on acts or omissions committed during an established or authorized United Nations operation.
It is also the reasoning that the Secretary-General followed before the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
Thus, most importantly, the International Criminal Court, of which 90 States have so far become parties, has become a reality, taking into account the election of its 18 judges and the Prosecutor and the forthcoming appointment of its Registrar.
Although the Eldoret Declaration has been signed by all factions participating in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, the factions have continued to fight and import or receive weapons.
The first recipient of weapons and ammunition from the Government of Ethiopia that was identified was Ali Mahdi.
According to British Customs officials in Nairobi and London, heroin is introduced into Somali fraud by ships from South Asia to be transported to Africa and West.
Singapore
The political turbulence that marked its first year of power completely destroyed the country in material terms.
Myanmar's legislation covers all aspects of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and establish an effective protection system so that United Nations and associated personnel can carry out their security missions.
Although it began work just less than two years earlier, it has already achieved tangible results.
The Friends of fish consider fisheries subsidies to harm the environment and cause depletion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
In particular, it served as a framework for the development of common language for United Nations staff on the prevention of armed conflict through interaction and exchange of experience.
The current consulting actuary was also tasked with providing alternative approaches for financing future after-service health insurance liabilities.
All management service contracts between UNDP and various donors were implemented by UNOPS.
Table 7 Distribution by region of expenditure for management services contracts for the financial period ended 31 December 2002 and 31 December 2001
Table 8 summarizes the reserve accounts for field offices and accommodation.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of the 16 indictees for the husband's culture were women.
The Church is probably the most influential institution in Samoa's society.
In practice, the police provided that a female police officer is present when a victim of domestic violence or sexual abuse is concerned.
The offshore financial centre is headed by a lawyer and its staff includes another legal officer.
Teenage pregnancy continues to be a particular mark in rural areas, and there are usually concerted efforts to marry the girl child as soon as possible to fear that the situation will not be repeated, which would result in punishment of the family involved by the village council, usually the girl child.
Non-governmental organization
No effort must be spared to revive this process without delay, while at all prices preserving the established standard 30 years ago and always of topicality against biological weapons.
This legislation is of great importance to Armenia, as it creates an adequate legislative basis for further strengthening the export control system in the country, one of the key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance are a particularly important issue for our time and an imperative in building a world that guarantees the development of nations in universal harmony.
In that regard, we welcome the invitation extended by Belgrade to the Mission to join in seeking a solution to practical issues related to the opening of two new border crossing points in the area of Serbia and Montenegro and Macedonia.
The United Kingdom therefore fully supports the “standards before status” policy.
I wish to join the members of the Council in thanking Mr. Annabi for his briefing and for the information he has provided.
India will provide, if necessary, further details on its observations and will also participate in discussions to address the issues raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 269th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) as Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla (Cuba) and Ravan A. G. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) as Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta) as Rapporteur.
These included the continued upgrading of the technical components of the system so as to ensure its continued presence on the Internet, including the UNISPAL “Question of Palestine” interface on the United Nations home page under “Peace and security” and the further development of its collection by adding new and old documents.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
But before giving them the floor, I would like to make some opening remarks at the time Japan takes the Chair of the Conference.
The Committee for Development Policy expected to review the issue at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General would address this issue in a report to be submitted shortly to the General Assembly.
Ms. Gabr would like to know more about France's vision for the future with regard to special measures.
The report covers the period since the submission of ISAF III's first report, and also presents the final assessment of ISAF III action before ISAF IV was brought to command.
Comment.
(iii) The decision of the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not subject to appeal.
(6) The idea that the unilateral act is in principle a single State seems prima facie to be a prima facie case.
Mr. Raytchev (Bulgaria): As previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking United States and British delegations for their comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
Therefore, combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought through sustainable development policies is a major global challenge.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to define.
The programme has so far focused on the authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 It is expected that the objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat units at the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support to the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and cooperate fully in the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive drug control strategy based on close cooperation between the parties concerned and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between Guatemalan authorities and Mexican authorities were defined in the border security plan between Mexico and Guatemala.
The countries of that region were studying all the implications of such a creation.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), taking note of the fact that Armenia claimed to have implemented all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, asked what it was the Council's primary demand for the immediate and unconditional withdrawal of the Armenian armed forces of occupation of the territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I urged the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and unrestricted implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the United Nations Information and Communication Technologies Task Force, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The determined commitment of the autonomous authorities of Kosovo is crucial to break the power of that crime and it is through concrete results that we judge their ability to exercise the powers that have been transferred to them.
If the situation is evolving towards a return to peace, UNRWA will have to meet the demands of the transition from conflict to a recovery and development phase, and will therefore launch a special fund similar to that launched by UNRWA for its Peace Implementation Programme following the signing of the Oslo Agreements.
(ii) A decrease of $0.3 million in requirements for maintenance of premises due to the non-recosting of the budgeted amount for 2002-2003;
1.79 Allocate the health policy and service delivery standards to host authorities in order to optimize the use of resources and avoid duplication and priority conflicts.
Prevention and control of diseases
1.141 Increased utilization of computers and automation of office work.
Table 15 Operational and technical services: requirements by category of expenditure
Improvement of the status of women in rural areas
- Retention of the word “technical” after the word “support” in the first line and insert the word “and” after the word “technical”, to read: “technical and effective”.
(d) To ensure that the different institutional actors take due account of the values of the public service, in particular the honesty of behaviour, the sound management of resources, transparency of decisions, evaluation, accountability and accountability and the commitment to provide services to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed by paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002);
All indigenous peoples' initiatives should be based on two principles.
We have come to work, and we are now trying to get Côte d'Ivoire back to work and to resume our work, as in the past, and this is in concert with all neighbouring countries of the subregion.
This would result in a surge in accountability that could significantly improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The exporting Authority is invited, before validating a certificate, to require the exporter to submit a declaration that rough diamonds exported are not conflict diamonds.
Other progress mentioned is:
(c) To consider the extent to which the recommendation of the United Nations Board of Auditors that the Registrar endeavour to reduce costs by appointing resident councils in close proximity to the seat of the Tribunal may be followed, taking into account the international nature of the Tribunal, and making recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the problem of late disclosure of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the arms collection programme had experienced delays and the process of destruction of weapons had been disrupted.
It was also said that the distinction between contractual and real aspects was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the decision of the Committee at its first session, a pre-sessional working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the views of the child
(f) To devote more resources, both financial and human, to specialized education, including vocational training and assistance to families of children with disabilities;
(a) To develop a set of measures to update the implementation of the provisions of the Convention on Children and Parents (including initiatives to reach those who are illiterate or have not benefited from formal education), civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including albeyya;
(d) Continuing difficulties in raising parents' awareness of their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective mechanisms for periodic review of the treatment of children and any other circumstances relating to its placement.
It was therefore to know what approach was adopted to strengthen and improve the elements of the enjoyment of human rights and its monitoring of persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia addressed to the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, a letter denouncing the decision as “illegal, unjust and irresponsible” and rejecting the demarcation process.
Contents
Figure 10.
However, the reform of the United Nations as such should not be our ultimate objective.
The most recent statistics prepared by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the observations made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344), according to which technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the most commonly requested form of assistance.
I hope that you will now agree with the updated aide-memoire as a tool to reflect the evolution of protection priorities and that it will be useful for the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the protection needs and rights of civilians are reflected in relevant Security Council resolutions and mandates.
In this regard, I would like to cite the very important resolution 1502 (2003) submitted by Mexico and adopted by the Council during the Syrian presidency of the Council in August on the protection of United Nations personnel, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict zones.
Civilian populations must not be taken hostage by warring factions trying to deny them access to humanitarian assistance.
The Board's recommendations are verified by the Fund secretariat on their compliance with the relevant United Nations rules and then submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken at the fourth session of the Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization concerning the consideration, through the Council on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, of the relationship between the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Stressing the importance of effective action by the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission on issues of impunity and accountability and the promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council has repeatedly stressed the importance it attaches to the successful conduct of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Girlsaldo (Colombia), Mr. Vassilakis (Greece), Mr. Gopinathan (India), Mr. Zarif (Islamic Republic of Iran), Mr. Haraguchi (Japan), Mr. Kazykhanov (Kazakhstan), Mr. McIvor (New Zealand), Mr. Kol (Norway), Mr.
Allow me at the outset to highlight three points concerning the drug situation in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for its generous and continuing role in directing counter-narcotics efforts.
States cannot act in isolation against this problem.
(d) Effective risk management and internal control systems; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to expedite extradition proceedings and to simplify evidentiary requirements in respect of the offences to which this article applies.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, where they are located or where other persons concerned are located;
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that this article is not intended to require the continuation of minor offences.
The requested State Party should consider waiving a final judgement in cases where such a judgment may not be obtained because the offender cannot be prosecuted for death, flight or absence or other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit adopted a policy developed with the support of the Office of the United Nations Development Programme (UNOPS), which addressed the systematic review of the country office oversight mechanisms concerning appeals, other resources contributions and donor reporting on the use of funds.
Each centre organizes three to five training sessions per year, in collaboration with national authorities, various agencies and programmes of the United Nations system (including UN-Habitat, UNDP, UNEP, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank Institute and the Global Compact), international associations of elected representatives (e.g. the Inter-Parliamentary Union, the World Association of Cities and Local Authorities, the Latin American Federation of Cities and Local Authorities, the Cities and Local Authorities of Cities, the Regional Authorities of Cities, the World Federation of Cities, the Cities, the Cities, the Cities, the Americas, the Americas, the Americas, the United Nations, the United Nations, the Americas, the Americas, the Americas, the United Nations, the United Nations, the Americas, the United Nations, the Americas, the United Nations, the United Nations, the World Bank and the World Bank and the World Bank and the World Bank and the World Bank and the World Bank and the World Bank and the World Bank and the World Bank and the World Bank and the World Bank and the World Bank and the World Bank and the World Bank and the World Bank and the World Bank and the World Bank and the World Bank and the World Bank and the World
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination has been maintained as a basis for negotiations.
(f) The status of anti-personnel mine destruction programmes referred to in articles 4 and 5, including details on methods for destruction, location of all places of destruction and safety and environmental protection standards.”
The Internet address is: http://disarmament.un.org/MineBan.nsf.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “External debt crisis and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
From September 2000 to April 2003, at least 12,737 Palestinians saw their homes being demolished by Israeli military forces, which invaded cities with the support of tanks, armoured personnel carriers and destroyed homes with explosives while their inhabitants were still in the process.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore absolutely essential in this fight.
On the latter point, I will not go through details.
Madam President, I thank you for convening this meeting, and I would also like to thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), for his very comprehensive report and for his concrete proposals to enhance the Committee's work.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to resolution 1455 (2003) and the emphasis placed on the continuing threat of Al-Qaida.
Lastly, she said that she would ensure that the Secretariat took into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain regarding the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of the proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have provided examples of other producers of official statistics that develop and publish statistics in their own area of activity.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remains firmly committed to fulfil its obligations under the Treaty and the agreements reached at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences and calls for the prompt and complete implementation of the 13 practical steps agreed to at the 2000 Review Conference.
ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians of the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after the cessation of active hostilities, where civilian casualties are often high.
Chairman's summary
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do likewise?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring the universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the consideration of human rights issues, as affirmed in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993,
The regrettable incident of Depayin, on 30 May 2003, influenced many findings of the Special Rapporteur's interim report (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the protracted drought and the effects of long-standing conflict.
Nepal therefore urged the High Commissioner to consider this issue further.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
Where debate is limited and a member or representative exceeds the time accorded to him, the President shall immediately remind him of the order.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Article 87
Article 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
Reports, formal decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention shall be distributed by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and interested States parties and, as decided by the Committee, to members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested parties.
States Parties shall submit to the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on measures taken to implement their commitments under this Convention, within one year of the entry into force of the Convention for the State Party concerned.
In carrying out their mandates, the rapporteurs may, with the consent of the Committee, make the necessary visits to the State party concerned.
In carrying out his functions, the Chairman remains under the authority of the Committee.
Article 71
The systematic violence committed in the Mambasa-Komanda area was perpetrated during three different periods:
On 12 October, ACPA soldiers entered the witness's house in Mambasa.
All respondents confirmed that there were many cases of rape of girls, some of whom were barely 10 years old.
On the basis of the Team's report, a new trial was opened against 27 suspects from the LAC forces.
Global road safety crisis
Once the designated entity is appointed, it is subject to a series of prescribed sanctions under the Terrorism Suppression Act.
A working group of experts, comprising representatives from various countries and organizations in the Pacific and assisted by two editors (new and Australian), is drafting model provisions.
accelerated review procedure for reviewing eligibility to benefit from mechanisms
Their role should be clarified and the authority and responsibilities delegated to them should be better defined.
Of the $42.8 million for operating expenses for the period ended 30 June 2002, only 28.4 million, or 66 per cent of total, had been disbursed at the end of the biennium.
OIOS recommended that the Office urgently develop appropriate mechanisms to address the increased number of applications received through the Galaxy system; to promote mobility by ensuring better conditions of service at different duty stations and streamlining administrative procedures; to ensure that the electronic PAS is linked to a tangible reward system and staff input to the institutional goals; and to ensure that staff functions are properly managed, and that they are systematically linked to the organization's management functions; and that they are systematically linked to the management of human resources.
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors conduct an evaluation of the capacity and professional skills required by OIOS to provide internal audit services to the Fund's administrative and investment activities, in accordance with generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pension funds, and report on the evaluation at its next audit of the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Investigation into the misuse of an office computer
Financial institutions are required to regularly notify suspicious business transactions and closely monitor irregularities.
Having considered the report carefully with the assistance of its experts, the Counter-Terrorism Committee has written to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments.
This offence is committed by any person who intentionally organizes or facilitates the entry into the national territory of an individual, or has good reason to assume, that he is a clandestine immigration or intends to seek asylum.
The number of women holding positions of official representatives at the national and local levels, as well as the level of participation of women, is the subject of previous tables.
- The establishment of formal committees in institutions to assess the situation of academic women and report thereon.
13.3 The Government is determined to provide as wide a contributory pension scheme as possible to as many as possible and is mindful of the fact that those who cease their work to assume family responsibilities may be disadvantaged in social security.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Family Violence Act), which, inter alia, deals with restraining orders and protection judgements and gives the Garda wide powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The next review of the Charter will highlight the possibility of formally denying the use of information services.
Stressing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, neo-colonialism, aggression, foreign occupation and domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is essential for the full enjoyment by men and women of their rights,
Article 12
States Parties shall accord to men and women the same rights with regard to the law relating to the right of persons to freedom of movement and to choose their residence and domicile.
Workshops
It could also request Working Group I to cooperate closely with Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on aspects of procurement legislation relating to electronic commerce.
- Request for information under section 44 (1) of the Banking Act relating to terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against United States institutions (Rundschreiben_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Committee decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have not affected growth in GDP in the region, the uncertainty that they created has led to most of the scholarships in the region, where the overall trend in 2002 has been declining with some minor occasional occasions.
Such plans include improved forecasting, early warning systems and continuous communication between disaster-prone areas and communities and authorities.
UNESCO, ICSU and several affiliated agencies will encourage biodiversity conservation activities in which remote sensing and GIS will occupy a large place.
The various issues were discussed and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights concerning the prohibition of forced evictions,
Welcomes the continuing use of the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement by the Representative of the Secretary-General in his dialogue with Governments, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations and other relevant actors, and requests him to continue his efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on preparing its deployment within the country.
The remuneration of the two other judges is provided for in the proposed budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Trial Section 1
The elections will be three-party, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Head Ominayak and Lake Lubicon Lake Band v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX A, para.
Bangladesh is largely governed by codes of civil and criminal procedure established during the British regime.
It has published and disseminated booklets throughout the country explaining the procedure to be followed and the need for birth registration and marriages to raise public awareness and active cooperation.
In its development plans, the Government has followed a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the evolving nature of requests for assistance as well as the increasing need for some types of medium-term specialized assistance aimed at supporting and strengthening the capacity already available to the requesting Government, in particular the capacity of national electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age for marriage was the same for men and women and whether it was at least 18 years.
UNDP intends to provide greater support to the national reconciliation process, social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria concurs with the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of his report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257); and further emphasizes that, without due consideration of the human element, the interdependence of economies does not take into account the right to employment.
His country continued its efforts to improve cooperation with the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/....
At the closing date of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of the 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration under article 14, paragraph 1, of the Convention.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 9 of the Convention
However, the periodic report focuses on measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in districts where Greek and Macedonian minorities are traditionally concentrated.
They claim that there has been a violation by Denmark of article 2, paragraph 1 (d), and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant claims, in support of this assertion, that in a decision of the High Court of the Eastern Region of 5 February 1999, an incident of racial discrimination does not in itself constitute a violation of the honour and reputation of a person within the meaning of article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“Mr. President,
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations and Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that this report be submitted in future in the context of the proposed programme budget.
A general and brief description of the activity will be found in section B.3.1, with information on, for example, the effects of GHGs and the type and extent of the technology used (e.g. installed power, production).
Environmental, economic and socio-cultural impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica was a sponsor of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above) would significantly address this problem.
Developing countries should be provided with means of implementation, in the form of new and additional financial resources, transfer of technology on concessional terms and capacity-building.
Participants in the Third World Water Forum, held in Japan, have developed an action plan to identify a number of projects around the world and establish a web-based network to accelerate water-related activities.
(The annex to the present document contains a breakdown of expenditures relating to such activities.
24.61 The requirements of $2,995,200 (increase: $465,700) provide for: (a) the continuation of 10 posts (four Professional posts, 6 General Service (Other level)) and (b) the delayed impact of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) during the biennium 2002-2003; and (c) the non-post requirements for the Office of the High Commissioner.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system and its unique capacity and practical experience in coordinating assistance in conflict and post-conflict situations, inter alia, in protecting and respecting human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $45,000
Office
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, final recommendations without a vote.
Article 103 provides that elections shall be held by secret ballot, unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of an election to a post only one candidate.
(ii) One representative from an Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study and minimize the consequences of the Chernobyl catastrophe
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to it, at its fifty-eighth session, a report on the status and implementation of the Agreement for the Implementation of the Provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982 on the conservation and management of straddling fish stocks and related instruments and on the impact of the Agreement on the Convention on the Law of the Sea and its entry into force;
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under the items entitled “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the item every two years from its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects3
World Solidarity Fund
Youth employment promotion
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the further progress made in the work of the United Nations system in favour of children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake the comprehensive assessment of the scope and effectiveness of the measures taken by the United Nations system, including the recommendations to strengthen, broaden, integrate and continue those activities, and to submit his findings to the Commission at its fifty-seventh session for consideration.
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility for the results and relevance of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies lies with Member States, and no reform can address this issue, as long as those in a position to decide seem determined to hinder the work that we all are supposed to emulate.
The Millennium Declaration, as well as the Monterrey conferences on financing for development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development, have generated great hope in the international community, particularly in the developing countries, to see finally a stable, just and united socio-economic order.
This goal can be achieved only through a multilateral and comprehensive approach and through the development of transparent strategies that will enable us to free the world of nuclear weapons.
- Sports competitions in different types of national sports, support to schools, sections and sports circles for children and youth and acquisition of sports materials.
The advocacy programme for Latin America and the Caribbean, which responds to the needs of the particularly threatened poor, continued to focus on developing innovative information and education tools and building partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy secretariat who serves as Secretary-General.
The barriers that limit market access, including price increases and inflation, restrict exports from developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova to serve on the Committee for a period of three years.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of the laws, regulations and/or procedures, which in your country allows for control of transfers of such funds or assets to identified individuals and entities, including:
It is also necessary for the Council to strengthen the political framework of the peace process — in a word, to reinvigorate the momentum of that peace process, which has made progress, as I say at the moment, but which needs to be emplaced.
We believe that what is important to someone is also becoming urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of an Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, to which Brazil participates.
We will recall the meeting of the Security Council of 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region for the maintenance of peace and security, which culminated in the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy Executive Director United Nations Children's Fund
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “the Council has placed the burden on Iraq to fulfil its obligations and disarm, not on the inspectors to find what Iraq has sought to hide for so long.
It is normal that there is a wide range of information related to the organization and administration of these sites and that does not relate to the mandate of the inspection teams or weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The uneven situation with regard to counterparts that could be provided, given the lack of skills that Timorese society inherited, was another constraint.
The majority of the East-Timorians continue to engage in subsistence farming with extremely low productive means.
While our bilateral relations grow at all levels, we urge the international community, as well as the United Nations, to support this process.
First, many observations were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Court of Appeal should therefore be sworn in later this week.
(b) The project database is divided into two sections: United Nations projects and projects undertaken by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; it contains project descriptions and funding requirements;
(e) 1.17 The term “performing party” means a person other than the carrier that performs physical [or undertakes to perform] [or fails to perform any or part] of any of the carrier's obligations under a contract of carriage for the purpose of transport, handling, custody or storage of the goods, to the extent that it acts, directly or indirectly, at the carrier's request or under supervision, whether the carrier or under the control of the goods.
The definition order was amended in accordance with that suggestion.
The Working Group may wish also to consider the possibility of adding paragraph 1 bis to Variant C, which would read: “1 bis.
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is applied by more than one third of Member States, including some high-income countries, in order to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of contaminated fruit.
Most of the police information systems that have registries in accordance with the Schengen Agreement operate as a national database accessible by the Internet and are fully operational or tested.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces at the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a grant agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist infected and affected people.
Like most countries in the region, Zimbabwe is largely dependent on donor support for its HIV/AIDS programmes, but this has declined since 1999.
Therefore, the President of the Republic has enacted a law that defines the responsibility of the State of Chile for the prevention of AIDS and establishes the objective of promoting the prevention and non-discrimination of persons living with the disease.
Venezuela has benefited from the development of cooperation with UNIDO in recent years in such areas as the fight against mercury pollution, the development of agro-industries and the timber industry, investment promotion, exports and technology.
The concrete implementation of the projects under this framework requires a resolute effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that these financial implications, of €447,836, be included in the programme budget for 2004 under Major Programme 4, Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to ensure the right of any person brought before a court or tribunal within their jurisdiction to be present at his trial and to defend himself or herself or to have the assistance of a defender of his choosing;
In 2001, a Ministry of Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, was updated.
Given the contribution of women in the economic and social sectors, policies should be adopted as soon as possible to address the social, economic and cultural problems faced by women.
The International Organization for Migration (IOM) has made the fight against trafficking one of its priorities and is working with various United Nations bodies and agencies in this regard.
Pakistan welcomes the progress already made in this regard and calls for the implementation of the procedures for basic radiation protection standards of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in the context of these principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) expressed disappointment at the recent Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) held in Cancun, and regretted the lack of agreement on lowering tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which had led to $500 billion in income for rich and poor countries and helped to eradicate poverty some 144 million people by 2015.
If nothing is done to remedy it, the injustice of economic globalization will have a negative impact on the problems of third world, and poverty, terrorism and disease will also become globalized.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya has proposed overcoming the challenges that hinder its development, both in urban and rural areas and in the desert, but its task is complicated by the presence of mines in its territory.
The tragic fate of the Aral Sea is an example of the problems that arise.
Mr. Bueser (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly for the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action was a landmark towards the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hopes that international protection of the rights of migrant workers, particularly women migrant workers, who are most vulnerable to discrimination will be ensured.
In order to provide an equitable and rational means of ascertaining what may reasonably be presumed with regard to a description of the goods provided by the shipper, the instrument should be modified as proposed in paragraphs 153 and 154 of the commentary.
They often rely on the assistance of the relevant services of other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence allowance for activities outside the Organization
(Revised)
Regulation 207.18 Expenditures by boat
(iv) Where the educational institution is too distant to allow for daily visits, to the region where the staff member is in office and that, in the opinion of the Secretary-General, there is no need for such education in the area of appropriate schools for the child, the amount of the allowance is calculated at the same rate as those specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
His delegation could not support such a proposal to consolidate peacekeeping accounts, which was incompatible with the Financial Regulations and Rules in effect and could reduce the General Assembly's control over each mission.
She would like the Secretariat to indicate what it had done to recruit local General Service posts in accordance with the relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO has a total of 66 mangrove projects in 35 countries.
Group 1 Caribbean and Northwest Atlantic region:
(d) It is important to review the implementation of past projects (such as results, possible follow-up, etc.) and to disseminate lessons learned.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraphs 26 and 27 above, an amount of 20,051,150 dollars, consisting of:
During the reporting period, a new Government was installed in Afghanistan, with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these obstacles is the case of all and a much more active engagement by the international community is expected.
This expansion of the programme of work makes it difficult for UNCITRAL to coordinate with other organizations' parallel initiatives in such areas as electronic commerce, dispute settlement, insolvency, transport law, security rights and private financing infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supports further work on the two draft anti-terrorism conventions, which should be completed promptly.
The following information is available from the roster:
Follow-up on the implementation of that resolution must be carried out in an atmosphere of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which should have been submitted in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) To adopt measures to improve the physical conditions of detention in prisons and to avoid both violence between prisoners and the use of violence against detainees by prison personnel.
2.4 At the same time, the Ljubo Radovic police officer travelled to Bozova Glaica to tell his Roma people that they needed to be immediately from them.
Positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention encompass the obligation to grant redress and compensation to victims of an act within the meaning of that provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that, at no time in the proceedings, the complainant did not provide any details of the alleged torture.
He claims that his return to Sri Lanka would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has ascertained, as it is required to do under article 22, paragraph 5 (a), of the Convention, that the same matter has not been examined and is not being examined under another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
2.2 Upon his arrest, the Spanish authorities first requested his extradition, but that request was subsequently withdrawn because of a mistake on the person.
(b) The contested statement must be an essential element of the prosecution of the author of the communication;
5.4 In relation to the evidence that Mr. Azurmendi made his statements under torture, the complainant refers to a CPT report on the specific period in which contentious statements took place and that:
The complainant's grandfather is the nerve of the mother of Abdullah Öcalan.
1.3 By a note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its observations on the admissibility and merits of the complaint, and also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures, in accordance with rule 108, paragraph 7, of its rules of procedure.
By granting the extradition of Spain, the Federal Office of Justice had de facto accepted evidence obtained by torture.
b No further clarification is given on these problems.
aNumber of responding countries: 65.
In the meantime, it would be accidentless to see too little in that area, as there might be contradictions and inconsistencies with various private international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
The framework for maintaining peace and resolving the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, unfortunately, would justify this change of attitude.
Observer status for the East African Community in the General Assembly (A/58/232 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division works closely with UNDP in the following areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, compliance with agreed definitions and standards and data needs.
The initial research has already yielded strong results and has produced specific research and development proposals.
i.
Emphasizes the essential role that political leaders and political parties can and must play in strengthening democracy by combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete steps to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2003/L.11Add.4
The relevance means the extent to which an activity meets national objectives or falls within the framework of these objectives.
Therefore, they will have the greatest benefit if the objectives are met, but they will be most penalized if their interests are not considered locally.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Board Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with ongoing political and legislative processes and new institutional arrangements in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint venture of the South-Pacific Mining Corporation (SMSP), controlled by the Kanaks, and the Canadian company Falconbridge to construct a smelter in North Province to deal with nickel from the Koniambo mountains.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand declined by 34 per cent and that from Japan by 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea, inter alia, stated that, while the issues of New Caledonia and Western Sahara could benefit from the goodwill of all parties concerned, the consideration of the questions of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should advance.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would be approximately four weeks, starting from the date on which a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by the aerial bombing in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action taken
In particular, he provided a detailed analytical commentary on the draft, which UNCITRAL published as a working paper of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/SDTE/TLB/4).
The requirements for civilian personnel for the 2003/04 period, which cover 256 international staff, 282 national staff and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amount to $28,314,900, representing a decrease of $4,938,300 (14.9 per cent) compared to the apportionment for the 2002/03 period.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing under the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance of the major diamond-producing, selling or working countries to participate in the Kimberley Process self-regulation system,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
Thus, in the final analysis, new proposals, although seemingly attractive, appear not only in practice in the light of the required level of coordination, the broad range of actors that would necessarily be involved and the long reporting cycle, but may not lead to simplification of processes but to their complication through the addition of a new level of work, increasing the task of beneficiary countries and other actors.
It has cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the organs, expressing its comments and observations on the request of various United Nations bodies, organizing conferences and seminars, publishing books and leaflets on selected issues considered by the United Nations system and carrying out persuasion.
Table 1 compares the requirements for the biennium 2004-2005 (at the rates of the biennium 2004-2005), the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 57/293 of 20 December 2002 and the actual expenditure and income for the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report be produced, on an experimental basis, in time for submission to the General Assembly during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
One D-2, Director, Ombudsman's Office (ibid.).
Requirements for travel for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,170,300 (before recosting), reflecting an increase of $74,800 than the appropriation for 2002-2003.
Section 26 Palestine refugees
In future, it would be appropriate to explain, either in the programme documents or in the complementary guidance, the distribution of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and between the regular budget and extrabudgetary funds.
The procurement of firearms and explosives in the informal market must be reported to the prosecution, the violation of the Federal Firearms and Explosives Act, and punishable by imprisonment and fine, as well as the confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Consulations
The Committee also notes with appreciation the detailed written replies submitted by the State party to its list of issues (E/C.12/Q/ECE/2).
(l) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic in small arms and collecting them (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and the measures to strengthen international cooperation to address the world drug problem adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 12.
At both sessions, additional information was requested on UNCITRAL seminars.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author claims that his son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because the day of his arrest and other occasions before his trial he was subjected to serious ill-treatment and the inhuman conditions in which he is held.
3.1 The author claims that the continuing existence of Czech authorities, including the Czech Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that Act No. 143/1947 is a special discriminatory law and that it is as such null and void constitutes an ongoing arbitrary, discriminatory and unconstitutional violation of the author's right to enjoy in any study of his inheritance and property, including his right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author further contends that there has been a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, as a violation of article 14, paragraphs 1 and 3, of this article, having the effect of depriving an accused of fair trial guarantees, also constitutes a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 With regard to the issue of exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the State party's arguments that initially claimed that the author's dispute was not within the jurisdiction of the courts, and at the second time that under the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, an appeal could now be filed with the courts.
The State party argues that the author's allegations are contradictory.
The Committee's reasoning in that decision was based on an understanding of the Covenant that article 6, paragraph 1, was read in conjunction with article 6, paragraph 2, which did not prohibit the imposition of the death penalty for the most serious crimes.
On the same day, the author's counsel also filed an application for appeal in cassation, which was rejected by the President of the Criminal Chamber of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
Accordingly, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and this part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author claims that his rights were violated, since he was arrested and charged without any evidence of his involvement in a criminal activity and that he was brutalized by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his appeal statement, the author requested a review of the evaluation of the evidence that he considered to be in error.
With regard to the applicability of the statute of limitations, in relation to both the author's application to the Constitutional Court and the criminal procedure, the author states that, in both cases, it was impossible under the anti-constitutional military regime in place at the time to prosecute the torturers of political dissidents on time.
Since the State party has not entered into a false complaint and has not provided any other relevant information on how executions of capital punishment take place, due weight must be given to the author's claim.
4.16 Secondly, the State party argues that the author has failed to demonstrate how public action has constituted interference with his family life.
6.2 As to the length of the period before the trial, the Committee points out that the dates to be used to determine, in the case under review, the length of the delays occurred are the dates on which the author's arrest and trial took place and not the dates given by the author, namely the date of the alleged crime, or the date of the commencement of the trial.
It is not required to use only the documentation available to the original proceedings of the case and may take into account the elements that were not known when the original decision was made.
The Committee also considers that the State party wrong to assert that it would not have been entitled to a pension under article 13 of the Law on Compensation for Veterans and argues that none of the two bodies responsible for reviewing its application has cast doubt on its ability to meet the criteria set out in the various paragraphs of article 13.
5.2 As to the Committee's temporal jurisdiction ratione temporis, the author considers that he and his family are victims of a continuing violation of article 7 because they still ignore the whereabouts of the person in question.
Witnesses:
He argues that Peruvian judges could have ruled the unconstitutionality of the text if they had received a complaint that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, this time limit does not begin from the notification of the judgment but from the last notice.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance for the voluntary return of detainees to these areas.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed its consideration of the complaint indefinitely.
The authors invoke the decision of HREOC to the extent that it includes an assessment of the facts of the case, which reinforces their argument that the Commissioner has made a wrong decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to annul the decisions of the Qualification Commissions and to reintegrate them into the police.
The authors have seized the proceedings of Tamnes, Aurunden 1997 and Korssjofjell and the authors' requests for expropriation in the latter two cases are pending, but they have not made an application for expropriation in the first of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner were relayed by the Western Fjord District Court, which considered, with reference to the judgement of the Supreme Court in Valencia, that article 7, paragraph 2, of the Fisheries Management Act was contrary to articles 65 (equality right) and 75 (Employment) of the Constitution.
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, noted that the prohibitions “are fully compatible with the right to freedom of expression under article 19, whose exercise entails special responsibilities and duties”.
He immediately informed the judge that he intended to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that, mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be applied in the present case.
3.3 The author claims that he has exhausted domestic remedies and states that the case has not been submitted to another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
In addition, the Council of State emphasizes that a dual remedy may be exercised before the Permanent Chamber or the Judicial College in First Instance and then before the State Appeals Council and that such bodies may order investigative measures.
Thus, by arrest of the Minister of the Interior of 16 March 2001, the author was admitted on 13 months of the author's military service for the length of the author's promotion at the sixth level of the main Prefecture.
In addition, the amount that the State has been convicted to pay for procedural expenses has been paid.
Canada, chapter XII, annual report A/48/40/ Vol.II.
6 See case Cabero Delgado and Santana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (An annual report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/Ser.L/V.33 Doc.
The State party refers to similar observations made by the State party in Pauger v. Austria (communication No. 415/1990, Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
v. France), decision of 3 April 1989.
Meetings
While some of the new appointments were actively opposed to new appointments, the Government's will was gradually required.
Therefore, security is of crucial importance, including the safety of electoral personnel or the ability to participate freely in the voting.
However, the Judicial Reform Commission has made progress in the areas of infrastructure rehabilitation and training.
The situation of women remains inadequate.
Recalls Economic and Social Council decision 2001/36 of 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, indigenous people's organizations, the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues and all relevant mechanisms, procedures and programmes within the United Nations system, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, to submit to the Council as soon as possible, and in any event, the necessary information for consideration by the Council at any time of the year 2000;
The proposed analysis identifies which can legitimately take place at the negotiating table and the items to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of an interregional workshop to support the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in Small Island Developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
To that end, two basic conditions must be met, namely, the existence of a vacant post to which no Azerbaijani citizen has the necessary professional training or skills and the inability of the placement services to find a local job-seekers in accordance with the employer's criteria.
Rest breaks and lunch breaks are not counted as work hours.
In 1997, amendments and additions were made to the Social Welfare Act 1992, which became the Law on the Prevention of Disability and Rehabilitation and Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities.
The same article also provides that children who cannot be integrated into formal preschool institutions due to their physical or mental disabilities are accommodated in specialized preschool institutions.
The results of the eight finalists were communicated to WIPO to participate in the international competitive examination of licensed and master students from 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) The national budget;
(d) Agriculture;
The challenge of good governance is at the core of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play an essential role in the proliferation of arms.
This could lead to a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
This brochure contains guidelines and information on the various options available once compulsory school has been completed.
The implementation of a feminist study programme at the University of Iceland is one of the Centre's priorities for the next few years.
The committee published a programme for equal rights for the Icelandic University for 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall establish the salaries and allowances of the staff of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, in accordance with the standards of the United Nations common system.
b “In Ghana, Hope Arrives through Satellite”, International Herald Tribune, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with IMF
(c) To continue to include in the agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes among States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee reiterates its recommendation to the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that adopted children cannot know the identity of their natural parents, even by their majority and even if they are found to be of higher interest.
(a) The enactment of new legislation and the adoption of several national strategies and programmes, including: decision No. 347/2002 on national programmes of interest in child protection, street children and children placed in institutions; Act No. 678/2001 on trafficking in persons; and Law No. 197/2000 on domestic violence and on children; and national health;
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, the ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning the minimum age of admission to employment and the ILO Convention (No. 182) concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour, ratified by the State party:
(a) Undertake public information campaigns at all levels and in all regions, with a view to eliminating harmful attitudes towards Roma throughout society, especially among authorities such as the police and professionals providing services in the areas of health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore very important for States parties to submit their reports regularly and on time.
(b) To develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as monitoring and collecting data on racist acts;
(d) Ensure that the Family Council has adequate resources to carry out its mandate.
At the national level, there is a growing recognition of the need to consider development goals and policies from a human rights perspective (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical measures, to progressively ensure, by all means, in particular through the adoption of legislative measures, the full realization of Covenant rights
The Labour Code confirms constitutional law, with regard to private and public-sector workers, to establish, without prior authorization, appropriate organizations.
This period is considered to be effective in paying salaries, regardless of the agreed remuneration system.
Information on the current standard of living of the population
In situations of poverty, households who, while paying their full income to meet their food needs, cannot adequately meet them.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of built housing units reached a total of 1,076 843, an annual average of 107 684.
As a percentage of the population and housing stock, the figures represented less than 4 per cent of the population in the country and only 3 per cent of the housing stock.
State housing programmes
With regard to health-related activities, some researchers believe that more than half the decline in infant mortality is associated with the expansion and coverage of health services.
However, there are still very legally binding provisions and procedures for the media and journalists.
FIM: Mineral Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Act No. 19070 of 1996.
However, it is important that the facts relating to violent crimes against women be made public in a dignified manner and in accordance with the privacy of the victim.
The conclusions of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be a matter of urgency.
Japan hopes that all States will do their utmost to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and build on the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete steps at the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms and light weapons during the period between us and the Second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If none of the three options have obtained the majority of votes, the one that has obtained the least votes will be disposed of and a new referendum will be held so that voters may choose between the remaining two options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, shall decide which to vote.
• Women with higher education levels want fewer children.
Kunst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting to Review the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
xi.
In their final communiqué, the participants of the Tenth Islamic Summit Conference, held in Malaysia last month, invited the Security Council to approve the road map on achieving peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for its timely implementation.
It is important to set out here the three main foundations of this objective, as they demonstrate our determination to keep this theme in the long term.
However, according to the Israeli representative's assertions, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption on the part of the Palestinians.
Armenia has continued to implement, for nearly 10 years now, its policy of blockade of the Autonomous Republic of Nakhchivan, causing tremendous suffering to the civilian population of that part of the country.
Similarly, it is imperative that the Government and civil society work hand in hand to encourage the growth and development of our children.
Last year, United Nations Member States adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have free access to health care and education, which is compulsory.
At the same time, it was able to reduce expenditures through energy economy measures.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention for the Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session on 17 October 2003;
“The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission to Guinea-Bissau, to be undertaken by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, which will be the first part of a comprehensive mission to West Africa, and looks forward to its conclusions and recommendations.
The United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (WGV) (Insolvency Law)* Twenty-eighth session New York, 24-28 February 2003 Draft Legislative Guide on Insolvency Law Note by the Secretariat [For example, chapters I and II of the Guide are issued as document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2; Part Two of the Guide is issued in documents A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
However, an informal translation of article 3 of this Act, which describes national measures to implement international sanctions, can be provided.
Annex
As a result, no person affected by such a measure may obtain entry visas from Lebanese Consulates or public safety.
Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Colombia, Ecuador, El Salvador, Estonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the Russian Federation, Fiji, Ghana, Guatemala, Honduras, the Marshall Islands, Iceland, India, Latvia, Lithuania, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and the United States of America.
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To consider the question of the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider reviewing and, where appropriate, revise their immigration policies with a view to eliminating all unfair practices against migrants and members of their families and to providing specialized training to officials responsible for policy development, law enforcement, immigration and other services, including with the assistance of non-governmental organizations and civil society, emphasizing the importance of creating an effective environment for the promotion of coherence and action in order to create an effective and efficient manner;
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and that it is essential to ensure the full enjoyment of those rights and freedoms without discrimination of all persons with disabilities,
Thus, not only the occupying Power has decided to physically rehabilitate the areas that have been placed under full Palestinian control under the agreements reached, but it seems that it has now decided to take control of civil affairs in those areas.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 in which the Governing Council of UN-Habitat approved the establishment of the Special Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian People and the Technical Cooperation Trust Fund with a budget of $5 million for an initial period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a broad-based system of preferences, agreed upon in 1968 at the second session of the Conference, will successfully translate into an innovative approach the issue of access by developing countries to the markets of industrialized countries.
International disciplines and commitments — essential to the establishment of an international economic regime based on rules — are beginning to encompass areas that have been the sole responsibility of national Governments.
Special and differential treatment can be useful in addressing the economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing and developed countries.
What must be the role of government?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
There will be a meeting of the Coordinating Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The Convention was adopted at the plenary meeting of the General Assembly on 31 October 2003 at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken specific measures, although not limited to cases of kidnapping, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims appearing before court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane as Deputy Special Representative in Asmara.
After completing its work for 50 minutes, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at http://www.itu.int/wsis/documents.
We have yet to respond to essential questions about Iraq's past production of chemical and biological weapons, which remain its capabilities and potential programmes.
Population density and distribution have influenced emissions from transport and housing.
Some provide for increased emissions from this sector, despite the measures implemented, adopted and envisaged.
(c) Asile and refuge several delegations stressed the need to link the obligation not to grant asylum or safe haven to persons suspected of having participated in enforced disappearance, with the need not to return such persons to a State where they risked being subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious human rights violations.
Fifty-eighth session
However, further steps could be required because, in their discussions, specialized intergovernmental bodies generally focus on substantive issues and did not consider the role of the Secretariat, namely, the activities of the programme of work.
(f) The presentation and timing of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
This date is therefore particularly timely to discuss non-permanent members of the Security Council, who, with permanent members, uphold the principles of the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
A discussion is therefore now going to commit to revising the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on the strengthening of legal and administrative measures and the mobilization of international cooperation and coordination to that end, my delegation, without diverting attention from that effort, would like to emphasize other aspects that could be considered, which are also mentioned in the report, particularly with regard to South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to know and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and associated individuals and entities could unite different groups of different ethnic and national origins by using their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the follow-up to the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations3 and United Nations funds and programmes4 for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations;2
31.35 The main task of the High-level Committee on Management is to guide the work of the United Nations system on administrative and management issues relevant to the system as a whole and to promote inter-agency cooperation and coordination on these issues on behalf of the Chief Executives Board.
My question is as follows: What can be expected for further contributions? Because, as previous speakers have said, this process will be long, and will require significant funding, including coordination and cooperation from other countries with the lead country.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braun, who have made presentations that have led to so many relevant questions on Afghanistan, although some of those questions were more or less answered.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report monthly to managers on variances and intends to explore various solutions to improve the updating of regional inventories.
(b) There should be sufficient staffing at Headquarters and in missions to cope with the volume of air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces (UNPF)d
Statement XI (concluded)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to promote the use of identification systems, including the application of the Object-ID standard, and to encourage linkages between such systems and the existing databases, including the International Criminal Police Organization (Interpol), to enable electronic transmission of information to reduce trafficking in cultural property, and encourages further action by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization;
The political process must therefore be broad and open enough to allow all Afghans who wish to participate in good faith in political life to do so and not be left out of the problem, which is increasingly encouraging them to join the ranks of those who actively oppose the peace process.
I would now like to offer a clearer description of the situation by providing the Council with the latest information on specific developments in Afghanistan since the December briefing.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep conviction that security is one and indivisible must benefit all.
It could be so if it was accepted to liberate itself from old doctrines and renounce nuclear doctrine.
Given the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution will enjoy the widest possible support from States parties as well as States not parties to the Convention.
In accordance with that view, at a ministerial meeting of the Quartet, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, introduced the initiative to adopt a special resolution of the Security Council that supports the road map.
The President: Are there any other delegation that wishes to speak at this stage?
Furthermore, no consensus has yet emerged on issues such as the elimination of unilateral measures (e.g. export bans imposed by producer countries and boycotts in consuming countries), as they are incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, a number of large timber companies are implementing environmental management systems designed to ensure that wood from safe sources for the environment and for society.
This is done in the management of concessions, the development of forest plantations and the downstream processing of forest products.
(i) Urge countries and relevant organizations to continue improving the timely collection and dissemination of information on the production, consumption, trade and prices of wood and non-wood forest products in order to promote market transparency.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former law, composed mainly of treaties imposed, should be repealed in full and replaced by more just and equitable legislation, more protective of the interests of indigenous people.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years, men are more likely than women to work because custom wants girls to stay at home no later than boys early in seeking work.
The rights and obligations inherent in marriage are the same for cohabitants; witnesses can testify that a couple live under the same roof for at least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501)]
In its resolution 42/11, the Commission requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to use the expertise and experience gained in the implementation of its global technical assistance programmes, as well as information gathered through various relevant questionnaires.
Item 8. Other trade and development issues:
UNCTAD has worked with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa on the preparations for the Cancún Conference by participating in the High-level Meeting of African Trade Negotiators to the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference and the African Union Trade Ministers Meeting in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Cancún Conference.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries in participating in the Doha work programme in the area of trade and environment continue in close cooperation and coordination with the secretariats of WTO, UNEP and the United Nations regional commissions, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, and with civil society.
He also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the Kennedy School of Government of the University of Harare in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachusets, on 23 and 24 September 2002, in which he presented the work of the Commission on ICT development indices.
We also recognize that globalization, and in practical terms the increase in international trade, offers hope for growth for our peoples.
Last year, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and promised to report on the progress made.
In addition, women participate in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women, which are part of a coordinated and integrated development system that includes care for mothers and children, thus consolidating equality between men and women in a society that believes in the unity of the family, high-cost, gender equality and family rights.
Developing countries are facing development challenges today, which can only be addressed through concerted international efforts and support to ensure the necessary political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
I would like to address two specific criminal justice questions:
The United Nations must therefore continue to contribute to the process of restoring peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has sought to ensure greater coherence with its principles.
Major developments in the global balance of forces and global goals have occurred since the creation of the United Nations, 58 years ago.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe at Thessaloniki, the European Union will continue to steadfastly support the efforts of the Secretary-General to achieve a comprehensive, just, viable and practical solution to the Cyprus problem, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each committee shall elect its Chairman from among its members.
Those arrested or detained must be informed of the reasons for their arrest or detention and their right to be assisted by a lawyer.
The latest publication was the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child in January 2003.
Answer:
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21st meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered section 28 (Public information) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and other relevant human rights instruments,
Also deplores in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that those responsible or active personnel or former officials or personnel of a troop/police contributor State that are not a party to the Rome Statute shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of that State for any allegations of acts or omissions arising from the Multinational Force or the United Nations Stabilization Force in Liberia or associated with, and shall be excluded from the formal troop/police contributor;
Also requests the working group to consider the information presented and to report on its comments and recommendations to transnational corporations, other enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other sources of information thereon;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub/2003/L.34, sponsored by Mr. Chen Shiqiu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Mbonu, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Dominicans for Justice and Peace
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could join a number of levels to ensure an exchange of information on user needs and a broader objective of integrating GNSS and its complementarities with basic infrastructure in developing countries.
Governments do not measure the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and disease control.
Expected outcome
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) is developing a synthesis document, to which members of the Partnership are contributing, to assessing the relationship between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, subparagraph (f), provides: “any person arrested or detained shall be formally charged and brought before the competent court within 48 hours” and “there shall be no pre-trial detention”.
(f) Support to the Peace and Security Council for the implementation of humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Protocol on the establishment of the Peace and Security Council of the African Union;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is an area that could benefit greatly from education-based education and awareness-raising programmes.
Sources indicated that in some areas, the principle of accountability was relatively well applied, but that was mainly due to the individuals concerned.
Decides to include the following items in the agenda of the third session of the Committee on the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvoness Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intended to review this initiative, as well as the issue of debt sustainability, at its autumn meeting.
This meeting will provide policy makers with an opportunity to address issues related to development cooperation.
Mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Office of Legal Affairs made several statements in explanation of the Council's rules of procedure.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
Thus, we are in a phase of launching our political tools, particularly those relating to flexibility criteria.
Recruitment staff will require training beyond the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report gives us an overview of the Council's work over the past year in its area of responsibility, namely, the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) Assist in maximizing the relevance of the outcome of the work of the Assembly and the Council and in ensuring the establishment of arrangements to monitor their effective implementation, including by linking the outcome of the high-level segment of the Council to the deliberations of the General Assembly;
10.16 Expected accomplishments include: (a) the development of the knowledge, know-how and management tools of government and relevant institutions, with a view to better equipping them to implement a environmental policy; (b) the development of original technical cooperation agreements for the installation and use of appropriate and environmentally sound technologies; and (c) the development by Governments of institutional arrangements to better respond to environmental emergencies;
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary prevention of drug use among youth; the diversification of drug treatment and rehabilitation services; policy and strategy development; training and capacity-building; and the identification and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 Conservation and sustainable management of the forest ecosystems of Central Africa
Strategy
(d) Promoting the use of information and communication technology and space technology applications, including by facilitating adaptation to local conditions or transfer of best practices.
Indicators of achievement would include (a) the number of members and associate members who have received assistance from ESCAP and the further initiatives they have undertaken to improve their ICT policies and the institutional framework; (b) the number of national ICT training centres and the number of technical cooperation activities among developing countries implemented with the assistance of ESCAP; and (c) the establishment of a regional cooperation mechanism on space applications;
Strategy
Achieving the targets will be determined by more rapid assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; more timely and coordinated responses to disaster-affected countries; a higher level of participation in disaster management training; a closer field-level and regional cooperation; and a greater donor response to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation to reduce the impact of the El Niño phenomenon
Programme 26 Least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States
The Institute also conducted training courses.
- The 2002 selection of women and victory (Seoul, 26 February 2002).
Ms. Olendi (Mexico) said that in three years of power, Mr. Vicente Fox had laid the foundation for a full exercise of human rights.
In that regard, his delegation endorsed the High Commissioner's recommendation that efforts be made to create a culture of tolerance and respect for others and not violence.
New laws were required, but the most important challenge was the adoption of laws, but their practical implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the Fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their reduced mobility can prevent them from leaving, even when water is contaminated, minefields are mined and supply sources are cut off.
Such services should be developed and a social contract is politically viable.
This statement also aims at strengthening cooperation in order to better implement the laws, provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and special recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (FATF).
Ms. Knowles (Australia) recalled that there were about one year ago, 88 Australians had died and 202 were injured as a result of the Bali terrorist attack.
However, in the exceptional cases where organizations can be created, the relevant decisions must be binding and the creation of the new institution emanates from the functions of the organization that established it.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (Second Committee matters)
The BRF has worked on specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism within the Fiji financial system.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its one-year response capacity.
The statement is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve or return to the encumbered assets, such as asset repairers, have a security right in the encumbered assets, which generally benefits security rights in the same secured assets of other receivables.
Reforms and other non-lethal equipment
The terms of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP and the corresponding project document relating to the Interim Authority should be extended as much as necessary (capacity and resources);
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work done by the United Nations and the specialized agencies to support the economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsor of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
Among men, the decline is even greater, as the proportion rose from 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, within the manufacturing sector itself, there has been a new distribution of production, desiring into the manufacture of shoes and clothing for the benefit of electronics, engineering and health-related products.
It is proposed that family therapy be provided to families who are involved in drug abuse or at play.
An important initiative has been the removal of illegal boats from Armiri, with the joint operation with the Land Department.
The land is returned to owners or their heirs as if their acquisition by the State has never occurred, provided that owners place the land on the cadastre within three months of restitution.
In fact, the situation was considered unfair with regard to Maltese donors and the amendments made in 1995 to the 1944 Housing Permits Regulation, the Housing Awards Ordinance, 1959 and the Housing Award Regulation Ordinance, 1931 on the renewal of urban property did not apply to the rental lease agreement contracted on 1 June 1995 or after that date the restrictions imposed by the above legislation.
The programme consists of several integrated programmes, including pre-construction services (i.e. frequent filic filters, genetic counselling service), prenatal consultation, difficult birth service, child-care services, periodic examinations of babies, free vaccine, school medicine, child abuse centre and child development assessment service.
Municipal councils reconfigured and moved district clinics, while NGOs are particularly concerned to organize special services for disadvantaged groups of the community, such as disabled persons and drug users.
The Catholic Church provides its own school buildings and facilities, but is also responsible for the maintenance of its institutions and funding for the eventual expansion.
Candidates for academic studies must have successfully reviewed the baccalaureate who simply gives access to university and must also meet the special conditions for admission to certain studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD encompasses virtually all aspects of the socio-economic and political structures of society, including development planning, sound economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, security, agriculture, health and education, among other basic elements of any progress indicator.
However, the problem we face in this regard is that the General Assembly's mandated body to discuss the issue of Security Council reform — that is, the Open-ended Working Group on Council reform — has not been able to achieve significant progress since the establishment of General Assembly resolution 48/26 in 1993.
1.6 The CTC would appreciate receiving information on the conclusions reached by the Commission established by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Waqfs, referred to in pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report in order to bring the existing criminal law into line with international terrorist offences.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and potential use of United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability” conducted by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Disability of the University of Galway, Ireland, at the request of OHCHR, analyses the provisions of the six United Nations human rights instruments from the perspective of disability and reviews the functioning of the United Nations system.
Measures of States 9 - 22 6
In this regard, OHCHR supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the draft Supplement.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or their modification, a simple interpretative declaration, contrary to an ordinary reservation, may be formulated at any time.
It was also queried whether it should be strictly or extended to certain types of conduct of States that could produce legal effects.
But the 26 million Iraqis deserve it.
There is an urgent need for the message of inspectors appointed by the Security Council and for the responses expected.
Inspections cannot continue indefinitely without prompt, active and effective cooperation in Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the question of Palestine
I believe that the announcement made by President Bush last Friday that the Quartet would present the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible Prime Minister with sufficient authority would be confirmed, is an important step on which we must build.
Accordingly, the Secretary-General's proposals to reduce the additional requirements are limited to those indicated above and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the Commission's guidelines, the Special Rapporteur has consistently paid particular attention to gender-based distinctions.
Requests for approval are registered in a registry (RCA).
The process of ratification of the Convention is being finalized.
In expected accomplishment (a), replace “social problems” with “social development problems”.
Malawi would like all States to take the defence and the promotion of the Court's functions and credibility and to strengthen its jurisdiction and independence: it must be vigilant and clear engagement of all States; it should also be carefully selected by the Court's officials, especially judges whose personal integrity and independence must be above all suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) — The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands notes that the Dutch courts do not believe that most economic and social rights are directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members also have before them document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
It has been developed jointly by the United Nations and national organizations dealing with issues of interest to the sustainable development of the oceans and the progress of the oceanography, under the primary responsibility of FAO and under the leadership of a steering committee and a technical committee, which has coordinated work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
To meet the assessment needs of the Convention, the Global Assessment should include an assessment of biodiversity at the ecosystems, species and genes.
Special Unit for the Review of Global Policy (Guidance report)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: environment and sustainable development)
She thanked the main directors for the information provided on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in human resources management of the Organization.
Expert meeting on the definition of environmental goods and services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, however, the poor performance of private enterprises and social discontent are troubling.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of the draft resolution (A/C.3/58.L.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
But there should also be policy reforms and capacity-building in developing countries.
OHCHR also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations Country Team, as well as with ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The Technology Transfer and Foreign Investment Act 1992 had liberalized FDI inflows and guaranteed the repatriation of profits and capital.
We regret that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and military actions against Palestinian civilians, the Government of Prime Minister Sharon will act in support of the peace process.
Palestinians want to put an end to the occupation, with the certainty that they will have a truly viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, set forth in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without distinction of any kind, including gender,
Most of the support was provided for intensive training for teachers, administrators and evaluators at the provincial level.
The group referred to the various forms of education under article 6 and noted that there were several organized, formal and informal activities targeting children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Awareness (Chairperson: Ms. Višnja Gugasović, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauer, Switzerland)
Thus, article 139 of the Penal Code states that “the conspiracy to commit any of the offences referred to in this section shall be subject to the same penalties as those imposed on the actual commission of the act”.
According to article 148 as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001, forced labour is punishable by any person who produces, possesses or transports any kind of explosive or inflamable material or any toxic, incendiary, infectious, bacteriological, bacteriological, chemical, radiological or assimilated, and any components thereof, to commit terrorist acts or to allow others to use them to that end.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening the role of the United Nations in enhancing the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and the promotion of democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of United Nations peacekeeping operations
The “E3” Panel found that Van Oord was entitled to compensation for some of its tangible property losses but recommended that it not pay compensation for its other claims.
It is further noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its ability to support the Counter-Terrorism Committee when necessary, the Department for Disarmament Affairs should draw public attention to the risk of the use of weapons of mass destruction in terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that much more needs to be done to achieve the objectives and priorities set out therein;
(h) Closed-circuit television services;
It was suggested that the General Assembly:
They discussed, inter alia, agreements and institutions aimed at improving the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment and the Marine Environment of the South-East Pacific and the Action Plan thereto; the Convention on the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment in the Caribbean Region and its Protocol on Specially Protected Areas and Life; the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the Baltic Sea;
Another proposal was that the main bodies that needed to participate in the consideration of the topics entrusted to groups should prepare joint reports to be submitted to the groups at the beginning of the meetings, with the focus and nature of inter-agency coordination in the areas of treaties, with a view to complementing the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea, to be continued for distribution before the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In paragraph 19, at the second line, the word “education” is to replace the word “information” with the word “information” and, at the fifth line, the words “shall decide to provide any assistance available in this regard” should be replaced by the words “Welcoming the invitation of the Chairman of the Special Committee to assist Tokelau in September 2003”.
On the occasion of a presentation on the effects of structural adjustment on human development, which he delivered at a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki identified three main features of structural adjustment and stabilization programmes: they are in a limited nature; they are in the hands of capitalism and weaken State power.
Any attempt to link the prohibition of future production and the issue of existing stocks would have the effect of unnecessarily prolonging negotiations and undermining nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament.
(a) In electing additional members, the General Assembly will respect the following distribution of seats:
According to the World Bank, housing costs increased by 12 per cent in the first 15 months of the second intifada.42, 43
PCDAR is an implementing agency that reports directly to the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority were given, camp refugees replaced and amended their homes and added others.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea on the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union was also committed to promoting gender equality and the empowerment of women and believed that the gender perspective should be integrated into development strategies and policies at all levels, including in the work of the United Nations.
There are currently two district leaders on a total of 141.
As for the World Health Organization, it employs four women and six men.
Despite the compulsory nature of primary education enshrined in the 1991 Constitution, the problems are acute at this level of education.
The success rate was 71 per cent in total and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the tertiary technical education sector, primary discipline attendance was as follows:
Women dominate the trade sector, where women's ratio is 2 to 1, textile production and garment, and the food industry other than rice melting.
According to the study, only 37 per cent of women had already used a condom.
(AfDB, 1996; Sendbergen, etc.
The village leader is assisted by a deputy but out of a total of 12,491 deputy, only 101 are women.
Our work on small arms has many aspects, but the human aspect must remain our guide.
We also wish to ensure the success of the 2004 Review Conference to be held in Nairobi, Kenya, which will help achieve that goal.
At the same time, it is important to control weapons and impose restrictions in order to strike an adequate balance between legitimate security needs and the unnecessary loss of innocent lives, which is a result of irresponsible policies in the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
In addition, she would like to know whether there were figures showing the number of men and women working in the private and public sectors.
Ms. Gonzalez asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Reproductive and Sexual Rights referred to in paragraph 420 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Service on Sexual and Reproductive Rights, referred to in paragraph 421, were two distinct or silent institutions that dealt with the same and whether they treated rights in itself or only health matters.
Invites the Special Committee to consider, in the negotiating process, the contributions of the United Nations system and relevant international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties will hold regular meetings in accordance with its rules of procedure.
The Chairman, however, hoped that each organization represented at the meeting would, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources, as appropriate, establish a mechanism for exchanging information.
Other matters
“ Welcomes the decision of the Government of Benin to host a regional preparatory conference in May 2004 in collaboration with the United Nations;
Emphasizes the importance of adopting effective measures, including, where appropriate, new financial mechanisms, in support of the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, reducing poverty and strengthening their democratic systems, while reaffirming that each country bears the primary responsibility for achieving its own economic and social development and that national policies play a leading role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Belize, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cyprus, Denmark, Ecuador, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Peru, Poland, the Russian Federation, Portugal, Spain and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of Great Britain and
These are derived from the report of the Secretary-General on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, tables 1 to 4).
A woman was appointed as Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (on 1 January 2003) and another was recently appointed Humanitarian Envoy of the Secretary-General for the Crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with effect from 10 January 2003).
The severe respiratory tract has shown that regional and international cooperation is essential to address the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives aimed at enhancing the effectiveness and visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the riots in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country seemed to be slightly back to normal.
There is a need to ensure, through training courses and adequate support, that the existing standards provide best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need to take such action;
[(c) [Afin to avoid any doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, inter alia, to rule on all matters raised by or relating to the provisions of paragraph [b)]
Mr. Neser (Sweden) associated himself with the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/12 (A/58/264);
Expressing grave concern at the continuation of Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, United Nations resolutions on the subject and agreements reached between the parties, including the ongoing construction and expansion of the settlements of Jabal Abu Ghounaym and Ras-Amoud in and around East Jerusalem,
International cooperation in the field of environmental protection should focus on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and the strengthening of relevant sustainable development agencies at the national, regional and local levels, as this would help developing countries to better cope with climate change issues.
To ensure environmental sustainability, global environmental conventions need universal support.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by adopting the necessary laws or regulations to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, to implement a system such as ODS, due consideration should be given to the organization of the Secretariat, as set out in Secretary-General's bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5 of 12 September 1997, under which section (1): “The Secretariat, which is one of the principal organs of the United Nations, has headquarters in New York.
Level 5 is granted to representatives and access documents for distribution to participants, such as conference room papers (CRP), in addition to accessible documents at level 4.
In examining the websites of the organizations or bodies whose official documents are posted on ODS, it was noted that some of them did not indicate that the documents in question were available through the ODS.
The initial system has responded to needs for nearly 10 years, which is so much as to see the speed of technical innovation.
The examination of these identifiers should sometimes be done manually, and the task is painstaking and takes a long time (from three to six months) and represents additional work when staff resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, on 5, 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some are even suspected of helping others acquire weapons of mass destruction, while some would seek to obtain such weapons, or to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge posed by terrorism as a new and real threat to the international arena poses a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
They attended by representatives of 117 States, as well as observers for services of the United Nations Secretariat, United Nations bodies and research institutes, specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I am encouraged by the work of the Security Council Ad Hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa, the Economic and Social Council Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three areas in which ECLAC intended to act as a priority during the biennium 2004-2005, namely, policies to promote equality and poverty reduction in the region; national policies to strengthen the links between economic and social development and ongoing globalization; and the integration of environmental perspectives into government policies in the region.
The first group met with the Director of the Plant, who asked about the materials produced by the plant, the problems encountered in production, as well as the effects on production.
Expressing its appreciation to those countries that continue to host Afghan refugee populations and at the same time calling again on all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations with regard to the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons and to allow access by international agencies capable of providing assistance and protection to those people,
(ii) Intergovernmental Organizations;
Special arrangements for annual payment or for a longer period of budget contributions by the Government of the country in which the Centre is installed (hereinafter referred to as “the host Government”), by any other member of UNIDO or by any intergovernmental organization having relations with UNIDO pursuant to article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between the Governments or organizations concerned and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They noted that the Evaluation Office might disperse its efforts and might lose efficiency.
Type: Satellite
The following year, Nauru has been placed even lower; the members of the Group have included it on the list of “measures”, not because of the insufficient legislation, but because the rules of the game have changed and we have not had the capacity to oversee the offshore banks registered in Nauru.
In addition to the fight to ban weapons of mass destruction, it is absolutely urgent to address the problem of small arms and light weapons that play a role in conflict and insecurity in many of our countries.
Unfortunately, it would seem that, for a very small number of Member States, the issue is not a problem of formulation or terminology, but it involves other factors that, very frankly, we have difficulty fully seizing.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account the differences between States with regard to the scope of criminal law relating, inter alia, to prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornography.
Corrigendum
In addition, a few girls' schools are set up, and they are used as a day-to-day meal to encourage their pupils not to leave school.
There are no data on the level of illiteracy among women in rural areas.
To be held in eight closed meetings on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the Middle East region
Notes the importance of the ongoing bilateral peace negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security in promoting mutual trust and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiate a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks posed by irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines to human beings.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of its mandate contained in resolution 57/61, to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO looks forward to working with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national action plans and to form the implementation programme.
To date, in view of the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the recent meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes are permitted; many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on the way forward in translating all previous commitments into reality and defining new commitments for the full realization of the objectives of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomed the results of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development, which significantly clarified the Commission's future methods and programme of work.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that have participated in these difficult consultations over the past few months, whose will and dedication have enabled the adoption of the resolution today.
The overall management of reform and judicial review remains the responsibility of the National Transitional Government of Liberia, with assistance from international expert organizations under the leadership of the United Nations through the knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[In the case of afforestation or reforestation project activities under the CDM for which CERs are issued,] a designated operational entity shall periodically verify and certify that appropriate insurance is valid during the reporting period ]
Amphetamine continues to be manufactured mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should have priority to ensure that all their services work together and pool their resources and knowledge to combat drug trafficking.
Such management and use is also essential for the quality of extensive pastures and soil conservation.
Annex II
The Victorian State (Australia) supports Fiji's police in the use of radar pistols and provides training materials on road safety.
If those who resort to traffickers deliberately do so, they are not very vulnerable to abuse in their per cent, including extortion by corrupt representatives of immigration authorities or other law enforcement officials.
It was to be hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in the area of peace and security would renew the concept of cooperation of all countries in favour of peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of General Assembly resolution 377 (V) adopted in 1950.
The crew of the “Shenzou”, who want to say, “the divine”, in Chinese, stole in outer space and is healthy, except on Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the killing, violence and other human rights violations and atrocities committed recently in Bunia, as well as the attacks against the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and internally displaced persons in the Mission's premises, and reaffirms that such acts will not go unpunished and that their perpetrators must respond to them.
Appendix A
Under the operative paragraphs of the second draft resolution, entitled “Model legislative provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects”, the General Assembly may wish to express its appreciation to the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law for having successfully completed the elaboration and adoption of model legislative provisions, request the Secretary-General to issue them and recommend that all States give due consideration to the model legislative provisions and the Legislative Guide.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/515)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, Rwanda, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court ruled against him in public hearings a six-year sentence and six months of the head of tax evasion and a violation of the obligation to hold accounts.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Purpose of reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, Chair of the SBI, and Mr. Halldor Thorgeirsson, Chair of the SBSTA, presented the objectives of each of the workshops and indicated the expected results.
The workshop, which was intended for officials from Asian countries to prepare the reports requested under article 18 of the Convention, focused mainly on States that had not yet submitted initial reports.
As the economic situation had subsequently improved, the Government had adopted a dual approach to gender equality, both to integrate a gender perspective into its strategies and to develop gender-specific policies and programmes, which allowed it to address gender-based discrimination more systematically.
The Committee also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns be carried out for parliamentarians, including judicial authorities and legal professionals.
In the light of all these elements, I would like to call once again on the Council to consider carefully the international measures that will ensure the necessary security for the progress of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I wish to reiterate the determination of the Government of Kenya to fully implement the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other relevant international instruments.
The Secretary-General believes that the Institute's expenditures for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including salaries for the nine existing posts (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service posts), would amount to $970,300.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has proved to be effective in terms of time, effort and resources.
(b) Such guidelines will be incorporated into the programme presentations instructions for 2004, and will include, as recommended in the audit on staff training, direct costs for the design, development and implementation of training activities funded from the administrative budget, and training projects managed by the Personnel Development Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution as a whole (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item 14 (a).
The document is composed of three parts.
Compilation and synthesis of experiences on actions taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priorities and actions taken by Annex II Parties to implement decisions 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE may, within its verification mandate, ensure that the parties fulfil their security responsibilities with respect to employees of the contractors of the Boundary Commission working on the ground and intervene in extreme situations to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs indicated in this document are purely indicative.
However, only eight countries, against the 19 target, reached their completion point in mid-2003.
On 22 October 2003, between midnight and 015 hours, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea off Beirut, 20 kilometres off the coast of Beirut, headed by Jounié and up to the west of Shakka (at 11 miles off the coast).
At 2149 hours, an Israeli military boat fired a flare shell in the above-mentioned waters.
The Secretariat should strictly observe the six-week rule for the publication of documents and all relevant General Assembly resolutions and regulations, in particular the texts that require that the United Nations should refrain from issuing documents on paper or on its website until they are available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation was never more favourable to women than in 2003.
Scotland will explore in the near future the possibility of extending the scope of these bans.
The annual budget for childcare services for 2003-2004 will be more than threefold from 2000-2001 and these additional funds are mainly earmarked for the most disadvantaged areas.
As part of the priorities for action for 2002-2003, the goal of a 72 per cent participation rate by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was set.
Goals have been set for reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies among adolescent mothers, and measures are planned to improve communication, promote education and provide women with user-friendly services.
According to the health Scottish plan adopted in December 2000, Our National Health: a plan for action for change, NHS must ensure that health personnel are able, professionally and culturally, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The Directors of all NHS organizations in Scotland have also personally committed to implementing this programme by signing the Leadership Challenge of the Commission for Special Equality (the Race Equality Commission).
Concerted efforts have been made to improve services in rural areas, such as schools, police, posts and childcare services.
The Court is developing a draft partnership with advisory bodies that could involve electronic links between proposed business centres, courtrooms and the complainant.
A strategy is being developed, with two main objectives: reaching more women and children and raising awareness about their security and protection choices; and reducing social tolerance of such crimes to no longer be excused, tolerated or ignored.
In this context, we believe that, as was stated at the last session of the Committee 661, an emergency plan to speed up this process of renegotiating the financial amendments of those contracts is required.
We hope that all the issues highlighted by the Head of the Office of the Iraq Programme, in his report to the Council on 29 September, as not yet settled or agreed upon, will be fully resolved to ensure that this transfer is carried out in the best possible and timely manner.
It may be useful now to provide for the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as had already attempted to do so by Philip Alston as an independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the unswerving facts and the serious challenges that must be overcome and overcome if we want, as stipulated in the Millennium Declaration, to take durable peace and to achieve sustained development.
Table 2 Number of donors that have pledged multi-year contributions to UNFPA regular resources, 2000-2003, by region (as at 28 February 2003)
In a democracy, the majority of Canadians have the responsibility to choose the rules to which they wish to accede and, in recent years, Canadians have shown that they want less violence, both in real life and in the media.
Research shows that, with regard to crime issues, there is a need, if for financial reasons, to re-establish and focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the Bureau, decided that the term of office of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November following the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted by consensus resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of the present report).
The Court's proposed budget is dictated by the Court's primary purpose: to conduct fair public trials within a reasonable time.
A second technician maintains the Office of the Prosecutor's database and provides all necessary technical support for the daily use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, which is guided by the same functional approach as that applied to other major programmes, is aimed at ensuring maximum efficiency through the establishment of a common service package at both the judicial branch and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions involve the creation of three separate sub-groups within the Victims Participation and Compensation Unit in 2004, namely, the participation sub-group, the compensation sub-group and the Fund's sub-group for victims.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and Documentation Section
Performance indicators
• Travel (including those of security officers for the Prosecutor, the President, judges and assistant staff travelling to high-risk areas): €952,691
It would also serve as adviser on internal legal issues relating to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Deputy Executive Director explained that the amount of the contribution was only one aspect of the calculation: if the two other criteria — payment with and contributions to thematic funds — were satisfied, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
He also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the pre-eminence of law and would welcome further details on that subject.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not the modification of an existing reservation but the formulation of a completely new reservation.
The Office has prepared a comprehensive document on legal and judicial reform, which provides an update on progress made over the past 10 years, in preparation for the mid-term meeting of the donor advisory group to be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also emphasize the need for more intensive use of the peaceful settlement of disputes, as contemplated in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
In considering peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be advised on how to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society militant groups; the new measures have been the subject of a relatively strong consensus within the Government coalition, and it is hoped that the regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28 as at 31 January and 29 and 30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are crucial to the sustainability of the human species and the environment; our traditional knowledge systems must be respected, encouraged and protected; our collective intellectual property rights must be recognized and guaranteed, without the free, prior and informed consent of traditional knowledge holders, traditional knowledge holders must not become public domain, and cultural and intellectual property is protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further details and proposals on the structure during the intersessional period.
It may be aggravated by 5 to 10 years and the fine of 50,000 to 1,000 CFA francs if it is determined that the offender has usually carried out this activity.
1 Under-Secretary-General;
The Civil Code which regulates family relations proclaims in Articles 78 and 80 that the human person is subject to the right from birth and to death, and has the enjoyment and exercise of all private rights except as otherwise provided.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been established to ensure effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of entry through land, permission to enter may be obtained at the borders with delegations from immigration and border authorities.
Annex
Such differences between men and women in other diplomatic gradients are not apparent.
The recognition of the values and potential of assistance that non-governmental organizations can provide to governmental institutions is reflected in the cooperation programme of the Government of Croatia with the non-commercial non-governmental sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Belize) said that the exclusion of Taiwan from the United Nations violated the principles of universality and self-determination enshrined in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
Concern was also expressed that the inclusion of the “or commitment to implement” member would not make the definition too broad.
However, concern was expressed that alternative B did not specifically refer to the carrier's liability and that paragraph 1 of its paragraph 1 indicated that the carrier was “displaced from liability” without first defining that responsibility.
The Working Group as a whole approved the substance of the paragraph.
* “Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Gabon, India, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Pakistan, Russian Federation, Senegal, Sierra Leone, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Swaziland, Thailand, Togo, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play an equally crucial role in other situations of tension, such as the question of Palestine.
It is the Iraqi regime that it has always to avoid war.
I would like to highlight the very useful contributions of many speakers before me, who have greatly enriched our debate on this very important issue.
My delegation has listened carefully to the statements made by the Member States of the United Nations during this debate.
A starting point could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that he believes should guide our decisions in the future of Iraq.
The Security Council bears and will continue to bear the primary responsibility for global peace and international security.
My Government has committed itself — and will continue to do so — in the fight against international terrorism.
We must be aware that there are still people living under foreign occupation who are entitled to resist such occupation under international law.
We also take further steps to enhance cooperation in this area with other Central Asian States.
It is said:
Special allocations for the Resident Coordinator support line will continue to be used in support of coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3 above, the Administrator provides in his budget proposals for the funding of the funds administered by UNDP, separate appropriations that are submitted separately for approval by the Executive Board.
It will provide its partners with the lessons learned and proven practices in order to ensure that their policies and programmes address the concerns of poor women, those affected and infected with HIV/AIDS, those in conflict and post-conflict situations and those otherwise excluded from participation in decisions affecting their lives and choices.
This proposal does not therefore envisage reducing the recovery rate to take account of the perceived interest, which currently stands at about 2 per cent.
The ceiling support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 was $7.3 million.
In order to compare with changes in the volume of approved activities for the current fiscal year, the increase or decrease is reported using the same coefficient for approval of appropriations.
Urban Secretariat
Burkina Faso indicated that it had initiated the ratification process.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter of 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report from Indonesia submitted to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of issues before the Council is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
Reforestation and afforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization had led to a decline in government revenues as a result of declining tariffs and taxes, and therefore reduced public spending, especially in the social sector.
Clarification was sought with regard to the joint group of the Commission on Human Rights/WTO proposed by the independent expert; some delegations stressed the need for human rights issues, including the right to development, to be considered in the existing forums, such as UNCTAD and WTO, that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, the above-mentioned delegations called for enhanced South-South cooperation, trade and regional integration.
One speaker expressed the view that the working group itself already constituted a follow-up mechanism and that there was a need to review national studies and experiences and follow up on the outcome of United Nations conferences.
In this context, the working group considered that States should, inter alia, endeavour to remove protectionist barriers to exports from developing countries and remove in some economic sectors subsidies that adversely affect their exports.
The Commission also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate this work, including by presenting recommendations, as appropriate.
The group posed questions to the Director of the project on the water treatment methodology, the quantities of chlorine consumed annually, the quantities of chlorine containing water, the number of employees and the chlorine entities.
Lastly, he stressed the importance of effective, responsible and predictable collaboration in that area.
Case studies
Once again, the use of the veto, on 14 October, prevented the adoption of a resolution considered by all as balanced — a resolution that called on Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by force and to consider that the separation wall was illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its multi-year programme of development of leadership, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, has encouraged the strengthening of national leadership in a number of countries — Cambodia, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal and Swaziland — as well as in the Caribbean region.
List of tables 10
Analysis and valuation 287 84
Iraq's written response to this claim may be summarized as follows:
These instruments include the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons Tests in the Atmosphere, Outer Space and Water (the Treaty on the Partial Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies), the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons and Other Celestial Bodies.
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and entered into force on 23 June 1961, established the first continental demilitarized zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to join the consensus on the draft resolution.
Iraq subsequently acknowledged that it had not paid attention to these changes.
I think that if we are honest, we must admit that “the end of innocence” has arrived, no need for us.
The last part presents the conclusions.
General implications: Development cannot be achieved and poverty reduction unless productivity gaps within and between countries are reduced through mobilization of skills, know-how, technology and information in developing countries, with equitable and sustainable development.
This is why institutional capacity-building, skills development and entrepreneurship are also crucial for the success and impact of UNIDO's technical cooperation programmes; in this context, it is proposed here for UNIDO's technical cooperation activities to be a new approach, which should allow for a more focused and efficient use of the experience and expertise of professionals with services provided in the eight clusters.
The German-German Treaty on the Establishment of a Monetary, Economic and Social Union entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German-German Agreement on Preparations and organization throughout Germany on the first election to the Bundestag on 3 September of the same year.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights have binding force at the national level as a result of ratification of these instruments, but also because under article 25 of the Basic Law they have a higher authority over ordinary laws and directly create rights and obligations for the inhabitants of the federal territory, to the extent that they can be interpreted as general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties have devoted a separate chapter to the issue of public participation (Australia, New Zealand, Sweden), but many have addressed the issue in another way, with regard to the participation of NGOs and policymakers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) or as a general principle (Italy).
Others believe that participation includes public participation in the development of climate change plans, programmes and policies (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict, there is a need to maintain a minimum level of environmental cooperation to safeguard natural resources and to prevent people's health from being threatened and the sustainable environment.
The construction of new wastewater treatment facilities should include the reuse of these waters.
The quality of wastewater in the needs, watercourses and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be consistent with the latest international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo II Agreement, the installation in Ramat Hovav in Israel should be used.
Second performance report
Mr. Barriga (Liechtenstein) said that the past year had been a dynamic year for United Nations work in crime prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including by improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as introducing multilingualism and teaching of indigenous languages and cultures to promote better understanding among cultures.
After receiving additional information and clarification on this subject, the Committee considered the item in several formal and informal meetings, and several proposals on ways to address this problem were submitted by France, the Russian Federation and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland respectively.
First and foremost, all people have a duty to help the public, depending on their means, fully fulfil its fundamental role.
Article 12
(g) It is important to request special rapporteurs and representatives to carry out the functions assigned to them and to address issues beyond their competence.
The Committee considers that the special information programme on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has played an important role in informing the media and public opinion on the situation.
The Arabs have sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, which, as stated in the Secretary-General's report, will remain a fundamental element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the costs of this first review conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by States parties and States not parties to the Convention participating in the Conference, and that in accordance with the United Nations scale, are appropriately calculated.
(a) Concern that there was a high proportion of General Service staff in the regional commissions compared to the Professional and higher categories and requested the Secretary-General to report to the Commission at its fifty-seventh session, as appropriate, on the initiatives taken by the Council;
(c) The ratio of General Service staff not serving as secretariat/Professional and higher-level staff for all of these offices, and hence the need for support capacity, is based on the local situation and the development of infrastructure and trade services in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children died.
It is perhaps the first time since the Cuban missile crisis that the peoples of the world take the opportunity to take the two possible options around a crisis of that seriousness; that is, a diplomatic settlement, thus peaceful, or a war, with its aftermath, the grave consequences of such an act for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
It is in the interests of the people of Iraq.
For example, in two months of work on the ground, it should be noted that, through the cooperation of the Iraqi authorities, inspectors had easy access to more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private residences.
Indigenous peoples and communities are not deprived of their means of subsistence or are excluded from the lands they occupy, in violation of Convention No. 169.
They do not take disciplinary action or other measures against workers or others who have filed a complaint or claim that the company does not comply with the standards;
Thirdly, he stressed the need to be prepared to change his positions and explore every possibility of achieving equitable compromise.
Introduction
Grece Mr.
and
In accordance with the Instructions for the Registry (art.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Afghanistan, Algeria, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belize, Benin, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Chile, China, Comoros, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of Korea, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic People's Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of Korea, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of Korea, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo,
That Syria calls upon us — or anyone in this Hall — to listen to the voice of wisdom is a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
His delegation wished to know why the creation of a high-level civil service body was essential to the progress of major organizational reforms aimed at strengthening the international civil service (A/57/30, para.
The European Union agreed with the Commission's recommendation in its report (A/57/30) concerning the maximum admissible educational expenses and the education grant in countries and monetary areas listed in paragraph 141, (a) and (b), as well as the recommendation on the lump-sum reimbursement and additional reimbursements for boarding costs (para. 141).
All parties attended weekly meetings and responded promptly to incidents.
Total bank deposits have gradually increased, with an increase of 6 per cent over the past six months.
This time in history requires reflection, introductory and action.
Mexico believes that genuine reform must be based on five very specific guidelines.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration - from developing countries and least developed countries in all regions - has been progressively extended to services.
Purpose and objectives
However, where such an amount is too high, it may have a deterrent effect and will run counter to the objective of easy, economic and prompt access to insolvency proceedings.
The effect of excluding encumbered assets may be to increase in general the availability of credit, as secured creditors would have assurance that their actual rights would not be affected by commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The assets available to the debtor during that period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The desirability of measures to protect the value of the encumbered assets may need to be weighed against their potential complexity and cost, and the need for the court to be able to make difficult trade decisions with regard to such protection.
automatic termination clauses
For greater transparency in the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clearly set forth in the law the limitations imposed on the powers of the insolvency representative with respect to the types of contracts discussed in this section.
However, even if this approach is adopted, the insolvency representative may have to initiate proceedings to recover assets or their equivalent value from the counterparty where the latter does not return them.
As noted above, however, a total desalination can disrupt the enterprise and harm its continued exploitation at a critical stage of survival.
The following list does not claim completeness and, in some cases, overlapping functions or will not be relevant because of the insolvency law.
As a general rule, the committee will act on behalf of creditors: its functions will therefore be directly linked to the general functions assigned to them, as indicated above.
When a creditor committee is formed (and recruiting professionals), this obligation may be fulfilled by requiring its members (and professionals) to sign confidentiality agreements.
Some of them raise general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan should make clear and clear to all parties the financial situation of the debtor and the changes in certain rights proposed therein, or establish minimum requirements, such as the plan to provide for payment of certain preferential claims.
In practice, this time limit may range from 10 to 45 days (see chap.
Recommendations for notification of commencement provide for the protection of the debtor by requiring notification of the application for commencement of the debtor and by providing it with an opportunity to rebut the presumption
For example, ILO Convention on the Protection of Receivables of Workers in the Event of Insolvency of their employer, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the setbacks in this area.
With regard to the latter, the programme is responsible for providing support to the Economic and Social Council and the interaction between the Council and the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination.
On 6 December, the Presidency circulated a draft presidential statement welcoming the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, introduced the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force during the previous six months (S/2002/1328).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained the required majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the appointment of Mr. Collen Vixen Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Narcisse Ahounou (Côte d'I even) members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in due form.
Together Foundation is proud to provide effective electronic communication services that enable G77 to meet its increasing information and communication needs.
This is a permanent forum in which tertiary institutions and their leaders can discuss important issues and problems in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002), in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (approximately 100 participants);
Private sector fund-raising strategies
The social fabric is waste and makes women and girls vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, adult former combatants were the only people to be cared for.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations disseminates a comprehensive training manual on “Gender and peacekeeping” to peacekeeping missions and Member States.
More needs to be done in post-conflict and reconstruction situations.
The international community should take appropriate measures to provide relief and compensation to them.
Web sites President of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
For 12 years Saddam Hussein has defied Security Council resolutions.
We are now in a rapid growth phase, supported by a strong research and development programme, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the relevant resolutions adopted by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the latest of which was resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
It is estimated that a one-week reduction in the duration of annual sessions is expected to result in an economy of $228,300, based on full cost, for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include ensuring the right to water without discrimination of any kind and impose systematic, concrete and targeted measures to ensure their effective realization.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties and the Regional Bureau may, if necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information11.
Add a new subparagraph (f):
(a) The aerosol is divided into Division 2.1 if the contents contain more than 85 per cent in mass, inflammable components and if the chemical burning heat is equal to or greater than 30 kJ/g;
“For UN No. 3175, the ethic test is not required when the liquid is fully absorbed into a strong bag itself.
P903 Add the following paragraph after "Empages satisfactory to packing group II test level.
4.1.9.2.1 Replace "Indicators of type 1 (type IP-1)”, “Indic Industry Column 2 (type IP-2) and “Industry of type 3 (type IP-3)” with "P-1-type IP-1”, “P-2” and “P-3” respectively.
Paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.6 become 6.1.4.6 to 6.1.4.6 and 6.1.4.8 and 6.1.4.8.1 become 6.1.4.7 and 6.1.4.7.1, respectively.
6.2.2.6.3.3 Quality management
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kuenyehia observed that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women victims of trafficking were immediately deported from Switzerland and that, as a result, they could not testify against the perpetrators of the crimes.
By committing, with the support of the international community, to ensure peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to base NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without wishing to support the related evils of patrimonism, we can argue that it has been successfully used to ensure development and stability in other countries and regions.
While there has been a rise over the past two years, the amount remains far below the level of the 1990s.
The strong commitment of the international community, from the floor to action, and the continued and responsible leadership of Africa, working in a sustained way towards the sustainable development of the continent, will help to ensure the full success of NEPAD.
This is the first legally binding international treaty on the trade in biotechnological products.
• Grounds for releases of pollutants and organic nutrients by ad hoc sources;
Table 6
As the Secretary-General indicated in his last report, good note was taken, in the consideration of cooperation activities undertaken in 1999 by the White Helmets Commission, the implementation of the White Helmets formula and the experience gained in that regard.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the Chairman (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, becoming A/AC.268/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a member of United Nations civilian personnel killed in the performance of his or her functions in the service of peace, excluding those who died of natural causes or accident, after the effective date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, trafficking by sea, law enforcement cooperation and training);
Article 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that the members of the Bureau of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs shall remain in office until their successors are elected and eligible for re-election.
(c) The COP/AC should conduct research on cooperative models to demonstrate in what conditions it works best and can be used innovatively, and to create ways to share best practices and experiences.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had prepared at the end of others expressed preference for the proposal made by the member States of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC). All delegations noted the significant concessions already made in that regard.
This is the risk of duplication and duplication.
The family, which is the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for the flour and well-being of all its members, must be protected and assisted in order to assume all its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; assassinations, raids, destruction and detention are the lot of those children who have no access to education or medical care.
Their current situation as part of the Israeli occupation is far from a “world fit for children”.
We hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its wide range of activities will help to achieve the desired objectives of this draft resolution.
(a) To pay particular attention to the protection of refugee children, especially single minors, and internally displaced children, who are at risk of being abducted or forced to participate in armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
Child protection problems, including sexual abuse and exploitation, were the main obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West Africa and Central Africa indicated that several countries in the region were in the process of developing legislation to provide greater penalties for traffickers found guilty.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (non-governmental organizations) has already been established.
UNICEF is developing two strategies to combat HIV/AIDS.
The resources to be earmarked for such activities have already been included in the programme budget for the current biennium and in section 24, Human rights, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
The provision would cover requirements for 12 military advisers/ Liaison Officers ($488,200); 8 civilian police advisers ($325,400); 1,159 international staff, 143 national staff and 737 local staff), reflecting a total increase of 12 posts resulting from a net decrease of 27 international and 21 national staff and a further 60 civilian staff (four United Nations Volunteers);
Consideration of the programme of work: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I wish to draw the attention of the members of the Council to the following documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letters dated 2 June and 24 July 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations; and S/2003/685 and S/2003/698, letters dated 2 July and 9 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations.
“I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Group of States of the Islamic Conference at the United Nations, to request the Security Council to invite Mr. Ahmad Hajjihseini, Deputy Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, Chargé d'affaires a.i. to present a briefing under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure during the Council's consideration of the item.”
But the effect is the same: annexation.
The fear is still very bad and constitutes an artificial solution to the problems faced by Israel.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs of Norway will reiterate this condemnation without any ambiguity at his meeting with President Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of the Israeli security forces in the occupied territories, as well as the excessive use of force against innocent Palestinians, are also causing despair.
However, it also took note of the various views expressed in the Working Group with regard to the form and scope of the instrument, its basic principles and some of its main characteristics.
24-71). The Working Group agreed to recommend that the secretariat follow up on suggestions to broaden the scope of the study by also addressing the obstacles to electronic commerce that might arise from other instruments, including other organizations, had proposed inclusion, and consider with those organizations the modalities of carrying out the necessary studies, taking into account the constraints that the secretariat might impose on its current workload.
Business that exercised legitimate business activities should not fear the identification or establishment of business.
(i) To undertake a further reduction of non-strategic nuclear weapons that is transparent, verifiable and irreversible, based on unilateral initiatives and in the nuclear arms reduction and disarmament process;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and to ban any measure that would undermine its strong commitment to preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The deputies of the State Duma declare that when discussing for ratification the documents to be submitted to them on the participation of Latvia in the Agreement on Partnership and Cooperation between the Russian Federation, on the one hand, and the European communities and their member States, on the other, they will determine whether to ratify them, as appropriate, Latvia will fulfil its human rights and national minority obligations.
She would also like to know whether the Government encouraged the training of women's organizations.
Science and technology as the basis for sustainable forest management
Secondly, knowledge from case studies should be used to develop indicators for different stress factors, both specific and scientifically sound.
Date and place
The Chairman: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 have expressed the wish that the text be adopted by the Committee without a vote.
Through this simplified interface, it is possible to access not only the database but also other information available on the website.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Policy coordination
Recognizing the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
Pilot projects had been approved for two of the Territories and their implementation would be carefully reviewed to determine whether they could be applied elsewhere.
The Supreme Council of the Judiciary shall select, in addition to the candidates included in the list referred to in article 3, paragraph 5, between two candidates whose names are also communicated by the Secretary-General to serve as an international investigating judge and the alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
KUPEC's claim for Sidi El Kilani 56 - 95 22
KAFCO estimated Jet A-1 fuel at its replacement cost in May 1991, based on the average price of purchased.
The production profile used after that date is based on its annual production rate in 1994, although actual output figures are available at present.
Ms. Pham Thi Nga (Viet Nam) said, in explanation of her delegation's position, that the draft resolution lacked objectivity and did not reflect the progress made in protecting and promoting human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is silent on the request of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the international community to establish an international criminal tribunal for its country with a view to eliminating violence and impunity.
Last November, Esther Ghalia, a mother of seven children, was killed in a terrorist attack in the same neighbourhood.
They are essential to achieve a comprehensive settlement.
Once the international community has endorsed the road map agreed to by the Israeli and Palestinian parties, its implementation requires genuine political will to achieve the ultimate objective, namely, the two-State solution envisaged by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive signs that have recently indicated a revival of the political process, Israeli settlement policies and the continued construction of the separation wall run counter to all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while at the same time placing the death penalty on terrorists on all tracks, we must admit that one of the sources of this tragedy lies in the despair of some peoples, the victims of frustrations and the intolerable injustices that delay treatment.
On the other hand, Iran has no nuclear weapons programme and does not understand it.
Armenia intends to make progress.
The unilateral use of military force, in contravention of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage countries, individually, to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, the States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI, committed themselves to article VI.
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion strategy of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of these indictees may die and others may never be arrested.
Furthermore, following an amendment of October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution now defines the family as an entity based on equality of spouses.
The plan provides for the establishment of village development committees, which should include at least one woman among their members and who are responsible for implementing the project at the village level.
We are prepared to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal so that these trials will take place.
With regard to the question posed by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and rapid transfer would allow timely completion of cases, as the President said, the judicial process is not easily predictable.
Subregional level
Therefore, the solutions to prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes require the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, the first place of nuclear weapons.
With regard to export competition, it was proposed to reduce export subsidies and credits, but without specific objective or time frames.
Welcomes in this regard the establishment by the Community of the Women's Business Network, which aims to empower women, inter alia, by facilitating access to credit and trade and technical training;
Such a project is under way in Central Asian mountains.
Identification.
Contents
Some participants stressed the need to explore the possibility of creating an international stabilization fund that would play the role of insurance to help cope with the losses arising from the implementation of response measures.
Recognizing the importance of collaboration among the organizations sponsoring the Global Climate Observing System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty be abolished from the criminal sanctions legislation of the two Republics and expressly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish an open-ended working group to explore ways of improving the predictability of funding.
Particular reference was made to the proposed provision on the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions would inflict considerable material and financial damage to third States.
It would be desirable to temporarily suspend sanctions in the event of extraordinary circumstances or force majeure (natural disasters, threats of famine, widespread unrest leading to disorganization of the country's administration), in order to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe.
Accordingly, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered on a case-by-case basis.
The sponsor delegation also suggested the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergency situations and in the case of force majeure to prevent a humanitarian catastrophe, and should be decided on on a case-by-case basis.” As for that suggestion, the view was expressed that it did not adequately respond to the idea that such a provision could not be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already provided for in the sanctions regime.
It was further noted that the last principle (sect. 5 above) raised an important problem of codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the International Law Commission to know and for the Sixth Committee to discuss it.
Transparency will remain a feature of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
As a result, despite the slight change recommended by the Group of Governmental Experts this year, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States have remained unchanged; they believe that the scope of the Register should be extended, particularly since past years' experience has shown that it, which is limited to seven categories of conventional arms, will not be universal.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help strengthen our rule of law achievements.
For my delegation, this is a historic opportunity, as it is the first time the Republic of San Marino takes the floor in the Security Council.
Decides further that the Bureau of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee shall consist of five representatives of Member States elected on the basis of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors raised several points concerning the liquidation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1n), para.
Please indicate, if any, how your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and conclusion
Source: Hague Conference, Reports, Convention No. 2 (available at www.hcch.net/f/conventions/text02f.html).
The obstacles to full participation of women in political life are rather their origin in traditional attitudes of society; there is indeed some resistance on the part of men to the role that women can play in decision-making.
The trial of another Kosovo Serb accused of being the instigator of the riots in April in Mitrovica began on 22 November.
Research activities using rocket and ballistics, as well as ESA space missions, are designed and carried out by ESA research teams in the areas of plasma physics, astronomy, atmospheric chemistry and materials science.
UNCTAD's work in the area of trade and development was not intended to duplicate the work of other organizations, but to examine the relationship between trade and development in an objective and integrated manner in a development perspective so as to facilitate and strengthen ongoing processes and negotiations in other forums.
The experimental phase had already strengthened the capacity of Somali disarmament, demobilization and reintegration institutions.
Target group: All reviewers
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the Council at its seventh session on action taken to implement the present decision.
“ Villagers”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those unable to protect is your responsibility.
The Commission on Human Rights must play an essential role in the process of improving the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other interested entities, both public and private, as well as multilateral bodies, to continue to contribute voluntarily or as appropriate, in accordance with their mandates, to activities relating to the development and implementation of action programmes to combat desertification in all affected regions;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that addressing the issue at a meeting of the Expanded Bureau seemed to be a strange solution, since the views expressed by the extended office would not necessarily reflect those of the Commission as a whole.
(iv) All known and anticipated expenditures relating to the representative authorized by the Secretary-General to serve on the International Advisory and Monitoring Board for the period of six months defined above, after which these expenses will be borne by the United Nations;
Its action against terrorism using weapons of mass destruction will also be in line with the three-phase programme framework of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee, which is based on the establishment of the necessary legal framework for counter-terrorism, then the strengthening of the executive machinery for law enforcement and the development of international counter-terrorism cooperation.
Its production base remains narrow and less diversified.
In spite of the periods of hope that a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East has been established, the region has been the theatre of armed confrontation in other phases and periods that have had profound implications and repercussions on the peace efforts that Egypt has made with objectivity and clear determination, taking every opportunity to establish a just and comprehensive peace for the countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also calls upon States to take all appropriate measures to protect the cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the lack of effective flag State control exposes the maritime sector to arms-smuggling and trafficking of drugs and diamonds, etc.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
In time of war, the territorial courts of the armed forces and the military courts of the armed forces”.
Participants were 115 of 59 countries, including representatives of public bodies, international organizations, consumer organizations, trade and industry.
The TEMPORARY PRESIDENT said that he had been honoured to preside over the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Council, which coincided with a period of greater stability after four years of reform.
Ghana, despite financial constraints, has undertaken to fulfil its financial obligations to the Organization.
Place of regular sessions
If the President ceases to be representative of a member of the Governing Council or is unable to perform his or her functions, or if the member State of which he or she is represented ceases to be a member of the Governing Council, the Bureau shall designate one of the Vice-Chairmen as Acting President until a new President has been elected by the Governing Council.
The role of poverty and its impact on the whole population were emphasized.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
Appreciation was expressed for the abolition of 57 outputs and the streamlining of publications.
The Committee recommended the dissolution of the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus, as long as it could not agree on how to implement its programme of work and that it was unable to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that the proposed programme budget of UNHCR was presented in a form of subsidization with a view to streamlining the link between the Office and the Secretariat and ensuring greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The strategy of subprogramme 2 should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and conclusions be submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women for consideration and action, as appropriate.
The documents before the Working Group are listed in annex I.
A minority representative recommended autonomy for the ogoni people in a specific area of Nigerian territory, explaining that this would promote socio-economic development and full participation of the Ogonis in the control of resources.
The term “new minorities” has not been accepted by all, requiring further discussion and reflections.
Training courses for minorities should be encouraged to learn from human rights mechanisms and the development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
There is a need to build a new consensus on the issue of the role of the public sector in the area of energy for sustainable development (e.g. setting the objectives of public policies, setting priorities and guiding markets), without losing sight of the fact that market forces alone will not suffice to address the energy poverty of developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
At present, the approach could be described as “processing”: some provisions of the Convention have been transformed into specific laws.
(c) The two C-160, Turkish military aircraft coming from the FIR of Ankara, entered the FIR of Nicosia, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the occupied area of Cape Apostolos Andreas before exiting in the direction of the east, from which they returned to the opposite direction.
There is a need for long-term progress and political will.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo and recently Liberia show the full success of our Organization in deploying increasingly complex peace operations in times of urgency, involving multiple partners in the field.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Moreno Ocampo, came to our Geneva office to discuss with us the areas of possible collaboration.
These words are the best tribute to the work done by MONUC.
Mr. Pujalte (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): Mr. President, I wish first of all to thank your delegation for having included such an important item as human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the Council's agenda.
An ecosystem approach requires the expansion of functions and processes in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
Intergovernmental Panel on Forests process
(iii) Possible action to reduce risks, in particular political risks, to investors engaged in sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
Nor did the United States done so when it offered money to Iranian nationals after American missiles had shot an Iranian commercial aircraft over Iran.
To train students in knowledge management, particularly those relating to accounting
(b) Systems analysis and design techniques (This item, which deals with computer-related issues, is addressed in module 3.6.
The Government of Israel is led by a notorious terrorist, Ariel Sharon, who, according to two officers who took part in the Kfar Qassem massacre in 1956, ordered the burning of Palestinian children before their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General, when preparing the budget for conference services, to ensure that the requirements for general temporary assistance are met with the full demand for services based on current experience;
Paragraph 2 would be very close to paragraph 2 of the current model provision 32 and would therefore read: “any expropriation of land that may be required for the execution of the project shall be carried out in accordance with ...”; it would be followed by formulations that are currently in square brackets in paragraph 2 of model provision 32, possibly with reference to regulatory considerations.
A second term could be added to the French version.
Model provision 33, as amended, is approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY] Annex II
(f) That, as proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of liberty must be released in a manner that allows for valid verification that they have actually been released and, elsewhere, that they have been released in conditions that guarantee their physical integrity and the ability to assert their rights;
The study found that the way in which the administrative services of the Secretariat operate does not allow for the full use of the opportunities offered by technology or to adopt the most modern practices like other organizations.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to the request contained in General Assembly resolution 57/110 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To enhance cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General to Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, in order to lead Myanmar to a transition to a civilian regime, and to ensure full and unhindered access to Myanmar and that all persons cooperating with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are not subjected to intimidation, harassment or repression;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/... of ... April 2003, endorses the Commission's decision to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur, as contained in Commission resolution 1992/58 of 3 March 1992, for a further year and to report to the Commission on Human Rights at its fifty-eighth session.”
• Serious consideration should be given to the dismantling of large mining companies held by the State such as Gécamines and MIBA (BAM).
Expresses its appreciation to those Governments that have made additional contributions to establish and strengthen national human rights institutions;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;1
The unutilized balance was mainly due to the decision not to buy new generators, with generators available to be repaired by reserve spare parts and sufficient to ensure electricity generation.
Recalling that the relevant United Nations human rights instruments and global plans and programmes of action call for the widest protection and assistance of the family, and that the family takes various forms, which differ from cultural, political and social systems,
The Voorburg Group addressed the problems of identifying suppliers and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its guiding role in the budgetary process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, which, inter alia, advises the Programme on the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and the management of the resources of the Programme on the basis of priorities established by Member States;
Capacity developed through: support to organizational entities and planning entities (public and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support for the formulation and implementation of legislation; inter-ministerial coordination; research and training capacity on development issues, etc.
Specific discussions were held on those items and draft resolutions were introduced and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its six-hour mission and returned to the Qasr Ninawa Hotel in Mosul.
The National Monitoring Directorate informed him of the appointment and encouraged him to participate in the meeting.
The importance of broadband services as an engine for economic and social development should be recognized.
]
(b) The fact that for any person who directs or works, in any capacity, a private sector entity to seek or accept, directly or indirectly, an undue advantage, for himself or herself or for another person or entity, in order to perform or refrain from doing an act and thus fails to perform its duties [in relation to an economic, financial or commercial transaction, which causes an injury to the entity].
[(j) Identify, freeze and locate funds of illicit origin derived from acts of corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
The view was also expressed that it would be important to ensure that the Convention system took into account existing regional mechanisms and sought to avoid unnecessary duplication.
Text taken from the proposal submitted by Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (7 out of 32) presented a “without action”.
For this year, a projection is provided for agriculture but not for energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases in their degree of difficulty by allocating more resources to extremely complex cases;
Agenda item 84
In addition, thematic meetings of treaty bodies should be encouraged, which contribute to improving and making human rights protection more transparent in a specific area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate it to the Third Committee.
In response to the determination of non-nuclear-weapon States, the nuclear-weapon States must show that they are making tangible progress towards nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that planted forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and are detrimental to the rights and livelihoods of local populations (raticly strongly discouraged at the Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General dated 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations contained therein, endorses the Secretary-General's proposal that an electoral unit be established within UNAMA, and calls upon Member States to support United Nations electoral activities in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter of 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report submitted by Spain to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It focuses on promoting TCDC in policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador has five women with an ambassador, compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Montalvo (Ecuador) said that the most important legislative amendment had been the revision of the Family Code, which had passed to Congress on first reading and was awaiting second reading.
Resolution 1456 (2003)
Executive Order No. 336, on the replenishment of the National Commission of Action against Air Piracy and Terrorism as the National Civil Aviation Security Council.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination, as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The successful exchange of views followed enabled delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
AFUR African Use Regulators
MAMA Mauritian Marine Authority
However, there may be a need in some cases to take various factors, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of an agreement governing its relations with the State concerned.
OHCHR looks at the generosity of donors, particularly donor Governments, to meet these needs.
The essential task remains to rectify the effects of past violence and to remedy current violations while developing national capacities to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Statistical capacity-building;
The initial results of the Community's work allow for a rich potential for cooperation between the Community and the Universal International Organization, based on the principles of partnership, participation and complementarity.
29B.24 Programme planning and budgeting are the responsibility of the Programme Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in that regard.
Based on these contributions, it is estimated that the Institute's trust fund balance as at 31 December 2003 is projected at $735,600.
Request for hearing
Option A
The definition of “electronic signature” reflects the definition of the same term in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valenta (room DC1-603; tel. 1 (212) 963-9684 or 963-9196).
With the exception of sales publications and public information material, hyperlinked official documents listed hereunder may be accessed through the Official Document System of the United Nations in the electronic version of the present Journal.
Ltd. (Sudan); LXO = Luxor Air (Egypt); NL = LoneStar Airways (affed by the Government of Liberia); Relief = Relief Transport Services Ltd (United Kingdom).
Smuggling accounts for more than 50 per cent of trade.
The pillaging and illegal transfers by the security forces, extortion and other bribes undermine any prospect of economic stabilization and can only deter foreign private investment flows.
The United Nations should play a more active role in the negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearance of gendarmes would, depending on the testimonies gathered, be de facto.
HIV/AIDS prevalence is increasing and children account for 7 per cent of the infected population.
However, country offices will need to focus on the formulation of lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction - goals and objectives
Press conferences
The status of ratification of the conventions and the information received on the implementation of action programmes included key indicators of progress in combating slavery and slavery-like practices.
The observer for UNICEF outlined the work of UNICEF in child protection.
Calls upon United Nations bodies and agencies to develop and implement codes of conduct prohibiting all forms of sexual exploitation by United Nations personnel, service providers and humanitarian workers, and invites non-governmental organizations to do likewise in their field of competence;
Invites interested States and non-governmental organizations to undertake research to achieve greater understanding of the diversion of certain ritual practices with a view to intimidating women and girls victims of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African Ministers on the Convention held in Algiers on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the 1990 session on the improvement and effectiveness of its functioning (CD/10366), the Conference invited the following non-member States to participate in its work: Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Costa Rica, Croatia, Cyprus, Denmark, Estonia, Georgia, Ghana, Greece, Jordan, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malta, Monaco, Nepal, Qatar, the Philippines, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the United States of Korea, the United States of Korea, the United States of Korea, the United States of Korea, the United States of Korea, the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Great Britain and Uruguay and the United States of Korea, the United States of Korea, the United States of Korea, the United States of Great Britain and the United States of Korea, the United States of Korea, the United States of Korea, the United States of Korea, the United States of Great Britain and the United States of America and the United States of America and the United States of Great Britain and the United States of America, the United States of America, the United States of Korea, the United
I hope that Ministers will call for accelerated action on all these vital security issues.
There is growing concern about possible links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.5, A/58/375, A/57/786, A/58/600 and A/58/610)); 120 and 121 (Programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005: administrative expenses of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (A/58/214, A/58/214/Corr.1);
Encourages countries to submit, on an optional basis, national reports to the Commission's review session in particular, highlighting concrete progress made in implementation, including results achieved, difficulties encountered and opportunities;
(d) To strive to achieve better and more balanced representation of major groups in all regions within the Commission;
The issue of agricultural subsidies, which distort trade, was raised and considered as a serious obstacle to achieving sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005, the additional activities to be undertaken include an assessment, assessment and analysis of progress made in achieving the objectives; the identification of problems and obstacles encountered but also opportunities, the use of lessons learned, inter alia, by coordinating information received from various sources and capacity-building activities during the sessions of the Commission; the creation and management of a transparent information and communication system and, finally, a discussion of partnerships.
This assistance has resulted in the development of educational materials, the training of trainers and senior officials, and technical and financial support for the organization of training sessions by Cambodian instructors.
The total net amount of USD 25,432,470 for interest losses and USD 17,784,551 for claim preparation costs, claimed for the 380 claims in part I of the sixteenth instalment of the claims in respect of which the Panel made a statement of USD 47,190,427.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and implemented through international cooperation, will aim to ensure that regional initiatives undertaken by various agencies or groups of agencies are mutually reinforcing.
The Fifth Committee, having considered the statement of programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,4 decides to inform the General Assembly that, should it adopt draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.1/Rev.1, the appropriation of $1,375,600, as indicated below, will be required for the biennium 2004-2005: section 2, General Assembly affairs and conference services;
As part of its host programme, the Government immediately provides housing, food aid and language services to all returnees, men and women, and is trying to find them work, thus making available to this vulnerable group a number of services.
As part of international cooperation, the Government is carrying out a comprehensive overhaul of its statistical and census centre, with a view to improving data collection and updating and permitting a gender breakdown.
There is a growing literature on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and more practical examples of this contribution.
See for example Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action 1993, part 1, paragraphs 5, and CESCR General Comment No. 14, paragraph 3.
Is there a need to reduce duplication of work in the work of the Committee and of international organizations?
Local governments, which are responsible, under the Local Government Act, annex II, to address the issue of vulnerable children, need to develop their potential more pragmatic;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of developments in net transfers of resources to or from developing countries.
It was important to continue the dialogue that had begun in Johannesburg on the issue of debt conversion to investment in ecology and sustainable development.
There have been cases in the past where meetings of States parties have been significantly delayed or cancelled owing to the lack of quorum.
On the occasion of Human Rights Day, the New York Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights is organizing several activities to commemorate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the Vienna World Conference on Human Rights and the award of human rights awards.
The view was expressed that efforts should be made to avoid that problem when discussing the provisions of chapter 8 in the light of existing electronic commerce instruments.
He reiterated that P&I Clubs supported the implementation of the door-to-door transport instrument and noted that, while difficulties could arise both with a limited network system and with a uniform system, it should be noted that the transport industry had, to a large extent, adopted a network for multimodal transport, including the UNCTAD/ICC Rules and the COMBICON letter.
In response to a question as to why the draft instrument should apply a default rule in the event of “non-localized damage”, it was reiterated that the bulk of the draft instrument was to ensure that the liability regime applicable to such damage was predictable and safe.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
There will be a briefing on the Youth Employment Network prepared by the Secretary-General, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Youth Employment Network, the World Bank and ILO, today, 30 September 2003 at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvoness Clarke (Barbados).
Compared to the approved posts as at 30 June 2003, the number of staff would be increased by 223 international staff (1 ASG, 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-4, 74 P-3, 13 P-2/1, 29 Field Service and 74 General Service (Other level)), 537 national staff, including 25 Professional and 207 United Nations Volunteers.
The latter would be assisted by a secretary (General Service (Other level)) and a driver (national General Service).
Ms. Shin asked about the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission on Women's Issues, the Federal Office for Equality between Women and Men and the Swiss Conference of Gender Equality Delegates, and expressed concern at the relative lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Bureau.
]
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint programme of work with IAEA to develop a standard by implementing the IAEA safety standards process with the appropriate participation of experts from the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with the procedures and mechanisms of IAEA and the Committee on Reporting.
Option 3
To our great regret, the United Nations Secretariat has taken no steps to redeploy United Nations observers to the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait with a view to carrying out the tasks assigned to them by Security Council resolutions.
Primary health care is also tragically inadequate in many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations have been a setback.
Among them, the National Women's Forum is a body of permanent, multi-stakeholder and representative dialogue that enables women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and orientation of national policies for the full development of women, in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat defined guidance for the legalization of such groups, the training of their members on social organization and the strengthening of managerial capacities, self-esteem and human rights in the departments of Chiquimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
Women's Health Week.
Such collaboration could begin by holding an international symposium to study the various aspects of commercial fraud and where the different stakeholders could exchange opinions.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the following non-governmental organization that requested consultative status with UNIDO: World Federation of Free Trade Zones (GEFZA).
In that letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities would give serious consideration to the adoption of those measures and would shed light on the “rophone incident”.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the teams that could be taken into account in the preparation of the Committee's report to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to circulate to the Chairmen of the teams a model for their input to the Committee's report.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They further noted that the African Union had emerged from the common vision of a united and strong Africa that would enable the African continent to meet the multifaceted challenges that the African continent and its populations must face in the light of the social, economic and political transformations that took place throughout the world.
They stressed that these institutions must resist the efforts of some countries that use such conditionalities to defend their interests alone.
They called on donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian assistance in proportion to the needs of the affected populations, without influencing the degree of interest of the media and the geographical position of the place where humanitarian assistance is required.
The investigations undertaken so far in Tunisia indicate that no Tunisian banking agency or stocker has funds, financial assets or resources belonging to individuals or entities listed in the above-mentioned list.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordination body should be appointed within the United Nations system to provide support in this area and the United Nations regional commissions should include certain activities,
Convinced that responsibility for road safety lies with local, municipal and national authorities,
Thematic discussion (th to be decided on the basis of consultations conducted by the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The proposed amendment to the Money-Laundering Act, which defines terrorist acts as punishable by the Criminal Code in contravention of that Act, will enable the Office of the Anti-Money Laundering to freeze without delay the funds or financial assets of persons or organizations accused of terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is considered periodically on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations for the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization Dalate County Desert Reclamation and Ushen's Reforestation Section will host the seminar.
It should ultimately contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations for sustainable land management and ultimately to the qualitative and quantitative improvement of arable land and increased agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls on Governments to include in their programmes and action plans and educational and cultural policies the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, customs and ceremonies, as well as their history, vision of the cosmos, their philosophy and values.
The cold war mentality and the role of nuclear weapons in the doctrines of the nuclear-weapon States, the current impasse in the Conference on Disarmament, the lack of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and especially the increased risk of use of nuclear weapons, have created a precarious situation that makes the non-nuclear-weapon States absolutely need negative security assurances.
Participated in drafting the Convention on the Rights of the Child, under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Women Judges, held in Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Therefore, they must be secure by a number of provisions:
- Intellectual property rights
We cannot allow us to leave the Conference in a proactive manner or to leave it to be sink because of the obstacles to cross or because our sense of helplessness gives us a chance to fall the arm.
In preparing the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team engaged in dialogue with local leaders and military units throughout the country.
These officers have effectively ensured the integration of child rights and protection into peacekeeping operations.
However, if a staff member is reappointed by an organization that applies the United Nations common system less than twelve months after separation, any amount that may be paid at the end of the staff member's re-engagement with the termination of the staff member's appointment, repatriation grant or accrued annual leave shall be adjusted so that the number of months, weeks or days of salary would have been paid, added to that of months, or weeks or days of service.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council in particular, must act together in this critical period to avoid a humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq.
Accordingly, only claims relating to instalments concluded on 2 May 1990 or after that date are within the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only the amounts for the compensable period can be compensated.
The “E2” Panel defined the scope of military operations and the concept of the threat of military action for the different locations and dates of the alleged losses in the claims before it, in order to demarcate the compensable area and period (“compensable area”).
Canada accepted the Presidency for a period of one year beginning on 1 January 2004 after the end of South Africa's mandate on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will take stock of the best practices of recent planning and lessons learned in future operations.
If a new operation was to be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be in a position to deploy it more quickly than in the past, through the strengthening of the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of new standby arrangements (as described in sub-items 3 and 4 below).
The maximum duration of deployment for members of the rapid deployment team will be 90 days, after which they will return to their places of assignment.
An interactive training CD-ROM on stress management was recently completed and sent to missions on a pilot basis in December 2002.
Mission training has been strengthened through the establishment of training cells in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET and the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware that a single code of conduct should be applied to all personnel assigned to peacekeeping missions, whether military, civilian or civilian police personnel, although disciplinary procedures vary according to staff categories.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and the Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, the former Yugoslavia.
A commitment and cooperation are required at the national and international levels to address them.
The lessons learned from the ongoing pilot projects show that it is crucial to identify productive activities for which there is a potential demand, whose start-up costs are low and require expertise that persons with disabilities can acquire.
This raises a tension between vulnerability and independence on the one hand - when an independent person is confronted with the new need to receive care and depend on others.
Having considered the studies of interesting and instructive cases, one participant stressed the need to find a just environment between self-regulation and public regulation to promote genuine transparency.
The search for a structure in which developed countries and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered necessary by several participants and it was noted that ISAR could play that role.
New York University Stern School of Business
Stthclyde
United Nations Decade of Education for Sustainable Development
In accordance with article 15, the deficiencies identified were reported to the claimants to address them.
In the case of a claim, the Panel has ascertained that the goods were delivered to Iraq by the claimant, but were unable to determine precisely whether they had been in time before or after the date on which the trade embargo imposed by Security Council resolution 661 (1990) took effect on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries paid from August 1990 to April 1991 to lower employees as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur was sensitive to his support for the preparation of the study by a number of United Nations agencies.
Early, only 4 to 7 per cent of these companies are headed by women.
- leaders and officials of enterprises, institutions and organizations, and all other persons who support terrorist activities, in particular by financing terrorists or terrorist groups or organizations, by providing or collecting funds to be used, directly or indirectly, for the commission of terrorist acts or related offences or by carrying out transactions involving funds or other financial assets;
- It signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified it on 12 September 2002, stating that it exercises jurisdiction over the offences referred to in article 2 of the Convention in the cases provided for in article 7, paragraph 2, of the Convention;
This law, which is not retroactive, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Tax Code (United States Internal Revenue Code) in effect as at 31 December 2000.
The WCF and its members play a central role, individually and collectively, in assisting the Global Mechanism to fulfil its mandate, as defined in Article 21, paragraph 4, of the Convention, but the feeling among the stakeholders consulted, including the members of the CFE, is that the GM has not yet fully discharged its role, having so far adopted a desired attitude.
Contain a niche for the Global Mechanism
curfews continue, but are not as strict as in 2002.
The Bishkek meeting, held on 9 and 10 July 1998, brought together experts from the nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention are guaranteed in a constitution or other laws and, if so, to what extent; or, if not, whether such provisions may be invoked before the courts, tribunals and administrative authorities and whether they can give effect to them;
(a) Seven members selected by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Control among the candidates proposed by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, with due regard to the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded from voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution must be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the African Group, as well as on behalf of the other sponsors, to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti”, which provides an overview of the continuing special economic assistance needs of that country.
As for the ratio of vacancies, it was true that it should not be significantly improved, given the gradual reduction of activities.
The defence counsel fees system is another source of abuse.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its 2002 session;
This figure, significantly lower than that of 2001, is partly attributable to the increasing security concerns arising from terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001, which led some large resettlement countries to temporarily restrict admissions to their territory.
In 1998, many evidence was presented to FBI on this case.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures resulting from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;6
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical investigation — the Government considered that an investigation was necessary to obtain a clear picture of the situation before taking the necessary measures — assessing the level of awareness in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group by providing information or clarification.
In this way, Brazilian law enforcement officials were trained at the Regional Intelligence Training School in the Andean Community, Lima.
(9) The proposed regulations also impose restrictions on the equipment and brokering activities.
To that end, she proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries on equipment and products that could be used for torture or for capital punishment or other cruel, degrading or inhuman treatment.
The specific cases mentioned in the report indicated that the port of ders for long periods or in cases of transfer from a prison or as punishment constituted a violation of the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (rules 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The texts of the laws cited in this extract can be found on the website at http://www.admin.ch/ch/f/rs/rs.html (23 October 2002).
Under this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of evidence produced by a member of Garda Síochána with at least the rank of Commissioner, that a person holding or controlling funds that are or may be used to commit an offence of terrorism or financing of terrorism or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, it shall make an order on request, unless the defendant or any other person has established to satisfy the Court that such funds are intended to be used to be used to be used to be used to be used to satisfy the money that such fund.
The “terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Decision, i.e. as the structured association of more than two persons, established in time and acting in concert to commit terrorist offences.
European Economic Space, Swiss nationals and their dependants
Following a request by the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in October 2002, to provide detailed information on all the holders of savings accounts prior to 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the Caribbean States members of the Organization of American States decided to pool the training of specialized social assistants, including drug abuse.
Caribbean small island developing States have been somewhat armed to address these two phenomena and climate variability.
• Identify multinational biological resources and define land and marine protected areas;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory from being used to plan, organize or execute terrorist crimes or to participate in it, must prevent terrorist elements, individually or in groups, from infiltrating and not located within its territory and must not afford them, shelter or finance them, or use the national territory to visit other States.
Some regions in the north and south of the African malaria belt, as well as some mountain regions in many countries, are threatened by a malaria epidemic.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors for their invaluable support to the Library.
(b) To develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt-rich crusts, including applicable standards for the protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Aware that, at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world is experiencing historical and far-reaching transformations in which forces of aggressive nationalism and religious and ethnic extremism continue to pose new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Lastly, harmonization of the functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the Administrative Tribunal of the International Labour Organization should continue, as current disparities make it easier for some international civil servants to refer to an administrative tribunal.
For its part, the administration should follow up on requests for review by the organs of administration of justice, which often fails.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Goicochea (Cuba) said that it was to avoid breaking the consensus that her delegation had accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouhedd (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years later, adopted in Rome on 13 June 2002,
This summary was prepared after consultation with other members of the Council.
Assistance and guiding principles
It continues to welcome the development of democracy in the Republic of China on Taiwan and hopes that the Chinese people, both sides of the Taiwan Straits, will resolve their differences peacefully.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that item 167 should be included in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
d Exchange rate of November 2002.
This support the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at raising awareness among decision makers and the general public about the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development by building on the achievements of space research; promoting greater use by United Nations agencies and the private sector of space-related systems and services; and improving the management of the planet's natural resources.
Viet Nam has committed itself to building a strong nation and a prosperous, equitable and democratic society, placing people at the centre of its economic and social policies.
Having looted the wealth of developing countries, the former colonial Powers are now responsible for the deaths of 10 children every seven seconds.
Regrettably, the occupying authorities have banned the Turkish Cypriots from benefiting from these benefits while limiting the freedom of expression of the supporters of a reunified Cyprus, issued by the occupying forces.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are enshrined in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Round table on microfinance
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power of most forest workers has severely hampered the effect of falling back to the most impoverished workers.
These activities are expected to accelerate the discoveries of new medicines and vaccines.
Since now several years, the Conference on Disarmament has no substantive work.
From the perspective of the protection of refugees, which is part of a whole, to be important, the first challenge is to address the concerns of States so as to take into account the protection of refugees.
National asylum legislation and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement these obligations in a fair and effective manner are the following steps.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with satisfaction the work done, under the guidance of voluntary Member States, by the 12 teams established by the Committee at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III and urged Member States to fully support the teams in conducting their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, it should be noted that the Organization of American States has suggested that the follow-up meeting at the 6 March meeting be held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
More we are doing, more we see that we have yet to do.
Is this not, by definition, terrorism?
(a) The replacement of one or more responsible officials;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and developed in the main human rights instruments (International Civil and Political Rights Act, International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, the Convention on the Rights of the Child, and the Convention against Torture).
A vote was taken by show of hands.
First, emphasis is placed on the quality and availability of health services.
There are 28,523 women (19.3%) out of 1433 teachers.
Some reproductive health goals included in the Ninth Plan and the Second Long-term Health Plan are presented below (table 8).
As a result, the population has been informed and educated about women's health, with a view to encouraging the use of health services through information, education and communication programmes (IEC), with the help of the media, volunteers and health personnel.
All formal credit institutions require tangible guarantees for lending.
SAARC summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity in all its history has never faced such a challenge.
Liechtenstein welcomes this development and has participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking in persons and smuggling of migrants.
In Cambodia, joint efforts by the Government, the private sector and civil society, including people living with HIV/AIDS, have attracted attention and have been recognized by the international community as a result of their initial success.
Resolved to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, manufacture, acquisition, transfer, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, to justify their opposition to the elaboration of a convention on remote sensing, argue that resolution 41/65 is still a useful instrument, since it establishes two principles that they consider to be priority:
Rape was used with impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terrorize the enemy population.
Ten years ago, violence against women was totally ignored.
States should implement General Assembly resolution 57/179 on measures to eliminate crimes against women committed in honour and to intensify efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes through legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur calls for the establishment of an Ombudsman or other monitoring and discipline mechanism in all peace support operations.
This chapter provides an overview of the obligations of international human rights law conferring transnational corporations on respect for the right to food.
These are clear violations of the right to food, as well as the deliberate destruction of schools and health posts in many regions, constitute a flagrant violation of the rights to education and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 20031)
While the situation in the Georgian economy had improved somewhat in recent years, it remained of great concern, with heavy external debt and a real unemployment rate exceeding 12 per cent (formal).
Consequently, they doubted that Georgia's failure to pay the amount required under Article 19, and even less the non-compliance with its commitments made in the three previous payment plans are due to circumstances beyond its control.
The Global Programme against Money-Laundering participated in an assessment of offshore financial activities in the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 12 to 22 November 2002.
Among the interventions planned for 2003 and beyond are: improving national health and family life capacities, strategic planning of the adolescent and youth component of the national strategy to combat HIV/AIDS and support for this component and promoting a rights-based approach to orphans;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission had adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and had welcomed the report of the Working Group on the work of its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This outcome is the result of your abilities and efficiency — the qualities you have displayed throughout your diplomatic career, both at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and here at the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has made a greater focus on TCDC in its programme of work, using both the regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Brunei Police Force, in close cooperation and coordination with other national law enforcement agencies, works with States in the region where information exchange and other operations can be carried out in similar conditions.
Since the negotiations on this international instrument were concluded at the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, my delegation has the honour to request that item 108 of the agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “ Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice”, be considered in plenary, and that only for the draft United Nations Convention against Corruption to be adopted in due course for signature at the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, to be held in December 2003.
Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Renewing the United Nations: a programme of reforms”;
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [D.125]8.
Progressive development of the principles and norms of international law relating to the new international economic order [D.150].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group had resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002 and had again addressed general issues relating to its scope (see A/CN.9/527, para.
Paragraph 2
Norway fully supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
The clarity with which they fall within the efforts of African countries and the support of the international community and the United Nations system enables an easy understanding of the seriousness of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is absolutely and urgent.
This would also be consistent with the interests of the majority of Member States, which do not have adequate staff resources to review all United Nations activities in detail.
The first biennial consolidated report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16) informed the Commission on Narcotic Drugs of the declining global opium production from about 20,000 tons per year at the beginning of the twentieth century to less than one third of that volume in 2000.
Africa provided 24 responses (21.4 per cent), the Americas 20 (17.9 per cent), Asia 32 (28.6 per cent), Europe 34 (30 per cent) and Oceania 2 (1.8 per cent).
Financing programmes for alternative development and eradication of illicit drug crops and mobilizing resources for this purpose
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
It is indeed a situation where everyone is losers, in his report, the Secretary-General explains why, in his view, this opportunity has been missed, and I am not trying to do so.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory comprises 14 public primary schools and four secondary schools.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative of section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries have mainly used PRSPs.
The border is therefore already determined, further reinforced by Security Council resolution 1507 (2003), which calls on both parties to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The posts reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal structures of Lipljan ( Pristina region) have remained vacant, with no qualified candidates having submitted.
The representatives of Kosovo Serbs from five municipalities, namely Kosovo Polje, Lipljan and Obilic (in the Pristina region), Novo Brdo ( Gnjilane region) and Zvecan ( Mitrovica region), complained about difficulties in accessing judicial institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) national economic stability and decision-making; (b) commitment and commitment by Governments to address environmental management issues and to promote the prevention and mitigation of environmental damage through UNEP advice and assistance; and (c) adequate voluntary contributions to UNEP.
(iii) Technical equipment: a database and an electronic forum on best practices on the social and environmental responsibility of Internet-accessible societies (1); information advisory services (information exchange centres) on persistent organic pollutants, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); online database on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable development (1); information clearing and website of the Global Network on Energy for Sustainable Development (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive programme of socio-economic and political development in the continent, and it must also be addressed from a holistic perspective.
Interdependence of democracy and human rights 143
Recognizing the importance of the role of women in the reconciliation process and the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and exercised without discrimination of any kind;
Recommends the following draft decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Stressing the importance of fully implementing the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS “Global Crisis, Global Action”, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001, at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, with a view to further streamlining and efficiency and to facilitating her access to information required to carry out her functions, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their possible mechanisms for the promotion of women's human rights;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, United Nations bodies, programmes and specialized agencies, as well as international and non-governmental organizations, to indicate the measures they have taken to promote and implement, where appropriate, the HIV/AIDS and human rights guidelines and the present resolution, and to submit an interim report to the General Assembly, in consultation with the parties concerned, for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Urges States to pay particular attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account that girls and boys can be exposed to different types of risks;
Notes with satisfaction the affirmation by the General Assembly that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous people is one of the major objectives of the Decade, and calls for the early implementation of the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) concerning derogations from the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in times of emergency,
Staff of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the rule of law, inter alia, by working with international donors on the training of law enforcement authorities that are sensitive to the protection and protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms and to take steps to improve access to justice, as well as to implement prison reform measures to bring it into line with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43, paragraph 2, of the Convention, bringing the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child from 18 to 18, expressing the hope that the amendment will enable the Committee to effectively carry out the new tasks related to the follow-up to the two Optional Protocols to the Convention and also hoping that the Committee will come to the end of work in arrears,
(g) To grant the widest possible assistance for any investigation, criminal proceedings or extradition proceedings relating to the offences referred to in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including obtaining evidence available and necessary for the purposes of the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
Also at the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally introduced the proposed amendments (E/CN.4/2003/L.77) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.2, consisting of two new paragraphs, before operative paragraph 1, as follows:
Discrimination in the criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the proposed amendment (E/CN.4/2003/L.103) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.66, sponsored by Cuba.
Eritrea and Malaysia subsequently joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised operative paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women are more than men, the age gap, and that the status of older women everywhere must be a priority,
It was understood that if reimbursement was based on standard rates, some Governments would not be reimbursed in full for the costs of their participation in a United Nations peacekeeping force.
He had discussions with the Secretariat in order to ensure that, henceforth, detailed information would be provided in a timely manner in accordance with the simplified approach.
According to additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had planned 46 aircraft for 2002/03: 22 helicopters and 24,680 flight hours and 24 aircraft and 39,700 hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. by Mr. David Anderson, President of the Governing Council at its twenty-first session.
Lastly, he announced that, at the request of UNEP, an advisory committee of judges had been established to deepen cooperation between UNEP and judges.
By a note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted Member States and received in writing the following proposals:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures constitute a major obstacle to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
Replace Gg CO2 equivalent with Gg
Often, the so-called churches are involved in maintaining this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore not in a position to clarify the fate or whereabouts of the persons concerned.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, including 318 on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 through information provided by the source.
A few cases relate to persons who were reportedly arrested at checkpoints by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000, or abducted by Hizbullah and transferred to the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted once again two updated cases based on further information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our congratulations and appreciation to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barthelemy, who, through their dedication and availability, honour the Secretariat.
19.24 The provision of $796,000 relates to meetings of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender statistics, other measurable aspects of socio-economic life and the application of information technology;
In this raid, two Palestinians, including a 15-year-old boy, Mohammed Rabie Saber, were killed.
Developments in the peace process
However, between July and September 2002, some absolutely condemnable acts committed by the regular armed forces led to the death of a considerable number of civilians, including olds, women and children whose responsibility in the conflict was far from being proved.
One member from Eastern European States;
Noting that, as some Parties have submitted their notifications late or have not submitted them, and that delays in conducting in-depth reviews, the assessment of implementation has been hampered,
It may be expected that their implementation will continue to raise problems in the future, as it will require time to change the financial style and focus on outputs and outcomes rather than on inputs and planning.
It was regrettable that the overall achievement of the goals set out in the Programme of Action was not achieved, leaving the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance affecting the lives of millions of people throughout the world.
They may do so at any time.
Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee is concerned that the rights set forth in the Covenant are not sufficiently protected with regard to a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party request international assistance for the effective functioning of the Public Defender's Office.
It also commends the State party's efforts to make the results of its interaction with the United Nations human rights treaty bodies public, including through the possible consultation of their reports on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the concluding observations of those bodies in Estonia.
In the context of general comment, he considered that emphasis should be placed on equality between men and women.
Individuals and groups should have full and equal access to information available to public authorities or third parties concerning water, water and environment.
The operation “A package for a peacekeeper” allowed for the dispatch to peacekeepers in Bosnia and Lebanon of 15,000 packages at the end of the year.
Reiterates its request to the parties to redouble their efforts to take steps to build confidence and to contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Rwanda, Tonga, Uganda.
In particular, a series of documents should be developed:
A collective approach and spirit have emerged.
We will achieve those goals only by facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, by raising awareness of the dangers posed by mines, destroying stockpiled mines, providing assistance to victims, facilitating their social reintegration and by persuading new States to formally accede to the Convention and to comply with its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political necessity of the Ottawa Convention as a means of significantly improving the lives of people in many countries seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also presented a synthesis of the evolution of the role of the Special Unit for TCDC and described some of the adjustments resulting from them at the level of its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) An accomplice to a person who commits or attempts to commit one of these acts.
“ 1 bis.
If homicide is committed by the author while he is carrying out a barter vehicle, with drugs or medicines that stop his or her personality or in a situation that undermines or reduces his mental, funnelling or physical capacity, the penalty for which he or she is liable is twice the sentence applied in the absence of these circumstances.
Each of the cases reviewed and the arguments heard, the Chairman addressed the market recommendations for approval by the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) The nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee in Brazzaville from 14 to 17 May 2003;
Convinced of the need to make every effort to contribute in an effective and coordinated manner to the challenge of removing anti-personnel mines scattered around the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition, the social security courses provided for young people entering the labour market without having completed their training.
Social Security Briefs included in the Spanish system
The beneficiaries of this pension are surviving spouses and separated or divorced spouses, or whose marriage has been declared invalid.
This is why facilitation of access to adequate housing is a principle that should guide public action.
(c) Management and resolution of individualized economic assistance kits for protected housing and protection for rehabilitation;
In these agreements, central and autonomous public administrations maintain their respective normative competencies, in a concerted manner, to achieve the cultural object of the conventions, which are funded in proportion or amount.
A solution may be to provide children, from their younger age, with culturally appropriate education and to raise awareness about gender issues so as to promote a new culture that fosters joint action against HIV/AIDS and improved economic and social conditions for all.
The rule in Barcelona Traction emanates from general principles of the law of societies admitted by civilized and non-traditional international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule in Barcelona Traction led States to resort to bilateral investment treaties, allowing investors to settle their differences with the host State before resorting to ad hoc arbitration tribunals or the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes established by the Convention on the Settlement of Investment Disputes between States and Nationals of other States.
Barcelona Traction authority
In the Delagoa Bay case, the United Kingdom and the United States strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when they intervened to protect their nationals who were shareholders of a Portuguese company to which Portugal itself caused injury, but the arbitral tribunal seized the dispute had jurisdiction only to determine the amount of compensation to be granted.
A corporation cannot therefore change its nationality for diplomatic protection by changing its social headquarters, home or place of control.
Ibid., p. 4.
“The Court notes from the outset that the complainants do not complain of a violation of their rights as agents of the Fix, such as that of General Assembly and voting.
The widest measure of mutual legal assistance is granted, as long as the relevant laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the requested State Party allow for the investigation, prosecution and judicial proceedings of offences against which a legal person may be held liable in the requesting State Party, in accordance with article [...] [Responsibility of legal persons] of this Convention.
(c) Full or partial allocation of the value of such proceeds or property or funds from their sale to reduce the multilateral debt of the requesting State Party.
]
Addition proposed by Ukraine.
The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon are as follows:
To promote the development of rural youth around the world, FAO also emphasizes in its programmes, projects and activities the importance of close family ties and the protection of major family values.
Although the situation of these people has changed somewhat as a result of the recent conflict, some families that have been able to return to their homes, resettlement of displaced persons remains a major humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional arrangements on human rights continues to facilitate efforts on both sides in this field, and that there are opportunities for further cooperation,
Education and diplomas
Publications
- Aspects of the rights of contingent soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Concern was expressed that many external factors were reported.
Pursuant to the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/OC.263) sent by Inocencio Arias, Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a follow-up interim report pursuant to that submitted by the Government of Saint Marino on 8 July 2002 pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In that regard, I should repeat it, strengthening the Secretariat's capacity and learning lessons from the success of expert groups should be strengthened.
It goes without saying that my delegation fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcello Spatafora, who spoke with so many words on behalf of the European Union.
As I also represent in today's debate the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan, I would like to stress the decisive and inspiring role played by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: postgraduate studies in political science at the University of Sacre-Cory University of Milan
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers arriving without permission on Christmas Island, Cocos and Ashmore islands have been returned to Nauru and the Isle of Manus in Papua New Guinea, where they are housed in detention centres pending their decision on asylum applications;
Because of the signs observed in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we have great hope to complete the preparatory process, but also the conference.
As we have stated on many occasions, we fully support the regional approach to issues relating to the Great Lakes region, hence the importance of appropriate preparations for this international conference.
While some progress has been made by the Committee on the Question of Treaties, including a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, various issues of principle have made real progress more difficult.
In earlier negotiations under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denktash, as part of a comprehensive package of measures, had agreed that the area of the Turkish Cypriot State was within that range.
She therefore wished to know whether the Government had new ideas to move forward.
More comprehensive information on the services to which these women have access, financing women's organizations and policies for women, people or agencies responsible for such efforts and cooperative measures would be useful.
OIOS rightly points out that the centres in the seconds should be managed differently from those in the first place, where Internet access and libraries do not pose problems.
Ms. Afifi (Morocco) said that it was very important for the Organization to have internal controls to detect irregularities and recommend solutions.
The important thing is to identify these transgressions as soon as possible and to avoid their increasing trend.
The proposed items will be added to the list contained in the report of the third meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.4.2 The vapportic aerosols shall be classified as inflammable, extremely inflammable or inflammable in accordance with the following criteria:
The indigenous youth movement has insisted on revitalization of indigenous languages.
It does not comply with any rule and seems determined to translate its declared intentions despite international condemnation.
We have also noted that, in defiance of the will of the international community, the construction of an expansionist wall, usurped Palestinian land and preventing Palestinians from living normally.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the necessary authority to undertake this essential task.
Underlining the importance of education in the promotion of tolerance, which is to accept and respect diversity, and that education, in particular at school, should contribute effectively to promoting tolerance and the elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 requesting the necessary mechanisms to enable its associate members, including the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories, to participate, subject to the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, in the special sessions of the Assembly, which would be devoted to the review and evaluation of the implementation of the plans of action of the United Nations conferences, to which the Council had participated in those subsidiary bodies of those organizations of the United Nations conferences of the United Nations conferences of the United Nations conferences of the Conference of the Council of the Council of the United Nations conferences of the Council of the United Nations observers;
The value of an indicator on deposit guarantee mechanisms is easily explained, since the public considers that banks are not enterprises like others.
One of these steps was the creation of a system for collecting information on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization agrees to accept the statute of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Néstor Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
There is a need to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system, as well as to strengthen the role of our international Organization as coordinator of the efforts of the international community in support of the affected countries, taking into account the priorities set by the authorities of those States themselves.
The necessary legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities for disaster preparedness and management, including the transfer of responsibility for disaster management to civilian control.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters, New York, from 20 to 23 January.
He stressed that full cost recovery was a fundamental necessity for UNOPS business.
They wished him a happy retirement.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and curfews in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would allow the programme to exceed its objectives.
It urges them not to recruit children as soldiers or as assistants or even to intermingled them into armed conflict.
Notes with appreciation the success of the pilot project on the development of an international radio broadcasting capacity for the United Nations and endorses the Secretary-General's proposal that this pilot project be an integral part of the Department's activities;
Welcomes the Secretary-General's proposal to provide free access to the Official Document System of the United Nations through the connectivity of the United Nations website, to be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Suppl.
On a more encouraging note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all the official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group and stressed the need to continue.
It was noted that there could be much learning about existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Basel Convention website (www.bas.int).
At its 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on this agenda item on the basis of the draft contained in the relevant conference room paper, as orally amended.
(a) Undertake and oversee concrete activities of the project on priority areas, in particular the production, movement and environmentally sound management of wastes, as well as the active promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cuba, France, Germany, Guatemala, India, Ireland, Japan, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, South Africa, Syrian Arab Republic, Sweden, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United States of America, Zimbabwe.
The French version of the UNGEGN's information warehouse had been published.
The Conference began in plenary meeting its consideration of item 21 (Adoption of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, prior to its continuation and adoption of the final draft report.
Noting also the essential role played by this United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and the sessions of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During his meeting with local NGOs, the expert's attention was again drawn to the need to provide uniforms and training to police officers.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on forest products production, consumption and trade (1); forest resource database (1); database on assistance to countries with economies in transition (1); maintenance of a web site providing documentation on meetings, extracts of publications and information on activities related to timber (1);
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information on child trafficking and child prostitution from, inter alia, the challenges of children, Government ministries, the police, including the Central Anti-Trafficking in Persons Agency and the Juvenile Protection Brigade and several NGOs.
(b) For meetings of the governing bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the provisions of the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly adhered to, unless otherwise decided by the participants; if the secretariats are not in a position to provide pre-session documents in all languages prescribed for reasons beyond their control, they should, on an exceptional basis, temporarily submit them in the form of abides or summary summaries in the languages concerned, with deadlines;
Although the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that it did not use the term “official language”, [signative] [address] [emphasis]]] that, when the General Assembly considered a report entitled “Use of Portuguese as the working language of WIPO” (WO/GA/26/1) at its September-October 2000 session, it recalled the decision taken by the governing bodies in 1979 to read the Portuguese language.
Such an exercise could be carried out as part of an inventory of the language knowledge of staff who should itself be part of the periodic data provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or on human resources management.
It should also be said that translation delays add to normal time frames for implementation.
For example, the peer review process of the Development Assistance Committee of the Economic Development Cooperation Organization could be extended to cover trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed by the Human Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement comprehensive study programmes, including on human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention with a view to changing stereotypical attitudes about the roles of men and women, and in particular to accept the perception that child education is a social responsibility of both mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators to take into account dropout and pregnancies in national fertility surveys had been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that, following its consideration of the third periodic report on the Law on the 300-day period imposed on widows or divorced women before remarrying.
The Committee recommends that the State party take further measures to enable everyone to reconcile family responsibilities and professional responsibilities and to promote equitable sharing of domestic and family tasks between men and women.
The Committee expresses concern at the lack of systematic data collection on violence against women, including domestic violence.
According to the Banking Act (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) A fine of $500,000, if it is a legal person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press release on the occasion of the exchange of correspondence concerning the visits of Argentina to South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, in which they stated, inter alia:
The facts and history of the contracts relating to this project were set out in paragraphs 304-312.
This amount includes (a) USD 2,3002,392 for work performed and materials that were allegedly delivered at the project site and (b) USD 1,457,674 for the retention monies retained by SEEG.
The evidence shows that the work to which the last decomects (Decapts 47 and 61) were performed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the MIE Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation for the departure of its employees from Iraq, for which project assets were left unsupervised.
No further deductions were made after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and Iraq's customs authorities have never cancelled the remaining part of the fines (IQD 348,000) that they had imposed on the Consortium.
In short, the Committee intends to abbreviate these reports and recommendations, wherever possible, and thus reduce the cost of translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, with regard to follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits, the Council must play a central role in monitoring concrete progress towards the various goals of those conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which Heads of State and Government resolved to make every effort to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol enters into force and to begin to implement the mandated emission reductions of greenhouse gases,
This suggestion was not accepted, but it was to be hoped that the authors would wish to ask whether a less frequent examination would not suffice in the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of Interior and Spatial Planning of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed in the Executive Council to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore intended to provide the Committee with the necessary resources to carry out its tasks.
It cannot be justified in any way that this smuggling is tolerated, whose effects are still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to promoting the equitable use of ocean resources and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to the follow-up to the Millennium Summit, mention should be made of the Secretary-General's observation in his report that the goals could be achieved if, by 2015, we maintain and add momentum over the past three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, there can be no more important or noble goal than poverty eradication.
Death in suspicious conditions that have not been clarified was recorded in the Mape internment camp, where Liberian combatants who sought refuge in Sierra Leone are detained.
The recovery of heavy weapons began in Mazar-e-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration will start only at the beginning of January to allow sufficient time to verify the four divisions in the area as well as the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers who are supposed to participate in the operation, twice as in the Kunduz and Gardez pilot phases.
However, such means should not be available before the beginning of the summer of 2004, at the time of five provincial reconstruction teams in place in the north of the country should be headed by ISAF.
Activities for which larger core resources should be identified include:
UNIFEM strategies
Ten-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on women, peace and security (S/2002/1154); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Experts Assessment on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Role in Peace-building (UNIFEM, 2002); Pas minute to lose to end violence against women and other initiatives (UNIFEM, 2003).
The Panel finds that these illegal imports of Serbian weapons have increased significantly the firepower of the Liberian Government in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations agencies are currently establishing five regional offices in Saclepea (Nimba), Voinjama (Lofa), Gbarnga-Phebe (Bong), Harper ( Maryland) and Zwedru (Grand Gedeh), from which they provide humanitarian assistance within the country.
Charles Taylor exercised control over all industries with a strong, licit or illicit benefit from Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral bodies
The weakening of Islamist groups would have to improve the economic situation, the opportunities offered by power, social resistance, especially that of elites claiming freedom and democracy, but also the actions of law enforcement forces, both and so long as the monquis appear to have lost the chance of many young people.
There are now, according to the Ministry of Religious Affairs, 11,941 operating mosques, of which 1,840 would be completed and 1,079 in progress.
The working papers prepared by major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report to the Commission on the work of the Committee on Energy at its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) ESCWA member States will support efforts to encourage the use of information and communication technology to improve competitiveness and productivity; (b) there will be sufficient information infrastructures and applications to support networking and connectivity; and (c) Member States will follow up on the World Summit on Information.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam was a religion of tolerance; Shari'a was perfectly compatible with human rights.
In particular, it was intended to define effective algorithms of filtering and fing of the firing window, as the combination of the problem was high.
In collaboration with research from Lawrence Lvermore National Laboratory (United States) and the Imperial College in London, the Natural History Museum continued to assess in situ particulate analysis techniques in a goldgel.
The main development challenges should be linked to the equipment seized, its system of correction of attitude and orbit and its guidance, navigation and control elements, which are necessary for the safe approach of uncontrolled and unpredictable objects.
At least two disturbances (e.g. an Ekran satellite and an X-ray rocket) occurred in the geostationary orbit, but the corresponding fragments have not been identified, which means that their orbits are unknown.
Item 3.
“The Security Council supports the commitment of the Interim Administration of Afghanistan to eradicate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement decrees prohibiting opium poppy cultivation, production and transformation, including illicit drug trafficking and drug abuse.
The list of these issues was presented by the author during the UNCTAD meeting held in Bangkok in 2002:
Regional and global approaches are not contradictory but rather complementary and interdependent.
• Regional security exceptions;
Minimum requirements for medically assisted treatment of drug users
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9, 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered deferred quadrennial reports under agenda item 4.
The secretariat would draft a draft letter-holder, to be distributed to the members of the working group.
With regard to content development, emphasis is placed on the design of products and services in languages, materials and presentations that allow for optimal dissemination and use by broadcasters and users.
• In order to expand its outreach, the Regional Information Centre will work closely with resident coordinator offices in countries where there exists and can conclude partnerships with national institutions and organizations, such as United Nations Associations.
Phase 2 ended on 4 February 2002 with the entry into operation of the new multilingual system, which fully operates the multilingual capabilities of the Lotus Notes environment, allowing users to choose among the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity as to the right and practice of custody, the length of such custody and access to a lawyer in the custody.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Consultative Commission on Human Rights to function, in accordance with the Principles relating to the Status of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (“the Paris Principles”), as contained in General Assembly resolution 48/134.
Information on measures taken by the authorities to prosecute traffickers, as well as more specific information on the number of victims and the number of children who have received protection, repatriation and reintegration measures, should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements and the biennial support budget are fully aligned with the four-year clarification period.
Ms. Shin wished to congratulate Mexico on organizing the first world conference on women in 1975 and early ratification of the Convention and the Optional Protocol.
The equality of men and women is of particular importance in economic and social development.
The main objectives of UNISPACE III were:
The Ministry of Justice received requests for registration of over 100 parties.
Examples of initiatives aimed at building the capacity of LDCs to implement the principles of good governance include, inter alia, funding from the United Kingdom Ministry of International Development of a local administration reform programme in the United Republic of Tanzania; support from the G8 to the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which includes 34 LDCs; participation by Italy in the African Regional Development Assistance Forum;
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example — have announced additional debt relief and, in view of the insufficient reserves of the HIPC Trust Fund, some have decided to increase their contributions to the Fund, and the Government of Morocco has announced debt cancellation for African LDCs and the frank admission of their exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his latest report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), as well as the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
The relations with Jakarta have been standardized; militia members in West Timor appear to be largely demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I wish to stress that, as rightly stated by the Secretary-General, the sustainable stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of Timorese leadership to the rule of law and its continued efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism has been installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
The general debate will be broadcast live on the Web and archived for viewing at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity to which the representative of Turkey referred is only one — and I am working here on the terminology of the European Code of Human Rights and subordinate administration of Turkey, and nothing else.
The Anti-racism European Football Network also organizes annually in Monecchio, Italy, the Antiracist Cup, an event that brings together artists and non-European professional and migrant communities.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Panel discussion on “Reducing the risks posed by biological weapons”
Article 34 Accounting offences
(b) If both spouses are staff members of the Secretariat, only one of the members of the couple may benefit from the provisions of subparagraph (a) (i) and (ii) above, then the other may apply to the provisions of subparagraph (iii) above if it otherwise meets the requirements;
The discussion of this issue resulted in a discussion of measures to increase transparency in small arms and light weapons.
Given the importance of partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, participants at the meeting called for more such initiatives and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II to the Staff Regulations - education grant and special education grant
Annex III
(ii) Issues relating to registries under Article 7, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions reached by the 2000 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons;
Seriously concerned about discrimination against girls and violations of their rights, which often result in fewer boys access to education, adequate food and physical and mental health care, which are less accessible to girls and their rights, opportunities and benefits from childhood and adolescence, and that they are frequently subjected to various forms of cultural, social, economic and social exploitation, as well as to sexual abuse,
Stressing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should constitute the norm in the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, and recognizing the importance of the Optional Protocols to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on children engaged in armed conflict and on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing and ratifying or acceding to the Optional Protocols to the Convention on children engaged in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, and urges them to implement them fully;
Convinced that collective action is more successful, she believes that all nations in a position to do so should contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
These include data management and mine action standards.
I have no intention to prejudice the intentions of the high-level panel on United Nations reform, but in my view, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is considered in peacekeeping mandates and, where appropriate, included in them.
See generally Best Practices in Poverty Reduction: An Analytical Framework, Else Øyer (ed.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, as soon as possible the closing date of the session of the Commission, chapter II of the report of the Commission, containing summaries of the work of the session, chapter III, which outlines the points on which the observations of States would be of particular interest to the Commission and the draft articles adopted by the Commission on first or second reading;
In establishing the United Nations, the administering Powers committed themselves, under the Charter, to ensure that the Territories under their administration reach an appropriate level of self-government.
The Chairman: If no further delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Ad Hoc Committee shall hold in 2003 at least one session of 10 working days before the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
One of the results of that meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation policies and legislation.
A. 7), chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now in urgent need of assistance and support from the international community.
Saint Lucia, presiding over this Assembly, is preparing a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the relevant support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What results will be achieved on the Indian industries and the nascent industries of poor countries?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that what happened in Iraq — the atrocities of yesterday, reconstruction today — is a tragic historic event and that the international community must promote such reconstruction and be with us at this time.
Mr. Hu paid tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that, although China had not signed it, that had not prevented it from having exchanges and cooperation with the signatory countries.
Of the 250,000 people who reportedly died in war-related circumstances since 1989, at least half would be civilian non-combatants.
(f) Facilitating the free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and property throughout Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In the event of any violation of women's rights in employment, the person concerned shall have the right to apply the court in accordance with the Civil Procedure Code.
There are several non-governmental organizations working in Latvia on family planning issues.
Despite these efforts, the Panel has been disabled in its work by a number of factors, including its low level of size, limited operating budget, and the country's division, as well as the alignment of many media bodies with the positions of either side and the other camp and the piecemeal nature of information infrastructures outside the capital.
Despite this, the Assembly has always been unable to refute the accusation that it does not fulfil its mandate under the Charter of the United Nations.
It is therefore encouraging — in view of the commitment to complete phase II of the arms disposal plan by 24 December 2002, as planned — to see that the Action Plan to complete arms collection was adopted at the Buka meeting on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key to progress in the peace process in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998 on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 57/291 of 20 December 2002,
This is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by an international organization, within its competence and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
Of course, this should be monitored by the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): I wish at the outset to thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that caution must be exercised.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal stands ready to assist the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, in providing troops and other resources.
The Committee's recommendations complement the actions taken by intergovernmental bodies and processes, including at the high-level summits and conferences that took place since the last report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development held in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development, held at Monterrey in March 2002.
Because of their geographical and economic isolation and marginalization, they are often more vulnerable than others to violence, especially domestic violence, and trafficking.
Africa II Division
Fourteen countries received assistance of $4 million or more.
The members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was essential, and that Angola needed to address specific humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea): Thank you, Mr. President, for convening this meeting.
I believe that, from the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly well placed to develop and strengthen the technical capacity of Bougainville, commensurate with its technical and other expertise.
With the support of the Yugoslav People's Army, the Serbian forces took control of some parts of Western Slavonia and Eastern Slavonia, eventually bringing these territories into one State, the “Relegika Republika Srpska Krajina”.
The fight against desertification is an important element of sustainable development in addition to being an environmental problem.
Such cooperation links individuals and enterprises in developing countries and helps attract domestic and foreign investment to strengthen and upgrade productive capacities, thereby increasing the competitiveness of the manufacturing sector in developing countries.
For our part, Jordan rejects all evil lies and the sinister campaigns aimed at denigrating Arabs and Muslims by labeling them as terrorists.
There is, behind the discussions that took place prior to the war and were still fuelling controversy, a severe evil in the distribution of power in the international arena that emerged after the cold war.
The suicide attacks targeting innocent civilians must end and the occupation of Arab lands must cease.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly regain its primacy at the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council be more visible and more relevant to ordinary people.
Emphasizes the need to establish a transitional administration in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations, to ensure stability and to create the necessary conditions for lasting peace and respect for human rights.
As to the follow-up to paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future courses would host more participants should be welcomed.
The review process was not intended to renegotiate the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that indicators relating to policy, whether at the national or international level, were more difficult to define indicators for achieving concrete results such as certain types of technical assistance.
As part of the development of new mechanisms, the issue of the stability of flows should receive sufficient attention.
Such errors noted in the report, which might seem superficial, were indeed serious and fundamental if they were placed in a political context.
He wished to warn the representative in question that, in which he had chosen to do with the historical allusions he had to be able to compare the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been exterminated, with current political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
H. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and admission of observers 29 - 30 7
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, with effect from 1 January 2004:
Assistance to developing countries in their multilateral trade negotiations on services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in that area had been recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General hereby submits to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization in response to Economic and Social Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998 and 53/200 of 15 December 1998.
They also attended several ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of leading industrial associations and non-governmental groups.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions have been made with or by natural or legal persons resident in countries that do not cooperate with the International Financial Action Task Force (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights established, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa, Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and at the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, environmental-friendly social and economic policies, democratic institutions that are sensitive to the needs of people, the supremacy of law, anti-corruption measures, gender equality and an investment environment are the basis for sustainable development and are essential for the provision of adequate housing as a component of the right to life;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is due to the gradual reduction of civilian police personnel from 3,055 in July 2004 to 2,195 in June 2005.
The report concludes that the combination of evaluation based on various ratings and a multisectoral approach is fruitful.
Emphasizes that all future and existing peacekeeping missions shall be given equal and non-discriminatory treatment in respect of financial and administrative arrangements;
The Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, was Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (Oman), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Malev (Belarus), Vice-Chairperson-cum-Rapporteur.
Insolvency proceeding law
I would also like to express our appreciation to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his very useful comments on the contribution of ECOSOC to the peace process.
Model provision 51 is approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations at the nineteenth session of the Committee on Programmes and Budgets that took place recently, the Director-General appointed the Director-General of the Programme Development and Technical Cooperation Division to further influence evaluation and develop appropriate performance indicators.
Before replicating it into other integrated programmes and adopting this combined approach as UNIDO model methodology, the indicator framework is being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions to be adopted by the Council
Annex II
The Hydril's claim relates to six contracts with INOC for the sale of items for use in oilfields in Iraq.
Although the basis for such comparisons is not ideal, as already mentioned, the elements to show that UNIDO assumes a disproportionate responsibility because it manages all the VIC buildings are sufficiently convincing.
NEPAD promotes the creation of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening scope of reservations is clearly reflected in the late formulation of a reservation and therefore the restrictions adopted in the latter case (Guidelines 2.3.1 to 2.3.3) must be transposed to the cases of assessment of the scope of reservations, which also reflect the common practice, including the usual practice, including the usual practice.
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposes a definition of objections, taking into account theoretical considerations and the study of practice.
Where landfills are properly sealed, the risk of oil infiltration into underlying waters is minimal.
Please describe any legislative and/or administrative measures taken to implement this travel ban.
The procedures for the import and export of arms are the subject of responses to questions 22 and 23 and any activity other than those provided for in these proceedings shall be considered as an offence under the applicable criminal law.
Space:
A list of space systems for sustainable development is contained in table 1.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): For 11 years, the General Assembly of the United Nations has adopted annually resolutions calling on all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and to abide by the principles contained in international legal instruments, by repealing or invalidating all laws and measures with extraterritorial effects, which affect the sovereignty of other States, the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction.
Castro remains steadfastly opposed to any political opening and continues to deny the people of Cuba the most basic rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Asset Disposal Unit would be called upon to evolve with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council on the item
Once reached at 910 hours, the inspectors met with the Director of the warehouses to which they asked about the activities carried out at those sites, the type of medicines and diagnostic equipment, the business structure and the names of its main managers, and asked whether vaccines had been imported and distributed and whether changes had occurred over the past four years.
A 24 per cent ceiling and a floor rate of 0.01 per cent will be used for the scale of assessments of States Parties for the Tribunal's budget (see para.
At the Twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was agreed that the Tribunal should continue to practice its current practice with regard to staff assessment pending the adoption of a decision based on a detailed proposal to be submitted by the Tribunal to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the above-mentioned Act provides for separate protection for persons who organize or participate in the strike, provided that the movement is organized in accordance with the law.
Equal access to public higher education enables high school students who want to continue their studies to be successful at secondary level.
As a result, phenomena such as soil erosion and the extinguishment of vegetable and animal species in some quarters (forest, river and lakes) could hamper the harmonious development of Montenegro, which means, by contrast, that the current level of poverty may continue.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 on Social Security (minimum standard), insured persons who have contributed for less than 20 years are eligible to retire at age 65 for men and 60 years for women after 15 years of contributory service.
See table 18 attached as annex.
The European Union stresses the importance of the rapid deployment of the intranet/international stabilization force.
Have you encountered problems in the implementation of the names and identification information currently on the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly*
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Limitation Period in War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity of 26 November 1968 must be able, in this case, to apply fully in the same way as those, when justified, by the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have internationally defined safeguards for the protection of children, but they are not successful.
This should be repressed by the Security Council, as it is cynical, anachronistic and constitutes an act of violation of the agreed ceasefire and truce.
Concerned about the fate of many Kuwaitis and nationals of third States reported missing since 2 August 1990,
(We hope that the principle of gender equality will be applied.
Geneva, 27-28 November 2003
General Assembly resolution 44/21,
The discussion of this topic today is therefore an absolute necessity and is very much about.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement in explanation of position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
If I hear no objection, I shall put the draft resolution to the vote now.
Under item 117 (b):
The Panel also considered several claims relating to industrial or commercial losses allegedly incurred by the claimants as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
b Excludes an amount of USD 2,174,379.83 for business losses suffered by Kuwaiti enterprises, whose review will be entrusted to the “E4” Panels in accordance with Governing Council decision 123.
Emphasizes the need to fight for wider acceptance of the internationalization and realization of the right to development, and calls upon States to formulate necessary actions and to establish the necessary measures for the implementation of the right to development as a fundamental human right;
Developments in the human rights situation since the signing of the Peace Agreements
That is why the next Government must urgently build on the success of the police, judges, prosecutors and human rights activists whose dedication and courage are the basis for reform.
There is still no comprehensive global definition of universal human rights obligations that correspond to the right to education.
The truth about the events of Khodjali
This reference to international organizations has prompted the inclusion in article 2, paragraph 1 (i), of the following definition for the purposes of the Convention:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered the preliminary outline and introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Introduction)).
In order to consider new priorities, it was necessary first to identify obsolete activities.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections were held in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly, which established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of 1983, which currently regulates the institutional life of the nation.
Action on the next meeting of the Committee on Budget and Finance, including dates and venue.
Improvement and upgrading of conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi in order to ensure that the conference facilities are adequately accommodated at major meetings and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance of the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and contained in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “National research on space debris, the safety of space objects with nuclear power sources and the problems relating to their collision with space debris” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on “Developing for the Use of Nuclear Power Sources in Outer Space” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.265/Add.1).
Space object function: The satellite is used for commercial communications and defence purposes.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet done so to impose on financial institutions the appropriate implementation of comprehensive precautionary and vigilance programmes that can promote transparency and prevent the illicit placement of funds;
We highly appreciate the initiative taken by the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global assessment mechanism for the marine environment, based on a previous General Assembly resolution, resolution 57/141, and the report of this year of the Secretary-General, which is now resumed in draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a transparent and regular inter-agency cooperation and coordination mechanism within the United Nations system to fill the gap left by the abolition of the Subcommittee on Oceans and Coastal Areas.
By ratifying the Convention, we affirmed our belief in the application of the rule of law to the world's oceans.
The results of the project, including specific recommendations on minimizing the risks to biodiversity resulting from mining activities to ocean funds, will be transmitted by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the increase in the base/floor salary scale, the Commission noted that the question of possible changes to staff assessment rates to address imbalances in the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the United Nations Secretariat, which had indicated that no immediate changes were required.
On 20 September, there was an arbitrary arrest of members of a humanitarian commission composed of non-governmental organizations, labour stations and the Office of the Ombudsman of the Valle del Cauca, who travelled to Cal to support the land of the peasants of Cauca.
Mention should be made of the adoption of Act No. 747 of 2002, which, inter alia, deals with persons as a criminal offence.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda* Coordination, programme and other questions: United Nations Information and Communication Technologies Task Force
Such support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute to the long-term poverty reduction.
The experience of the United Nations itself shows that in most cases the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is shaped and structured by the scope and nature of its involvement in each phase of conflict resolution.
In addition, programmes for the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration of ex-combatants must be implemented to combat arms trafficking, particularly small arms and light weapons, to ensure the return of refugees and internally displaced persons and to promote human rights.
I would like, however, at this stage of our debate to make a few remarks, first of all, on the evolution of the Council's work.
It is sufficient to consider some of these conflicts in order to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from post-conflict situations to another.
Before discussing the role of the United Nations in overcoming these conflicts, I would like to make a remark on those conflicts themselves.
We strongly believe that in order to be credible and effective, the Council must benefit from the full confidence and support of the international community.
He also stressed that the Charter should be the basis for ensuring the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network has shown how various partners of the international community can work together to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for lead countries of the Youth Employment Network*
Opening of the session
The travaux préparatoires will indicate, with regard to paragraph 2 (a) of this article, that a State Party may choose to establish procedures to recognize and enforce a foreign order of freezing or seizure or to rely on such a decision to seek a freezing or seizure order from its own authorities.
Governments have used security legislation to justify censorship of human rights information and reprisals against defenders.
Effects estimate: Several Parties provided an estimate of the effects of various transport sector policies (Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, the European Community, Estonia, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland).
Policies and actions with broader objectives than the only fight against climate change: The most commonly reported policies in the agriculture sector fall within this category.
The policies and measures to combat the emissions of CH4 from animal-based fermentation are focused on reducing the number of cattle heads by reducing the number of national livestock and increasing farming practices combined with higher-level yield, reducing pucin livestock (Belgium), reducing livestock (Slovakia) and conducting research programmes with specific aim at reducing the number of crops (NCDs) to explore ways and means.
The 2003 special session on the UNICEF Executive Board budget will be held on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth network, which relates to renewable energy sources, is expected to be established by the end of 2003.
Such networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
Today's vocabulary offers terms such as “real time” or “Internet access”, as if the slightest delay in transmission and processing of information removed from reality to the Internet, or in any case the devalis was severely debilitating.
All countries that measure certain economic functions shared a focus on the fact that the study function was within the enterprise or carried out between several enterprises.
Many of the measures taken in the past few years would have been impossible without the progress made in terms of concepts and definitions through the OECD Working Group on Information Society Indicators.
Lastly, the Secretariat should indicate the share of extrabudgetary resources allocated to each of the sections considered in previous four bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi) with the following paragraph:
In Ghana, the prevalence rate of HIV/AIDS of 3.4 per cent has not decreased over the past two years, although it is lower than that of other countries in the West African region, where the rates range from 5 per cent to 11 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific in terms of commitments and expenditure.
In that context, it is gratifying to recall the directions we have committed to establishing in Tunisia, since the change of 7 November 1987, and which have identified, among the priorities, the consecration of human rights, in their various dimensions and in their comprehensive design, which includes the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The hegemonic ambitions impose on the smallest countries of the region the unimaginable obligation to pay high military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, Iraqis are beginning to recover with the help of their allies and friends, and they look forward to the assistance of the international community, under the aegis of the United Nations.
If the table does not provide a conservativeness factor for a particular source category, a factor should be used for a category with similar characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 to read:
Urges all States to promote and respect the human rights of all persons in any situation;
Decides to continue its consideration of the question at its sixtieth session under the agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms wherever they occur in the world”.
We also welcome Mr. Jacques Klein's appointment as Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
In that regard, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the level of economic and social development, but also political, which would enable it to consider the final status problem in an immediate future.
In particular, the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Kosovo Assembly is a good sign.
Such transfer is of paramount importance.
In Kosovo, therefore, much work remains to be done.
The continuation of the Kosovo Protection Corps in this form could destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the post structure of the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the scenario proposed by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by the United Nations under a lease agreement upon the expiration of which it became owner of the building and the field on which it would be built;
Decides to consider further the conference and support services to be provided to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003 in the light of the review by the Security Council of the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
Businesses are increasingly strong in reporting on the impact they can have on society and how they manage them.
The text of its statement on the remaining five reports, covering the entire system, will be communicated to delegations in due course.
One area of activity that has changed significantly in recent years is the preparation of documents for ship crews.
Section III of the Penal Code, entitled “criminal offences against individual liberty”, provides in article 151, that anyone who deprives others of their liberty by unlawful means shall be punishable by a term of six months to three years of imprisonment; if the act includes the use of threat, abuse or fraud, or if committed by a spirit of vengeance or gain, it shall be punishable by a penalty of 15 years or if the offence is serious for health, and if the offence is punishable by the offence of life of life of life of the offence of the offence of the offence of the offence of the offence of the offence of imprisonment of 15 years of imprisonment of imprisonment for the offence of imprisonment of imprisonment of 15 years of imprisonment for the offence of imprisonment of 15 years of 15 years.
Various regulations and laws apply to each component of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, to the extent possible, the names of persons or entities associated with Osama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida whose names are not on the list, unless the disclosure of such information affects investigations or enforcement measures.
The main strategic commitment of South Africa to the Middle East conflict, as clearly demonstrated by the Presidential Seminar on Peace of Spier, is to strengthen the peace camps in Israel and Palestine; to share South Africa's experience with a wide range of civil society and with the Governments of Israel and Palestine; to contribute to the reform process in Palestine and to support international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the Mission's military component had been completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative staff had to leave the Mission area on that date, in accordance with the desire expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources contacted, about 60 per cent of Liberian territory were under rebel control;
(Thousands of United States dollars)
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community has committed itself to sharing responsibility for reducing social and environmental vulnerability in the region (mostmostly); to rebuild and transform Central America in accordance with the integrated principles of transparency and good governance; to consolidate democracy and good governance; to strengthen the decentralization process, with the active participation of civil society; and to promote respect for human rights (permanent objective) by giving special attention to gender equality.
During the reporting period, the Council considered many issues of major concern for the maintenance of international peace and security in Europe, Asia, particularly the Middle East, Oceania and Africa.
In the area of security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that sporadic fighting in the north, in the south-east and to a lesser extent in the west of the country posed threats.
They called for the expansion of the membership of the Security Council so that it could regain its legitimacy, be more representative of the state of global geopolitical and better reflect it.
I have the honour to refer to your letter addressed to President Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 concerning the application by Judge Navanetem Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to obtain an extension of his mandate to the Tribunal until the so-called Media case was completed, which should not go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention paid to the situation of women and girls and the mainstreaming of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of major conferences, special sessions and summits, as well as in the follow-up to them, and reaffirming its commitment to build on the progress made,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the Chairman of the Commission at its twelfth session will have to come from the Group of Eastern European States and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee recommends against this post for the reasons set out in the general report.
Ms. Acar said that the Committee's concern about raising the age of marriage for family reunification was a necessary consequence of its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked for special measures, such as childcare arrangements and separate classes, to encourage immigrant women to follow Danish courses.
Over the past two decades, governance has become a concern for developed countries as well as for developing countries, especially as they are faced by all, in the beginning of the century, the same types of problems, though different ones — corruption, constitutional crisis, economic stagnation, ethnic conflict and increasing crime.
Organization of the work of the session
Requests the administering Power to cooperate in establishing programmes specifically aimed at promoting the development of sustainable economic activities and enterprises, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
THE STATES PARTIES TO THE CONVENTION 23 OCTOBER 2003
Emphasizes the importance of simplifying and harmonizing the requests for reports of the United Nations system to Member States and urges the relevant United Nations agencies and bodies to adopt simplified and harmonized methodologies in consultation with Member States and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and upon request, in the preparation of reports from national statistical data and statistics;
“The Government of India had previously instructed the State of Karnataka to leave the country in respect of father François Godest.
The technology had a role to play in increasing access to information, particularly geographic information systems, which, in the form of databases and software tools, could improve access to information for planning, logistics (e.g. for evacuation routes) and other purposes, allow for understanding and forecasting of phenomena and solutions to problems in geographic space, and facilitating public participation.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I have the pleasure now to deliver on the words I am convinced that we all want to hear: we have now completed our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
Since December I have been conducting a number of bilateral, group or open-ended consultations in Geneva and New York.
A view was expressed that liberal policies to address the abuse of cannabis were not only a threat to public health but also opposed the efforts of developing countries, which were making considerable efforts and resources to try to reduce cannabis cultivation in their territories.
In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Bureau engaged in several public discussions and consultations on legislative reforms relating to the status of women in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 girls have benefited from this fund.
The first promotion of 116 teachers is expected to obtain the end-of-school diploma in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector are increasing life expectancy for all Guyana, reducing disparities among social groups, improving access to health care and quality, and ensuring that health services are affordable.
A number of steps have been taken to translate the recommendations on remedies, including a draft law that provides for lawyers to report to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary steps to promote and broaden cooperation and coordination between the secretariats of the two organizations to enable them to better achieve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, participants stressed in particular the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
The distance-learning programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations collaborate with the staff of various ministries and agencies involved in the fight against AIDS and lessons learned from experience are then disseminated nationwide.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that the Group wished to associate itself with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department suggests that the problem could be solved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 to 57/128 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) Sharing information between law enforcement bodies in sensitive areas or disputed border areas; joint border control and customs control activities;
This form of integration was highlighted in the commitments made by the participants at the Copenhagen Summit and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme Council of State Control oversees the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of State funds by central and local government bodies, as well as the economic activities of legal persons with more than half of the shares or actions (arts. 162-116 of the Constitution).
Having also considered the letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council dated 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia addressed to the President of the Security Council, annexed thereto,
If necessary, it would also monitor operational, financial and personnel issues relating to MINUGUA.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Missiles”.
Those who commissioned and committed such crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nicanor Duarte Frutos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan indicated that it had concluded bilateral extradition treaties with 27 States, which included terrorist acts defined as extra-legal offences, and that more than 450 alleged terrorists had been extradited under those treaties.
Such activities are being carried out with the Commonwealth Secretariat on the drafting of legislative guides, with the Organization of American States, to support the work of the Office in Haiti and with OSCE.
Thematic communications campaigns
A senior official of the Department travelled to Brussels in June to review the preliminary arrangements with competent officials of the Belgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed website.
The meeting provided a useful opportunity to exchange views between Department of Public Information staff working at Headquarters and their colleagues in the field, as well as several outside guests, on how to manage the regionalization concept through its implementation.
The official position of the Organization on issues that make the major titles is communicated by the Office of the Spokesman through press briefings, official statements, interviews and briefings.
Any person who fuses a grazing or other presumptions of cattle, without permission from his owners, or of mealry about forests that provide water villages, even belonging to individuals, shall be punished by 6 to 18 months of imprisonment.
The average vacancy rates for staff in the Professional and higher categories in several budget sections 5, 16, 19 and 22 were higher than budgeted rates, including delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, separation and temporary assignments at higher levels (A/58/558, para.
Under the Criminal Code, “recruitment” means seeking a third party to perform an act, which is not punishable by law.
In Swiss law there are many criminal norms applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (Annex I to Switzerland's first report of 19 December 2001 contains a list of such offences).
On 1 January 2002, the Act to improve the protection of civil courts in cases of acts of unwanted sexual violence and impersonation, as well as to facilitate the provision of marital housing in cases of separation (Gesetz zur Verbeserung of zivilgerichtlichen Schutzesbei Gewaltten und Nachstllungen zur Erleichterung der Übernungel (eds.)
This is applicable only if the person is insured at the Federal Employment Service before receiving maternity benefits or starting to raise children, or in cases where unemployment benefits or unemployment assistance have ceased to be paid.
Balanced participation of women and men in the political system has not yet been compromised.
In addition, in view of the increasing number of divorces, women can no longer rely on reversion pension.
Part II contains a description of the measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this area also the Federal Government's action plan provides for a series of measures to improve the data situation by reorganizing police criminal statistics and carrying out a representative survey on violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children, held in Yokohama in December 2001, it became clear that there was greater awareness of the problems of sexual exploitation of children and that many measures had been taken.
This decision seeks to prevent and combat the production, processing, distribution and possession of child pornography on the Internet.
- Offenders - differentiation instead of spreading;
6.4 Judicial proceedings initiated with regard to Germans who committed sexual violence abroad
The previous regulation on the right to custody and the right to visit did not provide for the right of care for unmarried parents.
- Manual for Municipal Equality Activities in Sax, drafted by the Ministry of State for Equality of Women and Men (Surface);
- Obligation for all Land and Local Authorities, as well as for all other legal persons subject to the supervision of the State free of Sax under the Act, to work for equal participation of women and men (section 15 of the Sax Law on the Advancement of Women (SächsFG) of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of Sxis (SächsGVBI), p. 4.
Social assistance, civil engagement
Gleichberechtigungskonzet “ Konzept für die Förderung der gleichberechtigten Betiligung von Frauen und Mänern am Entwicklungsprozess”
The only solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which is increasingly serious, in recent times, is the implementation of the Quartet's road map, as was said, by the Quartet at its last meeting in New York.
The question we are considering highlights the fragility of the situation and the importance of defining a more comprehensive peace agreement for the entire Middle East region.
Article 8 Exchange of information and documents
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as in the past two years, the debate, instead of focusing on the annual theme, would focus on the High Commissioner's introductory statement.
Programme, administration and finance issues
1997 Member of the International Association of Prosecutors and others.
Such measures should enable the tracing and control of firearms owners.
Women and girls who are victims of trafficking are subjected to violence and are severely violated.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibn Chambas Executive Secretary
Moreover, as the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular staff from the scope of the study, the logic was that the staff of international organizations were also excluded.
Administrative and financial matters 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not falter and that we will have the political will to continue to move forward, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/227, entitled “Further measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic, social and related fields”.
We also join previous speakers in thanking the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields” (A/58/359).
The national malaria policy and strategy plan was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to involve local governments, civil society and the private sector in the development and implementation of road safety policies.
The Working Group may also consider the possibility of implementing the Secretary-General's proposals, contained in his report on the Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and establishing an informal ad hoc informal working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss measures for the peaceful settlement of disputes that may be implemented in the case of conflicts already brought to the attention of the Council or that will be done at short notice.
Where the Security Council will be able to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, in order to put an end to wars and to promote peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of regional peace and security, the international community can undoubtedly invest more hopes in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
This balance must be said to bear the primary responsibility of the parties themselves, even if they can resort to external intervention to help them resolve their differences.
We must, with force, reaffirm our commitment to the rule of law in relations between States and thus to the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of jurisdictional remedies.
(a) Take measures to protect students from violence, bodily harm or ill-treatment, including sexual abuse and intimidation in schools, to establish complaints mechanisms that are accessible to children, and to conduct comprehensive investigations into all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit to the Council, by 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), which would include:
In addition, the Council is considering the system of allocation of responsibilities, which has served as an inter-agency coordination mechanism following the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-Chairman, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem closely linked to other global problems that are at the core of the Organization's mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, as well as each party to an armed conflict, mark and abides, withdraw or destroy explosive remnants of war in the affected territories under its control.
Welcoming the ongoing cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development and other competition law and policy organizations, and in particular the commitment made at the Fourth WTO Ministerial Conference, in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Awais
The deployment of UNAMCI is carried out satisfactorily, with a first group of 26 liaison officers in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new communication strategy is being developed in preparation for the World Summit on the Information Society to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The intervention of the United Nations system in East Timor represented a particularly interesting and informative experience to be learned in order to confirm the positive results and avoid duplication in the future.
Work began in May 2000 and the document was distributed in November; the overall framework had been prepared and approved by UNTAET.
Albania*, Algeria, Andorra*, Angola*, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh*, Belarus*, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina*, Brazil, Bulgaria*, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Denmark*, Finland*, France, Georgia*, Germany, Greece*, Guatemala, Hungary*, Iceland*, Italy*, Japan, Liechtenstein*, Luxembourg*, Malta*, Mexico, Nicaragua*, New Zealand*, Norway*, Panama*, Spain*, Sweden, Netherlands*, Norway*, Poland, Portugal*, Spain*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Portugal*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Spain, Portugal, Portugal, Portugal, Portugal, Portugal, Portugal, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Spain*, Spain*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, South Africa*, Sweden, Poland, Poland, Norway*, Norway*, Spain*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Sweden, Poland, Poland, Portugal, Poland, Poland, Poland, Portugal, Portugal*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Norway*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Romania,
In the preamble to this instrument, States parties declare “the determination to end the suffering and loss of life caused by anti-personnel mines that kill or maim hundreds of people each week, mostly innocent and defenceless civilians, especially children, hinder economic development and reconstruction, prevent the repatriation of refugees and internally displaced persons and have other grave consequences for years after their establishment”.
Allow me to thank all delegations for having encouraged me in my efforts and consultations, and I would also like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and all members of the secretariat for their effective assistance.
In this context, the close links between man-portable air defence systems and small arms and light weapons were discussed.
We call on the coalition forces to achieve this essential objective and to intensify coordination with relevant international bodies and institutions to allow the country to return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of an international fund for Iraqi higher education with a view to providing assistance, both immediately and in the long term, for the rehabilitation of higher education in our country, Iraq.
We have taken note of the Secretary-General's appeal to re-establish our institutions by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this topic will in fact depend on the degree of objectivity and realism of the proposed measures.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has decreased, their role in national strategies in some countries has not been drastically reduced.
I am strongly convinced that for all the countries of East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and we are all of the view that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is not in the interests of any of the countries of East Asia.
Mr. PETÖCZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that that group supported that idea.
First, the analysis of Security Council resolutions, unilateral statements by the nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones shows that security assurances are generally accompanied by reservations by the nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDERS (Netherlands): Mr. President, even if this meeting is already the last that you are presiding over, I believe that this is the first time I speak since your assumption of this office.
Emphasizes the importance of developing the capacity of indigenous people, in terms of human resources and institutions, to find solutions to their problems themselves;
The Commission shall consider and approve the financial statements and audit reports submitted to it by the Committee on Budget and Finance, together with the observations it deems appropriate.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial arrangements.
It is also important to stress that the current level of aid is insufficient.
In our view, it is important at this stage that national mine action strategies be put in place to ensure an effective decision-making process on short, medium and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has founded the Lebanese National Demining Office and, with the assistance of the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, established the Mine Action Coordination Centre in southern Lebanon.
We can achieve this through a protocol that would be annexed to the Convention and would take into account the security interests of countries while helping to eliminate the old mines, which, as new ones, destroy lives and property and hinder efforts to end desertification, achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
As at June 2003, the Fund's pledges amounted to only $4.7 billion, while the estimated total expenditure was approximately $10.5 billion per year to effectively implement prevention, treatment, care and support programmes.
Country offices
Credit line - similar to those contained in the UNDP Financial Regulations, UNFPA and UNICEF
When addressing items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of children), 115 (Elimination of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will provide for dialogue between its members and special rapporteurs and representatives who report on their activities.
Today, the world has some 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
While human rights conventions were essential instruments, it was also necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Panel concurs with this decision and fixed 2 August 1990 as the date of loss for category “C” Palestinian late claims.
Considering that domestic violence against women involves human rights,
Owing to their distinct legal structures, the role of specialized agencies in technical cooperation was not addressed.
This simplicity has a price, namely an arbitrary one and the cost of details.
Why are many agencies engaged in technical cooperation?
The Committee took the lead in supporting coordination of gender issues.
(b) Its resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “An Agenda for Peace: preventive diplomacy and related matters”, its resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1993, entitled “An Agenda for Peace”, in particular section IV entitled “Special economic problems arising from the implementation of preventive or coercive measures”, and resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997, entitled “Suppl.
The building and development of democracy and the approach taken by the United Nations system on this issue must take into account the fact that there is no single recipe for achieving democracy.
In that statement, the Secretary-General affirmed the considerable importance of the culture of peace and the attention that should be devoted to it by this universal Organization, not just one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the celebration of the International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World, 2001-2010, is more than an altruistic aspiration of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the objectives set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, as well as in the outcome document of the World Food Summit: five years later, in which the commitment to eradicate hunger is renewed,
Stressing the need to make the industrial transformation of commodity production in developing countries, in particular African countries and the least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and to stabilize and increase their export earnings, thereby contributing to sustainable economic growth and their integration into the world economy,
Accordingly, I appointed Mr. Parker as Permanent Judge to the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia as of 4 December 2003 for the remainder of Mr. David Hunt's term of office until 16 November 2005.
This programme of action remains a benchmark for the evolution of the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations wishes to point out that, in the view of the Government of Colombia, operative paragraph 2 of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider the principles that could serve as a framework for regional agreements on conventional arms control, may allow the Conference to resume part of its activities and to break the impasse in which it has been in three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on Territorial Asylum of the Organization of American States, OAS Convention on Diplomatic Alcohol, United Nations Declaration on Territorial Asylum.
Its impact goes far beyond borders and is why international cooperation is absolutely essential.
It is up to the Third Committee, which is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that the programme is well understood and translated into reality.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to enter into commitments for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003 in an amount not exceeding 12 million dollars to be financed from the cumulative balance in the Special Account for the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission;
The Special Rapporteur intends to submit a final report in 2004 to consider these two issues in order to complete the first reading during the same session.
The Equal Opportunities Commission and the Equal Opportunities Fund have been established with a view to establishing cooperation with the private sector on all issues relating to women's employment.
The use of these targeted summaries would be flexible, optional and available data.
For its consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note by the secretariat on information exchange: establishing an electronic clearing house (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
To that end, future workshops could also consider an exchange between small groups of participants from industrialized countries, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
He also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission supported, in particular the INFAP network, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on national profiles.
Provisional agenda items for regular meetings
Quorum in open-ended subsidiary bodies
The communication may include suggestions on the solutions that this Party deems most appropriate in the present case;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims corrections
Norway calls on all countries to agree on a modus operandi to address and protect the victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and to strengthen their national efforts alongside international efforts.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on item 115 (a) and (b) said that while, in the context of principles, her country believed, as the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression (A/CONF.189/PC.2/24), the Internet was a unique tool to promote human rights, it was to recognize that, in practice, the Internet did not explain the positive implications of the debate.
The best way to reach consensus on guiding principles is to hold consultations with Governments.
Mr. Paul Krugman, School of Public and International Affairs (University of Printington); Mr. Jagdish Bhagwati, Professor of Economics and Assistant Professor of the Chaire Arthur Lehman (Colombia); Mr. Manuel Orozco, Director of Project of Central America for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Ouedraogo, Ligue deserts briefings.
Information on workshops and training courses on combating crime related to international terrorism
Furthermore, it is unclear how the macroeconomic and structural reforms required in the process of poverty reduction strategies affect poverty and social conditions.
Therefore, further solutions are still being explored to rapidly increase international liquidity when necessary, through various means, including the temporary allocation of special drawing rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, His Majesty no longer chairs the Council of Ministers and the President of the Council, who is working annually, is now the Head of Government and, in fact, the Prime Minister.
The Government agencies of Bhutan have an obligation to recognize that women are a significant part of the population to which they target and must therefore design, implement and continue to administer services tailored to the specific needs of women and men.
This is mainly attributable to the development of primary education and the greater success of school institutions in retaining their pupils.
Multi-sectoral task forces have been tasked with national responses to the increasing threat of HIV/AIDS.
Many men welcome the greater number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another limited study on women's participation in financial decision-making, 27 per cent of women interviewed stated that they did not participate only in financial lending decisions, while 14 per cent took joint decisions with their husbands.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has taken initiatives to improve the capacity of public sector staff in many countries, providing advice, upon request, on public service reform.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established Iraq's liability for losses relating to the invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
The Panel also finds this rate applicable to claims for loss of funds, which are similar aspects.
See also the Committee's decisions contained in paragraph 79 of E2(7) report, paragraph 71 of E2(11 report), and paragraph 89 of E2(13).
E2(3) report, paragraphs 97-99.
Report of the United Kingdom on the achievement of the goals and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East
Pursuant to article 8, paragraph 1, of the Extradition Act, persons who have committed terrorist acts, even if such acts are regarded as political crimes, may be extradited.
What are our goals?
The Secretary-General's report reminds us that the situation in Iraq faces challenges that are real challenges and that call upon us all here and now call on the international community to call on the coalition.
The establishment of a strong civil society will be essential for the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like, on behalf of my Government, to reiterate its deep appreciation to the Council's mission and to the Council for its willingness to find answers to complex questions confronting our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other United Nations coordination mechanisms.
Support to associations and organizations working to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The 10-month programme, including 5 months of formal education in Madrid and 4 months of practical education in organizations of developing countries, is also planned for an evaluation phase in Madrid.
These groups are young people aged 16 to 30 years, women employed in occupations deemed to be male, more than 45 years, unemployed persons for six months or more and workers who, at the time of the conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same company under an indefinite or fixed-term contract prior to 31 December 2003, including training contracts.
It is at the age level of 25-29 that women's daily tobacco use is the highest.
However, this improvement is less pronounced among women (37,5% of long-term unemployed) than men (55.36%).
Members of Permanent Missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress achieved through the creation and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic fact remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, in the most cynical and cruel way throughout the world.
This meeting is the first open meeting of the Security Council in 2003, which I am convinced that the Council will be ready to meet.
We will resolutely join all efforts to ensure compliance with international agreements in this area.
These areas are often non-law areas.
Activities to implement the request
- More than 150,000 houses or apartments (total of 23,570,000 square kilometres) have been looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the Organization's accounts were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The computerized Model for feasibility analysis and assessment (COMFAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programme framework and the strategic direction of the Organization on South-South cooperation, as well as the thematic initiatives that the Organization has taken on, inter alia, trade facilitation, rural energy for productive purposes and the rehabilitation and reconstruction of the crisis industry,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that rapid socio-economic developments, cultural, individual and social factors, as well as the supply of illicit drugs, have aggravated the problem of the use of psychoactive substances at the global level,
In the light of the ambiguity in the title of the topic, the Commission decided to continue to take as a working assumption that the topic concerned “activities” and to defer formal changes to the title.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the heading “United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace Resource requirements (before recosting): $3000,500 with resource requirements (before recosting): $364,200
The Commission asked the Government to indicate whether it planned to amend the relevant provisions of the above-mentioned laws to include the principle referred to in the Convention.
These decisions were taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, including participants in the weekly meetings on economic issues and senior officials of Iraqi public institutions, and the initial budget proposals were prepared by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are indeed significant benefits for the service of the Iraqi people.
The percentage of Afghan women employed by UNHCR increased from virtually zero at the beginning of 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme and 36 per cent of all national protection staff.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of Ministers of Defence and Security in September should complete the constitution of the Government of National Reconciliation and thus remove an important obstacle in the peace process.
Nevertheless, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution stipulates that the President of the Republic may delegate some of his powers to the members of the Government.
Beyond what we divide, we have a collective responsibility to regain the unity of the international community.
We have begun consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the current oil-for-food programme, which provides for the continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicines in Iraq.
The programme of work continues to be studied by my authorities, and we reserve the right to give our opinion on the programme as soon as that analysis is completed.
If a Party considered that it needed assistance to stop methyl bromide consumption to stabilize emissions, it could remind the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming that it operates by consensus,
(i) 680 ODP-tonnes in 2004;
All unloading operations should take place on locations to that effect, exclusively reserved for authorized staff.
The funding mechanism has been established in accordance with Article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to provide financial and technical cooperation to Parties operating under Article 5, paragraph 1, to enable them to comply with the control measures provided for in Articles 2A to 2E and Article 2I or any other control measures contained in Articles 2F to 2H pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 1 bis of the Protocol.
Law enforcement officials had also participated in training programmes abroad.
Some States also reported on telephone, telex and postal services.
(3) The party seeking to enforce an interim measure of protection shall promptly notify the court of any annulment, suspension or modification of that measure.
Suggestions to improve the wording of the text in square brackets have been made, including the possibility of suspending enforcement proceedings until the parties have had the opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties have been duly notified.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be given a more visible and important role in supporting the management of international affairs and in implementing the economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of appropriate information, communication and transport technologies should also be supported by technical cooperation and investment required to build the capacity of local service providers, or to build such capacities, may require donor support or funding by international financial institutions.
A similar consequence is provided in the United Kingdom, where the consumer is entitled to annul the contract, unless a competent court for dealing with disputes relating to the contract in question decides otherwise at the request of the service provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme reached the end of 2002.
Procedure
It is clear that the calculations were made on the basis of an exchange rate of €0.89 per United States dollar.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, where necessary, at subsequent sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward reported on the results of those consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Harvard Law School (Hour 2003): Visiting Professor Robert F. Kennedy to provide in association with Philip Heyman a course entitled “Bring Power to justice” analysing the different functions of prosecutors in common law and civil law countries and examining the various national and international approaches used to try State actors who have committed violations of the law; and also organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption: the rule of law”.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as an entity responsible for the functioning of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its Climate Change Centre and the Special Climate Change Fund for the implementation of the activities referred to in the context of meaningful and effective actions to strengthen the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention,
Welcoming the initial progress made in the implementation of the framework for meaningful and effective actions to strengthen the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, contained in the annex to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial results, 2002-2003
He also noted with appreciation the financial and other assistance provided to the Programme by the Government of Austria, Styria authorities and the City of Graz, Austria, the Department of Physical Geography of the Stockholm University, Metria, the Swedish National Office of Topography and the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, it is considered that many people infected with this virus do not know.
The project focused on the PANK Steering Committee, as well as secondary and secondary school students.
Recommends that consideration be given to the holding of a joint informal debate that could enrich the work of each Committee; better use could be made of the debate of the General Assembly in plenary meeting on the issues considered by the two Committees;
This important work has been possible through, inter alia, the Committee's skill and perseverance through its subcommittees and experts.
In the event of dissolution of marriage after the consumption of the marriage, the wife shall, in addition to maintenance during the period of the period of vitiatedity, be entitled to compensation whose amount shall not exceed one year of maintenance, depending on the means of the ex-husbands, and which shall be paid on a monthly basis from the end of the vitiated period, unless otherwise agreed between the two parties with respect to the amount and payment arrangements.
The following table illustrates the evolution of the education budget in the 1993/94 to 1997/98 school years:
The day-care centres are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which regularly conducts inspections to verify compliance with applicable regulations.
The State of Kuwait wishes to recall in this regard that its constitution, in many of its provisions, makes equality one of the pillars of Kuwaiti society, first in the preamble and then in article 7, and then in article 29, which covers various aspects of this principle by connecting it with dignity, rights and duties.
Effective management will also improve recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
National Coordinator of the World March against Child Labour, 1998
Social Justice Training Adviser, Department of Demographic Studies, Tribhuvan University, 1999
Each State Party shall transmit to the Conference of the States Parties, as required by the Conference of the States Parties, information on its programmes, plans and practices as well as on its legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
If the status quo refuses any prospect, freedom as well as the development of those who are hungry and who live in despair, the temptation of anarchy and extremism as a means of making change becomes much more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to designate the Ambassador of Bulgaria, Mr. Tzchev, as President of the 2003 Annual Conference of the States Parties and representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland, as Vice-Chairmen.
Declarations and reservations
Rapporteur: Isshtiq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and that they should strengthen universal human rights standards, as contained in international human rights instruments, and contribute to their protection,
(c) Should a special debate be decided, its theme should be relevant to human rights and should take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This state of affairs should not be repeated.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and regular compilation of recommendations made over the years by the various mechanisms on thematic issues.
Contribution submitted under both resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They address the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (d) (i), (ii) and (iii), on the development of short, medium and long-term proposals to eliminate racial discrimination against people of African descent, including proposals for a mechanism to monitor and promote all human rights, taking into account the need to work closely with international development institutions and the United Nations system.
As for the Harare centre in Iran, it was a technology centre for human resources development for land and development on these rice-producing lands.
Lastly, she asked the State party to conduct a national health survey and to consider the findings in the next periodic report.
Therefore, the duty to protect it was also incumbent on the whole world.
- Recording of the two sites by appropriate means (disabilities or graves);
Some observers predicted a possible increase in the demand because the United States now controlled the oil wells in Iraq.
New directions for economic cooperation in the Arab countries are essential in providing the private sector with an increasing role in development and economic choices.
The Foundation was able to obtain about €3.5 million, which began work on the site.
At present, four resident coordinators are staff members of UNICEF ( Half are women), including one woman in the field.
If these conditions are met, the goals and targets approved at the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
In addition, the financial implications for the establishment of an additional office in Brussels have not been taken into account by ITC.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has moved closer to the Organization's gender targets in 1990.
(a) The nine regional offices should be progressively strengthened through the transfer of technical posts from Headquarters.
At the same time, SCO member States consistently and invariably leave the principle that combating terrorism must be based on the norms and principles of international law and cannot be equated with any religion, certain countries or nationalities.
ACTIVITIES OF INSPECT (continued) (IDB.27/19 and Add.1 and 2; IDB.27/CRP.3)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Request for consultative status by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
Pursuant to annex I to General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the proposed themes for the high-level segment and the coordination segment of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit to you the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The people of Afghanistan have resolved to extend their mandate.
The draft resolutions under these agenda items reflect that commitment and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) Use, in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee established by resolution 661 (1990), prior to the expiration of the period specified in paragraph 10 below and taking into account the recommendations of the Office of the Iraq Programme, the funds deposited in the accounts established pursuant to paragraphs 8 (a) and (b) of resolution 986 (1995), as appropriate, to pay the agreed amounts to be paid to vendors and carriers to meet the additional costs of dispatch, as appropriate;
10-11 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
Since the requirements for the work of the Working Group were included in the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would have no impact on the Working Group.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate substantive discussions at the Commission's session, the secretariat prepared a thematic note entitled “Action capacity for enhancing the competitiveness of SMEs” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Chairmen of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and the Chairmen of the Committees, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right to vote provided they are representatives of participating States;
In general, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees or working groups are closed.
“The Security Council expressed its concern at the ongoing regional instability factors and requested the Secretary-General to make recommendations to the Council as soon as possible on ways to combat these subregional and cross-border problems, focusing particularly on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also deplored the lack of political contacts between the parties and asked them to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government advises the Government on all draft laws.
It was to be hoped that a report could be submitted to the Commission at a future session, especially since the World Summit for Children document of 1991 and the outcome document of the United Nations General Assembly Special Session on Children, held in 2002, had specifically mentioned the situation of children living under foreign occupation.
Pursuant to the second Millennium Development Goal, in 1996, the Government introduced free and compulsory basic education for all, which significantly improved school attendance.
In order to avoid such incidents, it is imperative for States parties to be present at the time of the meeting.
“The Security Council stresses the readiness of the United Nations to promote political dialogue, if requested, and to provide resolute support to meet the humanitarian and development challenges caused by border demarcation.
It may acquire or dispose of real estate or movable property in accordance with these Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting has three days from 16 to 18 July 2003 to complete its work.
According to these substantiated reports, the situation in the valley remained calm, without serious incident, throughout the reporting period.
Observations
Quadrennial reports 1997-2000 submitted through the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report submitted pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know what indicators are best suited, which necessarily involve different aspects of the right to health, and then in the ongoing work of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that prolonged solitary confinement of a detained or imprisoned person may be assimilated to acts prohibited by article 7.
Article 10, paragraph 1, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any person deprived of his or her liberty under the laws and authority of the State and who is detained in a prison, a hospital - a psychiatric hospital in particular - a detention camp, a rehabilitation centre or other place.
In this regard, it is necessary to determine whether a unilateral statement is a reservation or an interpretative declaration and its admissibility and effects.
Thirty-eighth session (1990)*
(l) To continue to cooperate with the Committee in promoting the effective implementation of the Convention;
(h) Educate the general public on the importance of action programmes focusing on the situation of victims of descent-based discrimination;
There are traditional and cultural practices in some States that harm the health of women and children.
States parties should also report on measures adopted to ensure rapid access to family planning services, in particular sexual and reproductive health services in general.
For example, the article emphasizes the importance of respect for parents, the need to treat rights in their general ethical, moral, spiritual, cultural or social framework and the fact that most children's rights, far from being externally imposed, are rooted in the values of local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, which updates recent meetings, activities and outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration adopted by the heads of State and Government at the Millennium Summit, in which they committed themselves to eradicate extreme poverty, in particular to halve, by 2015, the proportion of the world's people whose income is less than one dollar a day and the proportion of people living with hunger,
In 2001, the Government had limited the working hours of foreign workers to six years to ensure that more Bermudians were recruited and trained for better jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom has continued to advocate that legislators adopt European human rights standards, particularly with regard to sexual discrimination.
Pursuant to paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations to discuss all organizational matters before the Congress is opened.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Council of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without vote, in the deliberations of those bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, the Assembly decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “Synergies and responses: strategic alliances in crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat computer-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, he invited the Governments of Latin America and the Caribbean and other interested Governments to participate in the regional meeting of heads of national drug law enforcement agencies, with a view to establishing the meeting of heads of national drug trafficking authorities, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and provide financial resources for the regional meeting,
(a) Partnerships are voluntary initiatives taken by Governments and various stakeholders: major groups and institutions;
25 July 2003
Other matters.
In introducing the item, the representative of the secretariat drew attention to the documentation prepared in that regard (see annex VII) and indicated the steps that the Committee might take on.
Decides to submit the following:
An alternate representative or adviser may act as representative on the appointment of the head of delegation.
Subject to the provisions of rules 28 to 32 and the changes decided upon by the Conference of the Parties, these rules shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The Chairperson or Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may be given precedence in explaining the conclusions of that subsidiary body.
He noted that his organization had supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities related to persistent organic pollutant derivatives, including the identification and quantification of dioxin and furan releases in Thailand, the organization of the Expert Group meeting on best available techniques and best environmental practices and workshops on good industry management, which had resulted in the exchange of best practices on pollutant management in Brazil and in products.
To that end, the Monterrey document repeated dozens of times the importance of the principle of cooperation.
Only a few countries monitored the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective border controls, using reliable estimation methods.
The report noted that comparative studies made the problem more complex.
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org).
A preparatory mission composed of IAEA staff and the Commission, including the Director-General of the IAEA and the Executive Chairman of the Commission, visited Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet with Iraqi counterparts led by Mr. Amer H. Al-Saadi, adviser to the Chairman, to discuss further logistical arrangements and relocate the inspection office in Baghdad.
The Agenda 21 website for sport and the environment is www.unep/org/cpi/sport_env (all types of sport).
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi show opportunities to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, long-term reconstruction and development.
The failure of Cancún was a result of what happened in Doha, where major trading countries refused to grant promised concessions on development issues.
Switzerland attaches utmost priority to the preservation of humanitarian space in all circumstances and without derogation.
“The strict internal and external closures, increased curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have led to further deterioration of economic indicators and increased poverty and unemployment among Palestinians.
It should be recalled here that the responsibility of the parties to the Convention to respect its provisions in all situations is individual and collective.
(d) With the prior concurrence of the Advisory Committee, such sums as may be necessary to cover the advance payment of insurance premiums if the insurance period extends beyond the biennium to which payment is made, on the understanding that the Secretary-General will request the Secretary-General in the proposed budget for each biennium the amount of such payments for the duration of the policies, to cover the amounts owed for the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments do not suffice to prevent violations, but also require strict measures to address the social and human problems that encourage them, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement and social inequality between the peoples of developing countries and the peoples of the advanced countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, to be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti; Financing the United Nations Mission in Haiti; and financing the United Nations Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo;
Obviously, it remains vital that all of us continue to participate in the coming years.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of control is becoming increasingly important at both the regional and international levels, and effective verification becomes necessary to ensure international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpiles of mines by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to ratifying the Treaty, have already expressed individually and in addition to one occasion, their opposition to nuclear weapons.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on these principles.
Of this amount of $270 million, $250,000 is provided for the request of ICAO.
Possible modalities for reimbursement of expenses
Chief of Liaison and Protocol Liaison Officer A and Liaison Officer B
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and Council resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is unclear whether the origin of the funds is lawful or illegal, only account for the collection and purpose.
The Bradley report indicated that any action taken to meet the needs of any of the options would take at least one year.
Original: ENGLISH
“Terrorism - to cause an explosion or a fire or to commit any other act that endangers death, harm their health, cause considerable damage to property or other harmful consequences for society, with a view to undermining public order, creating panic among the population or influencing the adoption of decisions by public authorities or international organizations, or threatening to commit such acts”.
Women remain mainly in low-paid and low-level positions.
Draft decision II Suspension of consultative status
We therefore encourage those States that have not yet done so to deposit their statements with the Secretary-General to devote the universality of the Court.
Their unfamiliar participation, coupled with their strong commitment and diplomatic skill, largely explains the success of the work of the Special Committee.
Now, as is the case for all treaties, the end of negotiations marks the real beginning of the commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 94.
Washington, 11 April 1949
The draft resolution, entitled “ Almaty Programme of Action: partnerships designed to meet the special needs of landlocked developing countries and to establish a new global framework for transit transport cooperation between landlocked and transit developing countries”, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I have the pleasure now to introduce the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
It welcomes the decision of the European Union to establish a peace support facility to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the implementation of African Union peace and peace initiatives.
The right to know the truth about past events is essential to prevent the same violations from recurring.
My Government has committed itself to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be much more representative to reflect demographic and geopolitical realities and gain credibility.
Outreach services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee on 28 April 2003
We have succeeded in understanding that success or failure in any area, if important, cannot mean the United Nations salut or loss.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to address the questions raised, such as the presentation by all United Nations information centres of an annual plan specifying the activities it provides for around a strategically selected message.
In order to plan and make further adjustments without overexpenditure, we have had to review some of our priorities and we propose to reallocate the resources accordingly for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had a comparative advantage in some aspects of the negotiations and should contribute to their preparation through its analytical work, consensus building and technical cooperation.
These products had low national value-added content.
Commodity-dependent LDCs were faced with a particularly difficult challenge, since their export prices had decreased significantly in real terms.
Development assistance strategies had been redefined to support poverty reduction and many donors included trade and investment-related technical assistance.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and the EU acceding countries (Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia, as well as Cyprus, Malta and Turkey), said that coherence was important and that participation in the sessions of the Council of Representatives of other institutions and bodies was positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) has helped the Study Group to build partnerships and expand them.
In order to strengthen its outreach and to facilitate contacts with national decision makers, the Special Unit has established a web-based database, which includes the coordination of ICT policymakers and officials in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General, within available resources, to provide the necessary financial and administrative resources for the effective functioning of the inter-agency secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate and requests it to continue:
E. Documentation
Election of a representative Government to succeed the Afghan Transitional Authority following free and fair elections in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a guide for Senegalese women is published periodically, which deals with issues such as civil registration, marriage, food obligation, inheritance, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land and credit, and labour rights.
I now call on the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo-Addo.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Considerations as to whether the United Nations functions as supervisory authority under the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the forces of ECOWAS and the French forces, in carrying out their mandates in accordance with resolution 1464 (2003), to continue to work in close consultation with the Special Representative and the Follow-up Committee and to continue to report regularly on all aspects of the implementation of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council, under the symbol S/2003/500.
Lusaka for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to help Africans build their capacity in peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted late to conference services without the explanation required by the General Assembly in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in the case of late submission of a report to conference services.
The International Business Companies Act of 2000, provides for the elimination of actions payable to the holder and, where such actions have already been issued, their reminder and their replacement.
These services include the direction or execution of financial services to the Bahamas or from the Bahamas, including online financial services, the registration of directors or directors of international commercial companies, the provision of services to international commercial companies of licensed agents and offices, the provision of managerial and managerial services to international commercial companies, the provision of shareholder services to international commercial companies, the provision of services to partners for registered companies and companies.
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements allow for the inclusion of individuals on a national exclusion list.
Participation in the workshop was beneficial.
For example, the Section provided guidance on the rules to be followed in the case of nationally executed projects, based on UNDP experience in this area.
In 17 offices, the control of presences and absences was not conducted in the rules.
This feedback also raised awareness of the importance of planning regular project audits.
In this regard, Governments were encouraged to request their implementing agencies to use the same reporting format in order to simplify and facilitate reporting on activities within the prescribed time frame.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
Staffing could be further reduced in the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991 from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/23306, S/23307, S/23308, S/23309 and S/2317)
The information that organizations should obtain and attempt to verify would include: verified accounting results for the previous five years; past and present judicial difficulties; identification of other key clients.
Also affirms that the Organization is firmly committed to treat, on as wide a geographical basis as possible, all bidders, including procurement or outsourcing;
Mr. Negroponte (United States of America): First of all, I thank Assistant Secretary-General Türk for his timely briefing on the progress of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Since 1998, Montserrat had been in a phase of recovery and reconstruction, it had been difficult to cope with an increasing emergency while facilitating the development process.
These funds provided funding for environmental, training and health projects, as well as legal and legislative programmes.
With regard to the currency of payment, there was a need to inform the shippingers of the benefits of the formal system in relation to other channels of security and speed of transfers.
• To ensure the fair and expeditious trial of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of administrative relations, the Federation had encountered many difficulties because of the lack of clear lines of human rights and people with the necessary knowledge and skills to approve projects.
With regard to the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, increased involvement of the specialized and technical institutions of the United Nations system in the functioning of that system is considered by Member States as a positive step.
Owing to the armed conflicts and civil unrest in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania has remained one of the African countries that host most refugees in its territory in recent years.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary steps to ensure the translation, in the Somali language, of the present resolution, including an appropriate explanatory note, as well as wide dissemination of this text in the country, through the Human Rights Officer for Somalia in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for risk groups, especially drug injecting drug users, to reduce the risk of transmission of infectious diseases such as human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda for the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting is contained in annex I.
Discussion
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States continued to receive documents in an appropriate form.
The addition of the phrase “Supporting efforts to promote new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was questioned, as the Second Committee had not yet reached consensus on the matter.
Some members suggested that the publication should be sold rather than distributed free of charge.
The Council's consultations with the member countries of the New Partnership and ECA had been well received.
A/58/6 (Sect.
Investigations into the cause of damage may also be long, particularly in countries where the maritime security authorities and/or the courts themselves investigate demurrage and take time to publish their findings.
As part of the draft amendment to Act No. 1015 entitled Que previvale y rense los acos heícos fateados a lagitimación deinero ores (Law on the Prevention and Punishment of Unlawful Acts against the legitimization of capital or assets), it is envisaged to widen the scope of application of the Act, even if article 11 (n) of the current text refers to “other natural or legal activities”.
It is important for the Commission not to disperse its attention.
It should also reaffirm its conviction of the importance of the participation of civil society as a strategic partner in the work of United Nations bodies.
To improve the conditions in which women perform their professional and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 265 of the Labour Code, mothers raising three or more children under 16 years of age, or two children and more for women living alone, receive additional leave per week, paid on average daily wages.
The link between reproductive rights and family law is clear: maternity and paternity are the direct consequence of the exercise of the reproductive rights of citizens.
The adoption of new marriage and family codes, and work was the most significant step in improving legislation.
UNIDO's investment and technology promotion activities focus on promoting partnerships and substantive linkages (such as technology transfer, subcontracting, joint marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign firms and national firms.
In this regard, the clean production programme has already begun to work with UNIDO's services to increase energy efficiency, to train PNP and PNPP personnel and to identify, develop and implement technical cooperation projects for funding the Kyoto Protocol and GEF.
However, it is ready to provide the Commission with any additional information that it may wish.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It examines the results achieved in the areas of development and organization, focusing in particular on the linkages between assessments, knowledge acquisition, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC planned to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development in the near future.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,696,600
Demands that the Liberian parties cease hostilities throughout Liberia and comply with their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the Ceasefire Agreement, including cooperation in the formation of the Joint Monitoring Commission established by the Ceasefire Agreement;
Invites donor countries and recipient countries to consider including, in their bilateral training programmes and projects for armed forces, security forces, prison staff, police and medical personnel, issues relating to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture, without neglecting their gender dimensions;
The Study Group conducted an initial exchange of views based mainly on the report of the Study Group of 2002 (A/57/10, paras. 489-513), and on the thematic summary prepared by the Secretariat of the debate held by the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
Major resources of the programme
• Ensuring comprehensive management of the decision-making processes and the activities of the Office of the Prosecutor, as required by the relevant provisions of the Court's legal infrastructure and the Rules of the Prosecutor's Office
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit highly qualified persons so as to have diversified staff and adjusted staff by offering career opportunities and training opportunities, ensuring effective management of their benefits and entitlements and by establishing a system that ensures that all staff members are physically, psychologically and emotionally able to perform their duties.
• All special equipment and items shall be received and inspected before their admission to the Court
• Development of new modules for the Intranet
Substantive organization at The Hague and in the field
Three interpreters per language for French, English, Spanish and Russian, and four by Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider adopting appropriate legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of this Convention and in accordance with the fundamental principles of its domestic law, to increase transparency in the financing of candidatures for elective public office and, where appropriate, the financing of political parties.
(a) Public dissemination of information on procurement procedures and procurement, including information on relevant tendering and procurement information, with sufficient time to allow prospective bidders to prepare and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the absence of dual criminality to refuse to provide assistance under this article.
(c) Satisfaction of the special needs of Africa: consolidation of democracy, sustainable peace, eradicating poverty and sustainable development.
Burkina Faso, a very poor developing country, more than others in the same category, is presented in the box below; it is clear how the country works, with the help of the United Nations system, to engage in various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “Everything but weapons”, the Group of 77 looked forward to exploring with its development partners how to encourage such policies to contribute directly to improving the living conditions in the countries of Africa, to which the international community should provide full support if it wished to achieve the goal of reducing poverty in the Millennium Declaration by half.
Three key aspects of the information and communication technology strategy:
For the time being, we must take the necessary steps to prevent the situation from further deterioration and to ensure that our President does not suffer any harm.
(e) To ensure the continued and enhanced cooperation and political and operational support of the Tribunal by external partners, such as Governments and non-State entities;
In addition, it is necessary to provide the time required for oral arguments (e.g., they usually lasted from two to five days, depending on the number of accused).
The practice of simultaneous trials is to try two cases for consecutive periods, for example: trial A five weeks, trial B five weeks, trial A five weeks, etc. Counsel for defence in case A leave Arusha while trial B takes place.
Members of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) welcome the study, which they believe is a useful and useful framework for revising, re-evaluating or adjusting existing policies in support of extrabudgetary activities of the United Nations system.
Pursuant to that resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur has submitted 10 core reports to the Commission on Human Rights and eight interim reports to the General Assembly, to which 18 addenda are submitted to the Commission or to the Assembly.
He would also like to reiterate the need for respect for the freedom of the press, to draw the attention of the Egyptian authorities to the need to combat any advocacy of religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and which should therefore be prohibited by law.
Pursuant to Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized an expert seminar to discuss the interdependence of democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group B
At the same time, in the past 10 years, European institutions, initiatives and legislation are extended to include, considering that the protection of minority rights is an integral part of any democratic development.
As Guyana believes in this collective system for peace and security, it is to ensure that the new reform Council can reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is of paramount importance.
Therefore, we must build global institutions and create effective partnerships within the framework of fair and open trade, and support for the development of the least developed countries should also be strengthened.
A regional strategy has also been developed to facilitate HIV/AIDS interventions.
Mr. Pavanjeet Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where the States concerned agree, the adoption of a cross-border perspective for the sustainable development of mountain ranges and the exchange of information thereon;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to redouble its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration with a view to implementing more effectively chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) Monitor closely the functioning of the global project to support the preparation of national communications, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and continue to ensure that the implementation of the project is consistent with the guidance of the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications under the programme of work has been reconsidered.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As requested by the Statistical Commission at its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) To coordinate the activities of the London Group, including the organization of meetings and the preparation of the records of its work;
Thirdly, the work of the Department of Public Information should be intensified.
By increasing the volume of information in the Russian language on the United Nations website, the number of visitors from the Russian language was increased.
At the 4th meeting, the Chairman also invited representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, having considered a proposal by the Chair, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, relating to paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of item 10, for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session.
Notes
Fulfilling and salt are among the most important chemical elements and metal deposits (cour, zinc and lead) are very abundant.
From 1990 to 2002, Poland reformed its public service.
(h) Cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen cannot lose his citizenship unless he renounced it.
According to article 41, paragraph 1, deprivation of liberty or restriction of liberty shall be permissible only in accordance with the principles and modalities of law.
The question of the Uazzani and Hasbani rivers continues to be a source of tension and possible escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
While these posts are frozen, they will continue to be included in the approved staffing table (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities requiring additional funds is provided in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments had to be made owing to changes in the exchange rate between the United States dollar, the currency in which the United Nations accounts were recorded, and the euro, the host country currency.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget as shown in table xx below;
Takes note of the Peace Fund: peaceful settlement of territorial disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as the main mechanism, taking into account its wider regional scope, for the prevention and resolution of territorial and land- and maritime disputes, also takes note of the Caribbean Trust Fund established by the Conference on Maritime Delimitation in the Caribbean, held in Mexico City from 6 to 8 May 2002, which is aimed at facilitating the voluntary participation of States, mainly through the Caribbean States, intergovernmental negotiations in order to facilitate the Caribbean States in order to facilitate the Caribbean States;
Also takes note of the Pacific Islands regional ocean policy approved at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest the increasing financial resources from bilateral donors and noted the initiative of United Nations agencies to improve coherence in their technical cooperation activities.
Some children as both Government and rebel forces have abducted or persuaded to join their ranks have been killed on the front lines.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Aware of the responsibility of the international community to promote human rights and to enforce international law,
Mr. Pecsteen de Buytswer therefore supported the proposal to postpone consideration of the item for two years, on the understanding that the motion did not imply a stand in favour or against both draft resolutions; it was simply to recognize the need to base the convention on consensus.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Educating officials and public opinion on the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to help revitalize economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property mentioned in note 11 to the financial statements was owned by the organization as at 31 December 2002 without any charge.
In a memorandum of 5 February 2003, OIOS found that the “special clause” remained invalid, as it was included in the contract at the time of recruitment, without prior use by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide all necessary assistance to special rapporteurs and the joint mission to enable them to discharge their mandates fully;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in political discourse since the 1980s, indigenous peoples criticized the Bank for lack of commitment to the implementation and respect of indigenous peoples' policies, which were thus often interpreted as being powered.
CFTF Secretariat 35-37 Sackville St.
Nearly all countries have a chemical sector, but almost 80 per cent of world output is the result of 16 countries, of which the overwhelming majority are members of OECD.
Resolution
In that regard, it was reported that the Security Council, in its resolution 1373 (2001), clearly stated that claims of political motivation should not be considered as grounds for refusing requests for the extradition of alleged terrorists.
The documents of the technical meetings and seminars held at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) To provide comments on the future direction of the Partnership and its programme for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to transmit the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the Conference of the Parties for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of this post;
The increase in non-post resources (8,100,800 Swiss francs, or 5.6 per cent) relates mainly to the increase under grants and contributions (840 900 Swiss francs) to cover the cost of services rendered to ITC by the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Central Support Services of the United Nations Office at Geneva, as requested by the General Assembly in paragraph 9 above;
These are “multi-purpose” services for which definition and recognition considerations are as important as most environmental goods.
In design, they respond to specific intent and are intended for environmental purposes: for example, a refresher station remains a refresher station, even if the technologies used by it are profoundly modified.
For intellectual property rights, article 66 (2) and article 67 of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS), developed WTO members providing incentives for technology transfer could be applied.
Several recommendations presented at the meeting concerned actions that could be undertaken at the national level:
The increased requirements and the resulting overexpenditure under this heading are attributable to the revision of approved post adjustment rates as of 1 November 2002, the new salary scales for staff in the Professional and higher categories and for staff in the Field Service category (two categories of staff in the 100 and 300 series of the Staff Rules) effective 1 January 2003, the approval of an increase in the number of staff in the Professional category and the Field Service category.
(a) A new subparagraph was inserted after the fifth preambular paragraph:
Description of methodologies used to identify key sources of Reference to the tables of key sources of the CRF Information on the level of detail 7.A1-7A3 of the IPCC good practice guidance1
Annex I Parties should complete all cells for emission estimates or removals, activity data and emission factors.
Italy is one of the most severely affected countries by population ageing.
Thus, the topic concerned primary obligations of the State and implied recognition of the existence and conciliation of “legitimate interests and multiple factors”.
It also deserves not to interfere with judicial action on other grounds.
Another cause of action in common law is the rule of public mandate, which is more effective in the United States.
Introduction
We fully support efforts to rationalize the work of the General Assembly and are prepared to assist other delegations, as well as ours, in assuming the heavy burden of seemingly perpetuous meetings.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the early 1990s, in which significant steps are being taken to revitalize the General Assembly and the draft resolution we have just adopted.
The procedures differ because needs are not everywhere.
These warnings were accompanied by pressure, aimed at forcing us to accept amendments or amendments that would limit or impair the rights of indigenous peoples recognized in international law.
Emphasizes the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, which request to be part of the World Trade Organization, bearing in mind paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/182 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who performed their functions throughout a nine-year term, the annual pension is:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims that they could cross four “E4” claims claim new or larger losses, in the light of the claims filed by the “E4” claimant.
UNSEQ number: E-2449
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several representatives of Governments stated that in attracting direct investment, these institutions need to increase their support for the development of the necessary infrastructure, particularly in the ICT sector.
The globalization of development also requires the elimination of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and increased resources, as well as increased participation in international decision-making.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary border crossing point was opened between Restelica in Kosovo and Strezimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for local residents.
The free movement of minorities has also been hampered by the decision of the authorities of the Government of Serbia not to sign an agreement on the use of Kosovo registration plates and their appeals to deter Kosovo Serbs from crossing by UNMIK for registration of their vehicle.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their resolute support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, which is an important first step towards creating a legal norm in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to connect to global and regional follow-up sites at United Nations conferences and summits, to be launched at the fourth United Nations Regional Technical Coordination Meeting in June 2003.
Oil prices already included a “war bonus” of about $5 per barrel in recent months of 2002 and exceeded $31 per barrel in January 2003.
They should first make an initial structural adjustment by joining UEMOA in order to bridge the baseline levels defined for fiscal deficits; they are therefore likely to apply an excessive fiscal discipline policy in this period, which would clearly have adverse effects on economic growth.
A. Ahearn et al., op.
Under article 5 of the Law on Internal Self-Government, the power to lead foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Government of Denmark and no part of that prerogative may be transferred to the Faroe Islands self-government.
For example, significant financial support is provided for the costs of exploiting ethnic minority groups, intercultural activities and information materials, as well as various types of local integration projects.
The Community Social Charter of 1989 provides for the right to use collective action in the case of conflict of interest, in particular the right to strike, subject to the obligation to respect national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days in each quarter.
The high proportion of smokers in the population is mainly responsible for the relatively high mortality rate and negatively affects life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations bodies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played an important role in advocacy and in facilitating campaigns that have led to new instruments and standards for the protection of children, as described below:
These organizations played a leading role in the formulation and implementation of the programme.
• ACP-EU cooperation: the ACP-EU Partnership Agreement signed at Cotonou, Benin, in 2000, took into account various elements proposed by the Special Representative at the ACP-EU Joint Assembly in March 1999.
The United Nations presence, anywhere in the world, has always been viewed as a symbol and a guarantee of universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, has attracted a wide audience, including in non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136 to 141, 144 to 146, 148 and 150
It also continues its efforts to raise awareness of women's rights in all its activities and the human rights mechanisms it supports, inter alia, by adopting a gender mainstreaming strategy in 2002.
Jadis, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established commissions or investigative teams.
Recommendations on travel grants
In accordance with the arrangements for consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, which were endorsed by the Council in its resolution 1996/31, the organizations with consultative status must report every four years on their activities, including support for the work of the United Nations.
In accordance with the recommendations of the ACABQ contained in its report (see A/C.5/57/SR.20), UNFIP undertook a series of activities in 2002 as part of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects aimed at streamlining its activities, targeting and making them more effective.
Focal points for women's issues have been appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Affairs strengthen their capacity to implement the national gender policy.
Recalling its resolution 57/134 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs represented a feature of the services economy, and often even large firms in developing countries were small enterprises worldwide.
In the area of statistics, data collection and work on an assessment of the social impact and impact on the development of services liberalization should be encouraged.
Assistance was particularly important as African countries were pursuing parallel negotiations with the European Union with a view to concluding economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions reached by the technical authentication work undertaken to date
To combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary and appropriate steps to strengthen legislation and institutional capacities in this area.
Country decisions
derogation
The Australian citizenship certificate is not a identity document.
Urges all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to work actively towards the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular a common formula that could be included in an international instrument of binding force;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate (a) to subprogramme 3, Progressive development and codification of international law, of programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) to sections 8 (Legal affairs) and 2, General Assembly affairs and conference services), of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
Representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) attended the session.
Question 7.
To avoid distinguishing between the two types of cloning is intended only to attempt to conceal the fact that a human life is created to destroy it in order to produce embryonic stem cells or other experiences.
There is a discussion, and there seems to be a continuing divergence of views, no views should be imposed on all others.
The development of transport infrastructure and information and communication technology, including the elimination of the missing link, would enhance transit transport and allow landlocked countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. De Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month for presenting the Council's annual report covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Update on the United Nations System-wide Action Plan to Combat Drug Abuse (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its deep concern at the tragic situation of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete steps to prevent displacement and to provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, recalls in this regard the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement, and urges the international community, led by the relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national projects and programmes aimed at alleviating the plight of internally displaced persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must bring benefits to all.
Most recently, in February 2003, two primary seismic monitoring stations, Lac-Bonnet (PS08) and Sheffville (PS10), were officially approved by the Provisional Technical Secretariat; the construction of a radionuclide monitoring station (RN16) to Yellowkniife was completed in March 2003.
He also welcomed the establishment of a post of general control and transparency that had characterized recent appointments to senior posts.
Also at the 61st meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally proposed an amendment to the draft resolution by which operative paragraph 6 (g) would read as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of a growing globalization, the measures taken by a Government may often have implications for the right to food of the population of another country (e.g. in the context of agricultural trade).
According to article 507, members of the groups referred to in article 499, who cooperate with the judicial authorities to identify criminals or update their criminal intentions will benefit from forgiveness.
In the longer term, a flexible and effective legal framework for security rights could serve as a useful tool to accelerate economic growth.
Special Committee decision of 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We particularly welcome your efforts to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of those Territories, the majority of which are in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I invite you to consider the Committee as a friend, willing to work with you and for you, for the realization of the rights that are unquestionably curable.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first country cooperation framework approved by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, facilitate the development of an integrated national development plan, which will establish procedures for establishing national development priorities over 10 years, focusing mainly on health, population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
Within the Ministry, a State Secretariat has been tasked with the promotion of women and women's participation in development, demonstrating the Government's willingness to pay specific attention to women's issues: in the Congo, all State Secretariats participate in the meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia expressed its appreciation to the group of Quadrilatal and other countries for the market access initiatives of LDCs, which were to create competitive advantage and encourage investment in the areas covered by the programme.
However, it is expected that the Organization conclude the year on a positive cash balance (currently estimated at $44 million) under the regular budget — a result that would be favourable if it was to match the forecast.
Bigamy
Maintenance of order
We have planned food, tents, supplies, medicines and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, particularly flooding, also contribute to the deterioration of habitats and the impoverishment of resources in the East Asia subregion.
As part of their day-to-day activities, women are the main protectors of forest species and therefore depend on future forest productivity.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation among developing countries, should not be neglected.
The Government of Slovenia has established an interdepartmental working group to implement restrictive measures and follow-up on counter-terrorism activities.
By the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on Children in Armed Conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
Financing terrorism (art.
Ms. Otititi (Uganda) said that her delegation had been inadvertently included among the authors because of a technical error.
(b) A certified copy of the memorandum and association articles of the company;
Subject to other priorities and available resources, the Government of the Bahamas intends to advance this process over the next few months.
Fifty-eighth session
One view was that the basic criterion to strike a balance between the interests of buyers and those of secured creditors was the notion of “good business competition”.
The Working Group on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget will have before it annually a comprehensive study on a programme of technical cooperation.
The cotton problem was crucial, and the difficulties faced by African producers should be viewed from both a moral and economic perspective.
The Emergency Programme of Action launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to reverse the spread of HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia aims at achieving the goals contained in the Declaration of Commitment through broad-based national action supported by the technical, financial and tactical support of UNAIDS and collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Determines that parents are best placed to do so, that they are responsible for guiding children, raising them in a healthy environment, instilling them in the sense of duty, integrity, responsibility, citizenship, compassion and service to others around the world;
Most Muslim countries in the Middle East are found in the Indian subcontinent, South-East Asia and parts of Africa.
27 October 2003, Baghdad
However, in cases where the sanctions imposed remain in force for a long period of time, as in the case of the Al-Qaida and Taliban sanctions regime, universal reporting rules cannot be as effective.
The Government of East Timor is currently considering projects to effectively improve the capacity of East Timor police in both areas, in addition to its ability to cope with civil unrest.
In addition, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police to address threats from criminal and armed groups in campaigns and in the area of tactical coordination.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to indicate whether they wished to participate in the work of the new team and to provide the Office for Outer Space Affairs with the coordinates of the focal point that they would designate.
The Gambian law provides a certain measure of the conduct referred to in this article, but the penalties are to be radically reviewed.
Indeed, in both urban and rural areas, female illiteracy is combined with extreme poverty and unfinished work, with dependency and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of African country partners have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to African countries.
The Unit currently comprises seven persons.
Members of the Committee discussed at length the issue without reaching agreement on the causes of the problem and ways to address them.
They supported United States military activities in their territory, as they did not forget their own history; they knew of what was meant by vulnerability and valued the security and protection they offered by the United States.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Trade in Guam, October-December 2001, www.admin.gov.gu/trade.
Application of the International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative Chairman of the Arab Group
With regard to funding, the improvement of the income and expenditure situation in 2002-2003 and the implementation of the revised recovery policy also provide good prospects for the UNICEF financial plan and budget.
Background
Table IV shows the proposed changes in the number of support budget posts for each of the main components of each appropriation line.
Table V provides a comparison of the total number of posts in each organizational unit for the current and future biennium.
Table 7 Distribution of recurrent expenditure and new investment, 2004-2005
It summarizes the progress made by the Central American countries on the path of peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since my last report (A/57/387 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit in Cuzco, Peru, and the 19 members of the Group adopted the Czco Consensus, a strategic action programme to overcome poverty and social exclusion and address the themes of democratic governance, cultural identity and external relations and the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The immense reconstruction efforts of the region continue with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and relevant reports
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 17 to 19, 24, 25 and 27 September; 3, 11, 14, 15, 23 to 25 and 28 October; 6, 7, 19, 22 and 25 November; 3, 4, 6, 9, 16 to 20 and 30 December 2002; 6, 9, 10, 15, 23, 27, 29 and 31 January; 12 and 24 to 27 February; and 4 to 7, 14, 20, 21, 25 and 26 March; 2, 3, 7, 8, 10, 14, 16, 22, 22 and 24 April; 8, 9, 14, 19 and 11, 19, 5, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 2003, 10 and 11, 23 and 11, 23 and 11, 23 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11, 9, 14, 19 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 11 and 29 August 2003
UNMOVIC has also had contacts with many Governments in the area of export control, in particular with regard to finding concrete solutions to issues such as the definition of dual-use equipment and an appropriate balance between non-proliferation objectives and legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, this information is based on the recently updated study of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on budget preparation in the United Nations system.
Of the 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are devoted wholly or mainly to renewable energy sources.
Nuclear non-proliferation and peaceful uses of theatom can go hand in hand with transparency and mutual confidence.
In that sense, the experience of developed democracies is indeed very valuable.
I take this opportunity without the indulgence of these people, and I take this opportunity to add to the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the most sincere condolences of the Bulgarian people to their families.
We will be able to speak of victory when these attacks will no longer take place, as they are going to the entire nation.
The Government has identified some 30,000 individuals belonging to organizations considered to be terrorists because of the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
Pursuant to paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the designation of operational entities that have been accredited and designated provisionally by the Council.
It is only through their dedication and dedication that, with the assistance of the secretariat, it has been possible to carry out the heavy and difficult tasks entrusted to them.
PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES AND PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PRODUCTIONSURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE PROCED
Statistical study, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and April/May 2003, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
I would now like to repeat the names of the two countries among the Asian States that wish to nominate a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Achievements in the economic and political sphere determine the present and future of our State.
It was in the interests of both developed and developing countries to establish a sound and equitable multilateral trading system.
International agreements should not limit the ability of Governments to regulate, especially in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy were of paramount importance to the economies of the member countries of the Group.
FDI could play a fundamental role in economic growth and the development of host countries.
States
In essence, his delegation supported all the suggestions of the Special Rapporteur, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted that this sector, which is outside the control of the State and tax system, has played a significant role in the economy of many developing countries in all regions.
Action taken by the Commission, including SON REDE,
This joint programme would allow Member States to understand more comprehensively the perspectives and risks of a global society and to implement the basic proposals made by the Secretary-General on science and technology at the Millennium Summit (September 2000) the Declaration of the Group of 8 July 2000 and the Dubai Declaration of the Group of 77 for the Promotion of Science and Technology in the South (October 2002).
A detailed description of how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international cooperation for development will be focused on the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the chains, newcomers used this guide and, although other stations did not follow their example, standardization of pronunciation remained possible.
They took note of the convening of the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties to the Convention from 16 to 20 September 2002.
They strongly supported unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures adopted by some Governments to reduce their military expenditures, thus contributing to strengthening regional and international peace and security.
Vocational training and job creation will enable cities to build on the potential of youth.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
2-3 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an introductory statement.
While the Middle East region is a particularly sensitive area in the light of the various problems that still exist and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that it is important for the international community to focus on achieving this objective within the framework of the United Nations in order to take a decisive step towards achieving peace in that region.
It should also be noted that the solution to the problem of the composition of the office will facilitate the strengthening of the agreement on the interpretation of the rules governing the composition of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme, on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.30 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
Under the sanctions regime (para. 4 (b) established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraph 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002)), Member States are required to freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources of the persons or entities, including funds from assets belonging to or controlled, directly or indirectly by them, their agents or agents, and to ensure that their nationals and persons in the territory of which they are directly or indirectly owned or controlled.
Almost all federal law enforcement agencies have contributed to this effort by providing elementary and advanced training courses in all areas of financial crime.
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network - Finance
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is empowered, under section 7 of the Companies Act, to exercise control over the objectives, sources of finance and expenditures of non-profit organizations.
Members of the mission stressed that they had not come to serve as mediator or to participate in the peace talks in Liberia, but they indicated to all parties the essential elements they considered to be essential: full respect for the ceasefire; comprehensive political settlement for the appointment of a transitional Government that would organize free and fair elections; respect for international humanitarian law, including immediate and unrestricted access to humanitarian organizations.
(d) Report of the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not applied generally and the provisions of the various conventions on liability and relations between them were difficult to understand.
The Consultative Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following issues at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission on the transfer of marine technology; (2) possible establishment of an IOC internal procedure for the effective implementation of article 247 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, on scientific projects and scientific research conducted by international organizations or under their auspices;
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
Pursuant to that conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the core of the international development agenda.
He hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States would follow the same review framework and that the General Assembly would request the Secretary-General to submit an annual progress report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
After a civil war that had ruined the national economy, Burundi cannot complete the internal and external dislocation programme to combat poverty without the support of the international community.
This has a negative impact on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to communicate to the Secretary-General, in time for the General Assembly to deliberate at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways to strengthen and broaden participation in the standardized reporting system, including changes to its content and structure;
The difficulty of deciding at the outset whether the debtor should be subject to liquidation proceedings rather than reorganization led some countries to review their insolvency law and to replace separate proceedings with a “university”.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, to school in the light of potentially dangerous situations.
We attach high priority to our collaboration with our partners in WHO and others to encourage breastfeeding as the best solution to protect children's health.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532), as well as the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and its continued efforts to reach bilateral agreements with Member States under article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the authorities of Argentina, Belarus, Ecuador, Egypt, Guatemala, Equatorial Guinea, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria (3), Pakistan, Peru, Sudan, Tunisia (2), Turkey and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge shall inform him on his personal and fiduciary financial interests and make every effort reasonably possible to be informed of the financial interests of his family members.
Member States reported some difficulties encountered in implementing the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthen technology support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms; build human capacity; identify new technologies and applications; and encourage international collaboration in support of research in the areas left for consideration;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile, as well as by the observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of FISC (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In his introductory statement, Mr. Kim Hak-Su welcomed in the session the first substantive stage of the process leading to a final international conference on chemicals management in 2006.
Response measures
I would like to say that working with you in the United Nations has been a fruitful experience.
We particularly appreciate your commitment and conviction in extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
Activities
A technical cooperation project for the Maputo Trade Point (Mozambique) is under way and is expected to be completed by the end of 2003.
DMFAS is self-financing by making debt servicing procedures more effective and by delaying inconsistencies in creditor claims.
This is a smaller country with a smaller population, but 2.2 of 3.3 million people are threatened with famine.
I still do not understand why it is so difficult to accept this statement of fact.
Article 2.8. The Secretary-General may submit additional proposals for the programme budget whenever appropriate.
Article 4.5: A Peacekeeping Reserve Fund is established as a cash-flow facility to enable the Organization to intervene promptly during the start-up phase of new peacekeeping operations or the expansion of existing operations, and to finance unforeseen and extraordinary peacekeeping expenditures.
These agreements include the services that the Organization must provide for full reimbursement of costs.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Determines that it is preferable for the benefit of the Organization to give or dispose of the property at a symbolic price to another intergovernmental organization, government, public agency or other non-profit organization.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after thorough investigation, authorize the write-offs of cash, goods and other assets, on the understanding that he should submit to the Board of Auditors, together with the accounts, a statement of all such write-offs.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally amended?
Abstaining:
In their nature, confidence-building measures must therefore be defined and agreed upon on the basis of volunteerism, at the appropriate rate of participation by States taking part in the process.
Otherwise developing countries will only be further marginalized.
In Kisangani, she met with the families of victims of the May 2002 massacres and victims of sexual violations, and also visited the prison and cachots.
The cost of constructing prefabricated offices is estimated at $985,671.
Special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of working groups working on the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as the chairpersons of human rights treaty bodies, regret that the fight against terrorism is used as a pretext to threaten human rights defenders and to target vulnerable groups because of their origin and socio-economic situation, which is particularly the case of migrants.
Why?
My fifth proposal is of a general nature: it is to act on the source of these two evils.
In order to achieve a lasting settlement of these conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and transitional Governments of those States obtain accounts and enforce justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which calls on regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and the States of the region in fully implementing the arms embargo as a fundamental component of the Somali national reconciliation process.
Indeed, the League of Arab States played the role that it was expected to play in responding to the deterioration of the political and security situation in the region, including Palestine, Iraq and regional security.
It also sought to ensure that inspectors, when returning to Iraq, were able to work and circulate freely — an effort recognized in Security Council resolution 1441 (2002).
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Encourages the United Nations system to integrate a gender perspective into all their programmes and policies, including in a coherent follow-up to United Nations conferences, in accordance with agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective, adopted by the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 1997, and welcomes the decision of the Economic and Social Council to devote, at its substantive session of 2004, a number of issues to the coordination of the Council's 2004 substantive session;
It is true that many HIPC countries do not adequately implement IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
The main counsel that Mr. Ducque may give to the Commission is not to allow this issue to take a political turn.
Strengthening United Nations action in the field of human rights through the promotion of international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that through increased efforts and implementation, a reasonable compromise can be reached on the issue of Security Council reform in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reiterate once again that the Democratic People's Republic of Korea has fully fulfilled its obligations in accordance with the 1994 Agreed Agreement between the People's Democratic Republic of Korea and the United States, until it withdraws from the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopted the concluding observations on Sri Lanka's fourth periodic report.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections may be submitted within seven days after the receipt of the record or the closure of the session, whichever is later.
Welcoming the reorganization of the bureaux of the Committee and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation looked forward to working with them on issues such as space education and natural disasters.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of annual meetings with the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of the Office of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit on Sustainable Development to achieve the more effective and coherent implementation of the three objectives of the Convention and to achieve a significant reduction in the current rate of biodiversity loss, which will require action at all levels, including the implementation of national strategies and action plans for biodiversity conservation and the allocation of new and additional financial and technical resources to developing countries,
The budget should be adjusted to take into account the costs and resources resulting from the unification of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In paragraph 4, the two references to the word “staff” were replaced by the word “Professional” and the words “encourages the Secretary-General to intensify his efforts” were replaced by the words “encourages the Secretary-General and the executive heads of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned about the remaining problems,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations made by the Committee for Programme and Coordination, as contained in chapter III, section C.4 of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of the countries of Central Asia on trafficking in small arms and light weapons in which a debate was devoted to the ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999 and the reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It is important for Congress to return on its initial refusal to support national reparations and to ensure the funding and institutional stability of payments by adopting the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed simply because they were Serbs and send to all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must go and that there is no chance of reconciliation, and to reach the multi-ethnic society called for by Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and that we all want.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps, a civil emergency organization.
For this reason, the responsibility of Israel is to put an end to these violations of Lebanese airspace and to prevent their escalation of tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as set out below.
In this great Organization there will always be zero tolerance for those who advocate intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence.
The Committee agreed that the two Secretariats should continue to work together.
At its resumed 2001 session, the Committee had before it special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint submitted by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that his only concern was to ensure that this NGO did not use its status with the Council by carrying out its activities in a manner that would jeopardize the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (from 25th to 50th) were held.
However, cross-cutting linkages, balances to be sought, chronological order to be used, costs and benefits as they were perceived were extremely complex issues.
Angola had hosted the seventh Conference on Trade and Financing for Oil and Gas in Africa in May 2003.
If so, please describe the measures taken.
The persons whose DNA is subject to analysis also have the right to know who collects such information, for which purposes it is stored and can have access to it.
The issuance criteria set out in the European Patent Convention are as follows: (i) newty; (ii) inactivity; (iii) industrial application.
2 and 17 (b) of the European Agreement on Roads Printers of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Peronograms and Broadcasting Organizations of 26 October 1961.
(h) To approve the implementation plan;
For example, the rural male population has increased in the north-east and south-west regions (from 49.8 per cent to 50.0 per cent and 49.1 per cent to 49.3 per cent, respectively), while it decreased in the following regions: Bucharest (from 49.8 per cent to 49.4 per cent), North-West (from 49.7 per cent to 49.5 per cent) and the Centre (from 50.1 per cent to 50 per cent).
Women and men also have equal rights with regard to the citizenship of their children.
The different family planning methods were not well known before 1989 and couples were most often using natural methods and condoms.
This revaluation of the allocation takes into account the increase in the price of school supplies, food, clothing and other strict necessities for children, with the aim of preventing school dropout, a phenomenon that has increased in recent years owing to the decrease in the financial resources of families with children.
Inadequate development activities in the most unstable areas of the country have not been adversely affected.
More than 40 countries have benefited from the United Nations Development Group Common Services pilot programme, which provides grants from donors to finance or improve common services provided to 24 UNCTs.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions — particularly the Bretton Woods institutions — are focused on both the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and poverty reduction strategy papers.
A representative raising a point of order may, in his statement, speak on the substance of the matter under discussion.
(e) To recall that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation designated the Commission to serve as a focal point for discussions on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and reaffirm that partnerships as voluntary initiatives by stakeholders contribute to the implementation of intergovernmental commitments through Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
International commitments
We look forward to your consideration of our proposal.
Thus, the proposal to impose an immediate moratorium on the commercial activities of the extractive industries in Liberia is based on past experiences and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
According to them, model 3, as it departed less than the other two of the current system, would be used informally by several organizations.
Conditions of service of staff in the Professional and higher categories
As a result, the amounts of the mobility and hardship allowance would also remain unchanged.
(e) Study on grade equivalency between the United Nations civil service and the United States Federal Administration.
The Panel further noted that each of the loans were under way prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and assessing progress towards sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights stressed the importance of improving the response of the international community to violence by strengthening national prevention efforts and through international cooperation.
While nearly 50 business leaders were present at its formal launch before the end of 2003, the Global Compact had become a very developed international network with over 1,000 business enterprises worldwide, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, as well as academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions detected by reporting institutions are reported.
• Flexible (D) and credit schemes (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines has created a climate of close dialogue and cooperation between Governments, international organizations and non-governmental organizations in the same spirit.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11 visiting missions
The working group recognizes the importance of the summary accompanying the report.
Following these deliberations, the members of the Committee, on the basis of the provisions on the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on the work of its fortieth session (1997), which was approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, reached the following agreement, which will serve as the basis for the election of the members of the Committee at the opening of its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encouraging dialogue among States, indigenous peoples and other actors on the concept of indigenous peoples in the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III Theme of the session: “Indigenous children and youth”
Indigenous Peoples Alliance
Most Governments are aware of the increasing threat of the illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and accord high priority to measures to mitigate this threat.
These successes required long-term investment in economic development, supported by technical assistance.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations discussed with the Special Committee the issues of law enforcement.
Statement submitted by the congregation of the Charity of Good Pasator, a non-governmental organization in special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 provides updated information on the financial situation of UNATSO and the Civilian Police Support Unit as at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lauro Baja, Jr.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Booby-Traps and Other Devices, as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, as amended on 3 May 1996) annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they be defined in order to facilitate monitoring and evaluation of performance and to establish timetables for product implementation.
The Advisory Committee is not convinced, however, that it is necessary to establish three additional posts in order to maintain continuous military expertise.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) To continue to cooperate with grass-roots organizations, to recognize their marginalization and to strengthen their capacity to address the issues of national and international concern;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1356 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo would not apply to protective clothing, including pallets and military cases, temporarily exported to Somalia for their personal use exclusively by United Nations personnel, representatives of the media, humanitarian personnel, development assistance staff and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the Istanbul Research Centre on Islamic History, Art and Culture to preserve the cultural heritage and Islamic identity of Muslim communities of non-OIC Member States.
The impact of the information society on economic and socio-cultural development was addressed and urged industrial States to develop a programme of work to enable developing States to take advantage of communication technologies to bridge the digital divide and to participate actively at the World Summit on the Information Society and to coordinate their positions.
Condemns any form of repression against refugees, including armed attacks on refugee camps, and pressure on host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, aimed, in particular, at strengthening Islamic solidarity among Member States and strengthening their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and in all vital sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to achieve consensus on its programme of work, including the establishment of subsidiary negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, the prevention of the arms race in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and the effective international measures to protect non-nuclear States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to begin substantive work as soon as possible on the prevention of the arms race in outer space.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons
Resolution No. 7/30-E on the external debt of Member States and other OIC Member States
Thanks the IDB for organizing a workshop on private sector investment and the role of IDB in member States from 14 to 16 September 2002 in Istanbul, in collaboration with the relevant OIC institutions, and also expresses its appreciation to the Republic of Turkey for hosting the workshop.
Notes with appreciation the draft resolutions contained in the report of the ninth meeting of the private sector.
Also calls upon Member States that have technical infrastructures for the conservation and restoration of manuscripts, to grant scholarships to the Institute's staff, with a view to increasing their expertise in this area.
Recalling further United Nations resolution 49/60 on the Declaration of Principles for the Fight against International Terrorism;
With regard to the entire West African region, which I hope will receive sustained attention from the Council and other United Nations agencies following our mission and report, the subregional problems are enormous and we have listed them in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the work of the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be decisive in avoiding possible conflict if appropriate action is not taken.
Such negotiations may have a number of disadvantages, as they require highly qualified and experienced staff and have a greater risk of abusive or corrupt practices.
In the letter of follow-up, UNCITRAL requested “the comments on specific provisions so as to facilitate the preparation of an analytical commentary to be submitted to the Commission”.
It was therefore necessary to combine economic and political efforts and to implement all relevant United Nations resolutions calling for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from all occupied territories and to proclaim the right of the Palestinian people to a politically independent and economically viable State.
Following the adoption of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003), the Minister of Finance of Jordan, in his note No. 12/3/16/298 of 3 April 2003, provided the customs authorities with the names of individuals and entities on the Consolidated List and requested them to ban the customs clearance of imported or exported goods from those persons or entities and to confiscate them if they are located in the territory, and to provide all information concerning the Customs Directorate.
Invites States to review and reform, where appropriate, legislation and practices in order to raise the minimum age of marriage, with or without parental consent, for both girls and boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteur with all data collected from all relevant sources of information, including a compilation of studies and publications concerning the impact of terrorism and the impact of the fight against terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends the following draft resolution for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session:
Furthermore, the Committee has no objection to the fact that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the Emergency Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 are complemented by an amount not exceeding $200,000 (see A/58/2144, para.
Each subsystem is adapted to the information technology environment and the organization's procedures.
Participants and beneficiaries will be the first to see improved services.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important instrument for social change, as it enables everyone to acquire new values and change its relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights affirms the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and affirms that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, that everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in the Declaration, without distinction of any kind, and that the individual has duties to the community in which only the free and full development of his personality is possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to assert that local staff must meet their national service obligations and several Eritreans working for UNMEE were arrested.
The Committee will encourage those who provide assistance to focus, through expanded capacity-building programmes, on counter-terrorism capacity; to prioritize training and ensure that programmes are implemented in a timely and results-oriented manner.
12.44 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Investment, Enterprise Development and Technology Division.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they amounted to $218,915, including advances made by several Member States on their contributions for the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or place where their lives are at risk and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers from leaving a country where their lives are at risk;
There is a growing tendency to give priority to peace to the detriment of justice, which can be understood in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises in a peace process, but which in fact undermines the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear no objection, I shall take it that the Assembly agrees to this suggestion.
The General Assembly should elect 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded the present stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
However, she regretted that there were still countries that had not yet adopted it in some regions where the proliferation of ballistic missiles remained an urgent problem.
Based on the proposed opening up of new disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration centres and the increased workload of the Section, 38 posts are proposed.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, his delegation supported broad scope.
As it had done in previous instalments, the Panel reviewed the claims in part two of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after assessing the documentary evidence and other evidence, balancing the interests of the claimants who had to flee a war zone and Iraq's claims, which are liable only for losses and damages arising directly from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
However, in order to address this problem, our State intends to consider future assistance from the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, educational institutions and religious and political figures of the Palestinian Authority inculcate hatred, glorify and provide moral bond, both human and divine, to mass killings.
If we do so, each will have the opportunity to address the Council.
Let Israel put an end to the occupation of our territory, which it ceases to send settlers, to flout our rights.
The Executive Council, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess the progress made with regard to the clean development mechanism and, where necessary, recommend that the Conference of the Parties consider incorporating the guidelines to the Executive Board in its decision on the preamble and paragraph below.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections were suspended, but the dictatorial government of Pinochet has tried to improve the provision of local services, which has led to a number of reforms, particularly in the area of revenue sharing.
In accordance with Sub-Commission resolution 2002/21, the Working Group secretariat informed the Council that it had identified as the main themes of its work in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004: “Resolution on indigenous issues”; in 2005: “Protection of indigenous traditional knowledge at the national and international levels”; and in 2006: “children and youth”.
(b) Representatives and organizations seeking grants should be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and to the continued development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
General Assembly resolution 57/65 on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason for which it was not mentioned in the programme document were mentioned.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2 To provide/produce a document linked to an act of terrorism, deliberately neglecting the existence of this link (10 years' imprisonment)
In real terms, expenditure on children increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having also considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to New Caledonia,
Therefore, there is no exception when it comes to the right of peoples to fight weapons for self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): The participation of civil society, in general, and NGOs, in particular, is mandated by the Convention process.
d Pledges made at the sessions of the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities in November 2000 and November 2002 for the year 2003.
As at 16 January 2003, the total of new voluntary contributions, which are available for the twenty-second session of the Council, amounted to $551,548 (see table 1 above).
(d) If the action is intended to terminate or terminate the contract of an employee and, in the opinion of the Head of State, the head of Government or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the employer State, such action may interfere with the security interests of the State;
This session will be held at the Congress Centre Fiera Milano, Milan.
Whether this process is recognized and appropriate (pensioning or knowledge society) or not, any development that reinforces knowledge acquisition systems, liberates a human potential, enables it to better value and guide it to social, economic and political life, brings about a society of this new development phase.
Mary Ann has informed me of his intention to leave UNHCR for personal and professional reasons, and I have accepted his complaint, not without regret.
The Committee suggests that all age groups should be included in the indicator of Friends of the Presidency.
Underlining the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts made by the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work done by the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Allocation of non-permanent seats in relation to regions
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete the subparagraph.
The representative of any regional agreement or body should indicate in writing to the President of the Security Council that he wishes to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how guidance could be provided for the implementation of such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee requests the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies adopted by the Committee to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of legislative provisions on equality between men and women, including in the field of women's representation at different levels of government and public service.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety and security of all personnel participating in the Force under the auspices of the United Nations;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (General Assembly resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 53/242)1
Fundamental economic laws are under consideration, including investment and business registration laws and a draft bankruptcy law.
It is encouraging to note that there have been no recent repetition of the events that occurred at the end of 2002 and early this year.
The fourth key point is the fact that the Government of East Timor has succeeded in generating income of $44.1 million, of which $26.7 million is income from the Timor Sea during the current year, demonstrating that the State is increasingly able to mobilize its own resources.
The latter should not deal with the liability of the performing carrier.
Additional statements and contributions for the elaboration of the draft instrument
(d) Generally encourage activities to strengthen the independence of the judiciary and the Bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and increases over the years.
One of them would have been executed before the university's main entry, with the aim, appears to be creating a climate of terror after an organized demonstration shortly before students.
The international community should be concerned about this growing trend in the use of excessive force;
We would also like to reiterate that, with regard to the controversy over the question of agent inner XV and the pound of coal, which were unilaterally destroyed by Iraq, it made concrete proposals in recent technical discussions with Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February, with the aim of resolving the issues considered by the former Special Commission as vague or outstanding.
Efforts have been made in the past in the form of proposed texts in the hope of overcoming this political impasse.
We intend to increase the number of customs and procurement experts for monitoring imports in Iraq.
Let us succeed in favour of peace because we can achieve it if we are sincerely trying to achieve it by demonstrating firm commitment and political will.
I wish once again to express the confidence and full support of France in their mission.
However, Spain is aware that peace and security are guaranteed by respect for and implementation of Security Council resolutions and that there will be a time when, owing to the lack of a change in political attitudes, the Council will be obliged to assume its responsibilities on behalf of international peace and security.
From this standpoint, the efforts of the international community and the Security Council to the Baghdad regime continue to be the main factor in ensuring Iraq's cooperation with the inspectors, and it is also the main prerequisite for finding a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) Be compatible with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
Financial securities entities;
As we have indicated, Egypt has signed or ratified all conventions except the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, demonstrating its positive attitude towards combating terrorism.
Furthermore, as it is impossible to build confidence in the next day, we must remain patient in order to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7 Number of letters on benefit rights
Senior Legal Officer
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia are still attracting a large public and a third should soon be opened, once again in Adigrat.
In some cases, for example in the water sector, the number of transnational corporations capable of intervening around the world is very limited.
As part of these principles, the Croatian Government has embarked on a range of social and economic reforms aimed at promoting growth in employment and social welfare, such as the effective implementation of its National Strategy for the Eradication of Poverty and the Fight against Social Exclusion and the creation of social partnerships that give priority to human resources and ensure education and science as a central role in the quest for social progress.
The 218th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be held on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism has been installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 20031)
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 20031)
In order to fully enjoy the rights of persons with disabilities, the international community should support the draft Convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account historical, cultural and development differences among countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be guided by all international standards and norms concerning disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also by resolutions of United Nations bodies and bodies.
The African Union affirmed that African populations must strive to eliminate social barriers and to promote the principle of affirmative action for persons with disabilities.
For the secretariat's divisions to have adequate resources, the amount of 13 per cent funded from project budgets for administrative costs should be assigned to the Division responsible for implementing the project.
The disruption in the provision of medicines, materials and spare parts for equipment — especially those for emergency services, therapy and surgery units and other services for both adults and children — has made it extremely difficult for medical personnel to provide medical care.
Is this policy a sense?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/11 in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and in accordance with the provisions of its Constitution relating to respect for international law.
[Original: English] [17 June 2004]
Employment has progressed slowly and unemployment has remained at a reasonably low level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[Original: English/Spanish] [21 May 2003]
Limited access to energy sources and high fuel costs and resulting shortages have had a serious impact on urban transport, increasing production costs and undermining the effective functioning of social and urban activities.
Introduction
Verify the applicant for transfers that have a bank account and wishes to transfer a sum more than 10,000 United States dollars or equivalent to another currency.
Article 35, paragraph 1, of the Rules states:
For example, it might, as suggested by the Secretary-General, establish a multi-stakeholder panel on debt restructuring mechanisms, whose discussions and conclusions might be brought to the attention of intergovernmental decision-making bodies.
