It is therefore a matter of concern that legislation to combat terrorism gives law enforcement agencies and intelligence units of exceptional monitoring and investigation powers without reference to justice.
Ms. Borzi Cornacchia (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur saw her future programme of work and whether she planned to include missions.
First, there is a need to increase the Government's representativity, particularly in security institutions, and to intensify efforts towards national unity and reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including warlords and the Taliban — benefit from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend contrary to the most fundamental principles of international humanitarian law and raises critical issues that are urgent to address.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure the wide dissemination of its concluding observations at all levels of society, including State officials and members of the judiciary, and to inform it in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement those observations.
If additional funds were made available for programmes in Africa, the resources for the region in the programme budget would increase, as suggested by the high assumption.
Adoption of the report on credentials
6 See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, under the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, one P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the Website Section in order to strengthen the language capacity of the site.
Organizational structure
A new gender analysis guide will be issued in 2003.
The statistics (see responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) appear to show that the impact has been reduced access to unemployment benefits for women.
In this context, emphasis should be placed on the special needs of the least developed countries, since their participation in global trade remains marginal and, to date, no one has become a member of the World Trade Organization.
Special Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq is undermining our Governments.
That is for us, as in Iraq, a priority commitment.
As a result, my country believes that the draft resolution is an effective way to strengthen the pressure on Iraq to comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
It is so trying to blur things.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, acting on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Development and transfer of technology” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The proposed legislative reforms, inter alia, require technical assistance, including for the acquisition of equipment necessary for the strengthening of security at ports of entry and training of staff, in particular in the area of detecting counterfeit travel documents.
Noting the efforts of the Governments of some Territories to meet the most demanding financial monitoring standards,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
In considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/114 containing the guidelines for the implementation by the Sub-Commission of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other relevant decisions and practices.
The assessment of the level of girls' education in the Horn of Africa and Eastern Africa has helped to identify the causes of the problem, already identified: the extent of domestic tasks and the financial sacrifice required for the education of girls to the family are the main social factors that prevent them from receiving equal education with boys; this should include the lack of textbooks.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly is opening at a time when we respond to the Secretary-General's call for thought on the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, it seems that there are still a number of acts to be required for future generations to find us positive.
In this period of economic difficulties, the Government has dedicated more than $5 million last year to services designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
OPINION No.
The initial judgement was rendered in favour of the applicants, but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently reversed the judgement.
The Government claims that these persons were arrested for conspiracy with enemy forces to overthrow the legal Government.
Mr. Yawowi Agboyibo, lawyer, former parliamentarians, Chairman of the Committee for Action for Renewal (CAR), a political party, was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to six months and imprisoned at the Lomé Civil Prison, despite his appeal.
The Working Group, having made this opinion, requests the Government to adopt the necessary measures to remedy the situation, in accordance with the standards and principles set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
First, it is necessary to meet the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves, by providing appropriate options and adequate time frames for their respective decolonization processes.
The settlement of this outstanding issue will only be conducive to building confidence.
These historical initiatives help to better identify the needs and aspirations of peoples under colonial domination by giving them the necessary radiation in a highly competitive global economy.
Only the United Nations has a legitimate mandate under its Charter and has legal and political authority and international legitimacy to meet the greatest challenges to international peace and security.
The United Nations must therefore not only continue its tasks in Iraq but also extend them and provide stronger support to the Iraqi people.
UNAIDS is currently funding a HIV/AIDS adviser position at the headquarters of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations that coordinates the overall strategy and initiatives to facilitate work in missions.
In accordance with article 5, paragraph 3, of its organic statute, the organization, on the proposal of its general coordinator and in prior consultation with the Executive Board, proceeded to the de facto exclusion of Ms. Bonavita, independently of her status, to have violated the rules of procedure of the Council, disrupted the work of the Commission on Human Rights and failed to respect the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement, under article 3, operates through the following bodies:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the National Commission on Human Rights of Mongolia.
In the view of some members of the Working Group, this provision should not necessarily be included in insolvency law and could be left to ordinary law, it was noted that it was closely related to recommendation 70 and should, for reasons of clarity and legal security, be included in insolvency law.
After discussion, the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation was supported.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also a party to many international anti-corruption treaties, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against the Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Related Crimes, and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of providing the United Nations system of a senior management school was that it had become necessary to improve the coherence and effectiveness of the international civil service.
(c) Whether or not it is desirable, taking into account the nature of the activity, to grant exclusive rights to subcontractors;
In one case as in the other, the position of the market leader cannot be considered automatically acquired.
However, the United Nations commercial activity portfolio includes high-value products that are low-value in the world.
Financial regulations and rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/Financial Rules/Rev.2/Amend.2), 12 February 1980.
In 2002, the senior management council reviewed the structure and composition of the Secretariat, which had proved insufficient.
While not part of the Group's documentation, the three documents may not be ready for the session, they may be available on the UNCTAD website, such as all other documents requested by the Panel.
Future sessions 45 20
The three options are not mutually exclusive.
However, when they are present, the Republic of Haiti will have to do so.
This system has proven its effectiveness in its most visible part, namely, the electronic presentation of exhibits in the claimant.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also challenged the principle of default referred to in the Rome Statute as to what body — the Court or the Council — is empowered to consider in first instance individual criminal cases involving officials or personnel present or past from a State not party to the Rome Statute on acts or omissions that occurred during an established or authorized operation of the United Nations.
It is also the reasoning that the Secretary-General followed before the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
It is so particularly important that the International Criminal Court, of which 90 States are now parties, has become a reality, taking into account the election this year of its 18 judges and the Prosecutor and the very forthcoming appointment of its Registrar.
Although the Eldoret Declaration has been signed by all factions that participated in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, these factions have mostly continued to combat and import or receive weapons.
The first recipient of weapons and ammunition from the Government of Ethiopia who was identified was Ali Mahdi.
According to United Kingdom customs officers in Nairobi and London, heroin is being smuggled into Somalia by vessels from South Asia to be transported to Africa and West.
Singapore
The political turmoil that marked its first year in power had completely destroyed the country in material terms.
The legislation in force in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and establish an effective system of protection so that United Nations and associated personnel can carry out their security missions.
Although it had started its work for less than two years earlier, it had already achieved tangible results.
The Friends of fish consider fisheries subsidies to harm the environment and cause the depletion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
In particular, it has provided a forum for the development of a common language for United Nations staff on the prevention of armed conflict through interaction and exchange of experience.
The consulting actuary has also been tasked with proposing other methods of financing future after-service health insurance liabilities.
All contracts for management services between UNDP and various donors were implemented by UNOPS.
Table 7
Table 8 provides a summary of the reserve accounts for field offices and housing.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of the 16 accused for the husband's culture were women.
The Church is probably the most influential institution in Samoa's society.
In practice, the police provided that a female police officer is present when there is a victim of domestic violence or sexual abuse.
The Overseas Financial Centre is headed by a legal officer and its staff comprises another legal officer.
Teenage pregnancies continue to have a special mark in rural areas, and there are generally concerted efforts to marry the girl as soon as possible from fear that the situation will continue, leading to the punishment of the family involved on the part of the village council, usually that of the girl child.
Non-governmental organization
Every effort must be made to revive this process without delay, while at the same time preserving the standard established 30 years ago and still on the ground of biological weapons.
This legislation is of great importance to Armenia, as it creates an appropriate legislative basis for a future strengthening of the country's export control system, one of the key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever before, peace, security and balance represent a particularly important challenge for our time and an imperative in building a world that guarantees the development of nations in universal harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation extended by Belgrade to the Mission to join in seeking a solution to the practical issues related to the opening of two new border crossings in the Kosovo border on the border of Serbia and Montenegro and Macedonia.
Accordingly, the United Kingdom fully supports the “standards before status” policy.
I join the members of the Council in thanking Mr. Annabi for his briefing and for his information.
India will provide, if necessary, further details of its observations and will also participate in discussions to resolve the issues raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 269th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) as Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla (Cuba) and Ravan A. G. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) as Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta).
The aim was to continue to modernize the technical components of the system so as to ensure the continued presence on the Internet, including the “Question of Palestine” interface on the United Nations home page under “Peace and security”, and to expand its collection by adding new and old documents.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to peace and international security caused by terrorist acts
But before giving them the floor, I would like to make some opening remarks at the time when Japan takes the Chair of the Conference.
The Committee for Development Policy expected to review the issue at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General would address this issue in a report to be submitted to the General Assembly in the near future.
She would like to know more about France's vision for the future with respect to special measures.
It covers the period since the submission of the first report of ISAF III, and also presents the final evaluation of ISAF III's response to ISAF IV.
Comment.
(iii) The decision of the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not subject to appeal.
(6) The idea that the unilateral act is formulated in principle by a single State appears, prima facie, to be of course.
Mr. Raytchev (Bulgaria): Like previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking United States and British delegations for their comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
That is why combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought through sustainable development policies is a major global challenge.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has thus far focused on authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 It is expected that the objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat units located at the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support to the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and cooperate fully in the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive strategy for drug control based on close cooperation between the parties concerned and the Afghan Transitional Administration.
Mechanisms for coordination between Guatemalan authorities and Mexican authorities were defined in the Border Security Plan between Mexico and Guatemala.
The countries of that region were studying all the implications of such a creation.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), noting that Armenia had claimed to have implemented all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, asked what was the Council's main requirement for the immediate and unconditional withdrawal of the Armenian armed forces of occupation of the territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I urged the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and unrestricted implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the United Nations Information and Communication Technologies Task Force, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The determined commitment of the self-government authorities in Kosovo is crucial to breaking the power of that crime, and it is through concrete results that we consider their ability to perform the functions that have been transferred.
While the situation is changing towards a return to peace, UNRWA will face the demands of the transition from a conflict situation to a recovery and development phase, and will therefore launch a special fund similar to that established for its Peace Implementation Programme following the signing of the Oslo Accords.
(ii) A decrease of $300,000 in requirements for the maintenance of premises resulting from the non-recording of the budget for 2002-2003;
1.79 Allocate health policy and service delivery standards to host authorities in order to maximize the use of resources and avoid duplication and priority conflicts.
Prevention and control of diseases
1.141 Increased use of computers and automation of the work of the Office.
Table 15
Improving the status of women in rural areas
- Retain the word “technical” after the word “support” in the first line and insert the word “and” after the word “technical” to read: “technical and effective”.
(d) To ensure that the various institutional actors take due account of the values of public service, in particular with respect to the honesty of behaviour, the sound management of resources, transparency of decisions, evaluation, accountability and commitment to providing services to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed by paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002);
Any initiative in favour of indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
We have been tus, and we are now seeking to bring Côte d'Ivoire into work and to resume our work, as in the past, and this is in concert with all neighbouring countries of the subregion.
This would result in a shift in accountability that would significantly improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The Export Authority is invited to validate a certificate, require the exporter to submit a statement demonstrating that rough diamonds exported are not conflict diamonds.
Other progress reported include:
(c) To examine the extent to which the recommendation of the United Nations Board of Auditors is that the Registrar shall endeavour to reduce costs by appointing advice that reside near the seat of the Tribunal may be followed, in the light of the international nature of the Tribunal, and make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the issue of late disclosure of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the weapons collection programme had experienced delays and the process of destruction of weapons had fallen.
It was also said that the distinction between contractual and real aspects in that regard was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the decision of the Committee at its first session, a pre-sessional working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the views of the child
(f) To devote more resources, both financial and human, to specialized education, including vocational training and assistance to families of children with disabilities;
(a) To develop a set of measures to update the implementation of the provisions of the Convention on children and parents (including initiatives to reach out to persons who are illiterate or have not benefited from school education), civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including those living in the country;
(d) The continuing difficulties in raising parents' awareness of their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective mechanisms for periodic review of the treatment of children and any other circumstances relating to its placement.
It was therefore concerned about what approach was adopted to strengthen and improve the human rights and control of persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia addressed to the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, a letter denouncing the decision as “illegal, unjust and irresponsible”, and rejecting the demarcation process.
THE SECOND 1990-2000
Figure 10.
The reform of the United Nations as such should not be our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics prepared by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344), according to which technical assistance from the United Nations system remained the most commonly requested form of assistance.
I hope that you will now endorse the updated aide-memoire as a tool reflecting the evolving protection priorities and that it will be useful for the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the protection needs and rights of civilians are reflected in the relevant Security Council resolutions and mandates.
In this regard, I would like to quote Mexico's very important resolution 1502 (2003) and adopted by the Council during the Syrian presidency in August on the protection of United Nations, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict zones.
Civilian populations should not be taken hostage by warring factions trying to deny them access to humanitarian assistance.
The Board's recommendations are verified by the Fund secretariat on their compliance with the relevant United Nations rules and then submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken at the fourth session of the World Trade Organization Ministerial Conference on the Review, through the Council on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, of the relationship between the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Stressing the importance of effective action by the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission on issues of impunity and accountability and the promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council has repeatedly stressed the importance it attaches to the successful implementation of this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Giraldo (Colombia), Mr. Vassilakis (Greece), Mr. Gopathan (India), Mr. Zarif (Islamic Republic of Iran), Mr. Haraguchi (Japan), Mr. Kazykhanov (Kazakhstan), Mr. McIvor (New Zealand), Mr. Kolby (Norway), Mr.
At the outset, I would like to highlight three points regarding the situation of drugs in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for its generous and continuing role in leading the fight against narcotic drugs.
States cannot act in isolation from this problem.
(d) Effective risk management and internal control systems; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to expedite extradition procedures and to simplify the evidentiary requirements relating to the offences covered by this article.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, wherever and wherever they are located;
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that this article is not intended to require the continuation of minor offences.
The requested State Party should consider renouncing the request for a final judgement in cases where the judgement cannot be obtained by the fact that the perpetrator cannot be prosecuted for death, flight or absence or in other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit adopted a directive prepared with the assistance of the Programme Financing Office, which related to the systematic review of the country office oversight mechanisms for fund appeals, other resources management and reporting to donors on the use of funds.
Each centre organizes three to five training sessions each year, in collaboration with national authorities, various United Nations agencies and programmes (including UN-Habitat, UNDP, UNEP, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank Institute and the Global Compact), international associations of elected representatives (such as the Inter-Parliamentary Union, the World Association of Cities and Local Authorities, the Latin American Federation, the Caribbean Municipalities and the United Nations Regional Network of Municipalities, the Central American Municipalities and the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the World Federation, the World Federation of Cities and the World Federation of Local Government of Local Cities and the United Nations Development Association, the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations Children's World Federation of Local Government of Local Government of Local Government of Cities and the United Nations Population and the United Nations Population and the United Nations Children's.
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination has been retained as a basic principle for negotiations.
(f) The status of programmes for the destruction of anti-personnel mines referred to in articles 4 and 5, including details of the methods that will be used for the destruction, the location of all places of destruction and the safety and protection of the environment.”
The Internet address is http://disarmament.un.org/MineBan.nsf.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “External debt crisis and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
From September 2000 to April 2003, at least 12,737 Palestinians saw their homes demolished by Israeli military forces, who invaded cities with the support of tanks, armoured personnel carriers and helicopters and destroyed houses with explosives while their inhabitants were still in existence.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore crucial to that struggle.
On the latter point, I will not go through the details.
Madam President, I thank you for organizing this meeting, and I also thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), for his comprehensive report and concrete proposals to improve the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) and the continuing threat posed by Al-Qaida.
Lastly, she said that she would ensure that the Secretariat took into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain regarding the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of the proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have provided examples of other producers of official statistics that develop and publish statistics in their own area of activity.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remains firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and the agreements reached at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences and calls for the speedy and full implementation of the 13 practical steps agreed to at the 2000 Review Conference.
ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians of the presence and danger of ERW immediately after the cessation of active hostilities, where civilian casualties are often high.
President's summary
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do the same?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring the universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the consideration of human rights issues, as affirmed in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted on 25 June 1993 by the World Conference on Human Rights,
The regrettable incident in Depayin, on 30 May 2003, had an impact on many findings of the Special Rapporteur's progress report (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the emergency situation resulting from prolonged drought and the effects of a long conflict.
Nepal therefore urged the High Commissioner to consider this issue more thoroughly.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
When the discussions are limited and a member or representative exceeds the time allotted, the President shall immediately remind him of the proceedings.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Article 87
Article 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
Reports, official decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention shall be distributed by the Secretariat to all members of the Committee and to interested States parties and, in accordance with the Committee's decision, to the members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested recipients.
States Parties shall submit to the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on the steps they have taken to implement their commitments under this Convention within one year of the entry into force of the Convention for the State party concerned.
In carrying out their mandates, the Rapporteurs may, with the consent of the Committee, make the necessary visits to the State party concerned.
In carrying out his functions, the Chairman remains under the authority of the Committee.
Article 71
The systematic acts of violence in the Mambasa-Komanda region were committed during three different periods:
On 12 October, FAC soldiers entered the witness house in Mambasa.
All respondents confirmed that there were many cases of rape of girls, some of whom were barely 10 years old.
It is based on the Team's report that a new trial has been instituted against 27 suspects from the Colombian forces.
Global road safety crisis
Once the designation is established, this entity is subject to a set of sanctions prescribed under the Law on the Suppression of Terrorism.
A working group of experts, including representatives from various countries and organizations in the Pacific and assisted by two writers (the Netherlands and Australia), is currently drafting model provisions.
Accelerated review of eligibility for mechanisms
Their role should be clarified and their authority and responsibilities better defined.
Of the $42.8 million for the maintenance of the financial period ended 30 June 2002, only $28.4 million, or 66 per cent of the total, had been disbursed at the end of the financial year.
OIOS recommended that the Office urgently establish appropriate mechanisms to respond to the increased number of applications received through the Galaxy system; promote mobility by ensuring improved conditions of service in the various duty stations and the rationalization of administrative procedures; ensure that the e-PAS is linked to a system of tangible rewards and staff input to the implementation of institutional objectives; and systematically carry out training in this area;
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors conduct an assessment of the professional capacity and expertise required for OIOS to provide internal audit services for the administrative and investment activities of the Fund, in accordance with the generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pension funds, and report on the evaluation during its next audit of the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Survey of misuse of an office computer
Financial institutions are required to regularly notify any suspicious commercial transactions and to closely monitor any irregularities.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has considered the report carefully with the assistance of its experts and has written to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to set out its preliminary observations.
This offence is committed by any person who intentionally organizes or facilitates the entry into the national territory of a person who knows, or has good reason to assume, that he is a clandestine immigrant or intends to seek asylum.
The number of women in positions of official representatives at the national and local levels, as well as the level of participation of women, are discussed in previous tables.
- The establishment of formal committees in institutions to assess and report on the situation of academic women.
13.3 The Government is committed to providing a contributory pension scheme as far as possible as possible, and recognizes that persons who have ceased to work in order to assume family responsibilities may be at risk of social security.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Family Violence Act), which, inter alia, deals with restraining orders and judgements of protection and gives Garda wide powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The next revision of the Charter will give particular attention to the possibility of formally refusing to use information services.
Emphasizing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, neo-colonialism, aggression, occupation and foreign domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is indispensable for the full enjoyment by men and women of their rights,
Article 12
States Parties shall accord to men and women the same rights with regard to the law relating to the right to freedom of movement and to choose their residence and domicile.
Workshops
It could also request Working Group I to cooperate closely with Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on the aspects of procurement legislation relevant to electronic commerce.
- Request for information under article 44 (1) of the Banking Institutions Act relating to the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against United States institutions (Runschreiben_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Committee decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have affected the growth of GDP in the region, the uncertainty that they have created has resulted in most of the region's fellowships, where the overall trend in 2002 has been declining with some minor occasional events.
Such plans include improved forecasting, early warning systems and continuous communications between disaster-prone areas or communities and authorities.
UNESCO, ICSU and several affiliated agencies will promote biological diversity conservation activities in which remote sensing and GIS will occupy a large place.
The various issues were the subject of thematic discussions and draft resolutions were presented and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights on the prohibition of forced evictions,
Welcomes the continuing appeal by the Representative of the Secretary-General to the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement in his dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and other relevant actors, and requests him to continue his efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on preparing its deployment within the country.
The remuneration of the other two judges is provided for in the proposed budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Trial Section 1
The elections will be triparties, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Head Ominayak and Lake Lubicon v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX A, para.
Bangladesh is largely governed by the codes of civil and criminal procedure established during the British regime.
It has published and disseminated booklets throughout the country explaining the procedure to be followed and the need for birth registration and marriage registration in order to raise public awareness and obtain active cooperation.
Response to recommendation 46: In its development plans, the Government has followed a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account the changing nature of requests for assistance, as well as the growing need for some types of medium-term specialized assistance aimed at supporting and strengthening the capacity of the Government of the requesting country, in particular the capacity of national electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age for marriage was the same for men and women and whether it was at least 18 years.
UNDP intends to provide greater support to the national reconciliation process, social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of his report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257); it further emphasized that globalization did not give due consideration to the human element, the interdependence of economies did not take into account the right to employment.
His country continued to strive to improve cooperation with the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/....
At the closing date of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of the 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration under article 14, paragraph 1, of the Convention.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 9 of the Convention
However, the periodic report focuses on measures taken to ensure the realization of cultural rights in districts where Greek and Macedonian minorities are traditionally concentrated.
They claim that there has been a violation by Denmark of article 2, paragraph 1 (d), and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
In support of this assertion, the complainant claims that, according to a decision of the High Court of the Eastern Region of 5 February 1999, an incident of racial discrimination does not in itself constitute a violation of the honour and reputation of a person within the meaning of article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“Friends the President,
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno, Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and to Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted in future in the context of the proposed programme budget.
An overview and brief description of the activity will be provided in section B.3.1, with information on, for example, the effects of GHGs and the type and importance of the technology used (e.g. power-based, productive power).
Environmental, economic and sociocultural impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica was a sponsor of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above) would significantly address this issue.
Developing countries should be provided with means of implementation, in the form of new and additional financial resources, of technology transfer to support and capacity-building.
The third World Water Forum, which was held in Japan, developed a plan of action to identify a number of projects worldwide and to establish a web site network to accelerate water activities.
(See the annex to the present document a breakdown of the costs of these activities.
24.61 The provision of $2,995,200 (increase: $465,700) provides for 10 posts (a) (four Professional posts, 6 General Service (Other level)) and (b) costs related to the delayed impact of two posts (1 P-4 and 1 P-3) during the biennium 2002-2003; and (c) non-post resources for the functioning of the Office.
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system and its unique capacity and practical experience in coordinating assistance in conflict and post-conflict situations, inter alia in the area of protection and respect for human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $4588,000
1 P-3b
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, the final recommendations without a vote.
Article 103 provides that elections shall be held by secret ballot unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of an election to a post subject to a single candidate.
(ii) One representative from an Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study and mitigate the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to it at its fifty-eighth session a report on the status and implementation of the Agreement for the Implementation of the Provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982 relating to the Conservation and Management of Straddling Fish Stocks and Highly Migratory Fish Stocks, and related instruments, as well as on the impact of the implementation of the relevant resolutions on fish stocks and related to the comprehensive development of straddling fish stocks and relevant stocks and related to the relevant stocks and related areas of fish stocks and related areas of the relevant to the relevant to fish stocks and related to the relevant to the relevant to the relevant to the implementation of those contained in the relevant to the relevant to the relevant to the relevant to the relevant to the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of straddling fish stocks and related to the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the relevant resolutions of the implementation of the implementation of the relevant resolutions and related areas of the relevant resolutions of the provisions of the relevant provisions of the relevant provisions of the
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under the items entitled “Strengthening the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the question biennially from its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects3
Global Solidarity Fund
Promotion of youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the further progress made in the work of the United Nations system in favour of children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake the comprehensive assessment of the scope and effectiveness of the measures taken by the United Nations system, including recommendations for strengthening, mainstreaming, mainstreaming and continuing those activities, and to submit its findings to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, and to consider the relevant reports to be considered by the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session of the fifty-seventh session;
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility for the results and relevance of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies rests with Member States, and no reform can be achieved, until those in a position to decide seem to be determined to impede the work that we are all supposed to emulate.
The United Nations Millennium Declaration and the Monterrey conferences on financing for development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development have given rise to great hope in the international community, particularly in developing countries, to finally see a stable, just and mutually reinforcing socio-economic order.
That goal can be achieved only through a multilateral and comprehensive approach and through the development of transparent strategies that would enable us to rid the world of nuclear weapons.
- Sports in various types of national sports, support for schools, sections and sports circles for children and young people and acquisition of sports materials.
The programme of awareness-raising for Latin America and the Caribbean, which responds to the needs of the particularly threatened poor communities, has continued to work to develop innovative information and education tools and to forge partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy secretariat, who serves as Secretary.
The barriers that restrict market access, including increases and inflation, restrict exports from developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova for a period of three years.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of the laws, regulations and/or procedures, which in your country controls the transfer of such funds or assets to designated individuals and entities, including:
It is also necessary for the Council to strengthen the political framework of the peace process — in the word, to reinvigorate the momentum of this peace process, which has made progress, as I said at the moment, but which needs to be handed over to the back.
We believe that it is important for someone to become urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of an Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, to which Brazil is participating.
The meeting of the Security Council of 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region for the maintenance of peace and security will be recalled, which culminated in the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy Executive Director of the United Nations Children's Fund
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “the Council has placed Iraq the burden of fulfilling its obligations and disarm, not on the inspectors to find what Iraq has sought to hide for so long.
It is normal that there are a wide range of information related to the organization and administration of these sites and do not have any connection or with the mandate of the inspection teams or with weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The uneven situation with regard to those who could be provided, taking into account the lack of expertise inherited by Timorese society, is another constraint.
The majority of East Timorese continue to engage in subsistence agriculture with extremely rudimentary means of production.
As our bilateral relations grow at all levels, we urge the international community, as well as the United Nations, to support that process.
First, many observations were made on the judiciary.
The President of the Court of Appeal should therefore be sworn into the day of the week.
(b) The project database is divided into two sections - United Nations projects and projects conducted by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; it contains project descriptions and funding needs;
(e) 1.17 The term “performing party” means a person other than the carrier that performs materially [or undertakes to perform] [or does not perform any of the carrier's obligations under a contract of carriage for the carriage, handling, custody or storage of the goods, insofar as it acts, directly or indirectly, at the request of the carrier or under the supervision of the carrier, regardless of the carrier's claim or under the control of the goods.
The definition order has been modified in accordance with that suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of adding one paragraph 1 bis to alternative C, which would read “1 bis.
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is applied by more than one third of the Member States, including some high-income countries, in order to restrict the spread of HIV through the exchange of contaminated eggs.
Most police information systems that have registries in accordance with the Schengen Convention operate as a national database accessible by the Internet and are either fully operational or in the test phase.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces at the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a grant agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to assist infected and affected persons.
Like most of the countries in the region, Zimbabwe relies primarily on donor support for its programmes on HIV/AIDS, but this support has declined since 1999.
Accordingly, the President of the Republic has enacted a law that defines the responsibility of the Chilean State in the prevention of AIDS and sets forth the objective of promoting the prevention and non-discrimination of persons living with the disease.
Venezuela has benefited from the development of cooperation with UNIDO in recent years in areas such as mercury pollution, agro-industries and timber industry, investment promotion, exports and technology.
The practical implementation of the projects under this general framework requires a resolute effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that these financial implications, of €447,836, be included in the programme budget for 2004 under Major Programme 4, Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to ensure that any person brought before a court or court within their jurisdiction is entitled to be present at his trial and to defend himself or herself or to have the assistance of a lawyer of his or her choice;
In 2001, a Ministry for Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, saw the day.
In view of the contribution of women in the economic and social sectors, policies must be adopted as soon as possible to address the social, economic and cultural problems faced by women.
The International Organization for Migration (IOM) has made the fight against trafficking one of its priorities and is working with various United Nations bodies and agencies in this area.
Pakistan welcomes the progress already made in this regard and calls for the implementation in this regard of the procedures for the basic radiation protection standards of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in the context of those principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) expressed disappointment at the outcome of the recent ministerial conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) held in Cancun, and regretted the lack of agreement on the lowering of tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which would have generated US$ 500 billion in income for rich and poor countries and had contributed to the eradication of poverty of some 144 million people by the year 2015.
If nothing is done to remedy it, the injustice of economic globalization will have a negative impact on third-party issues on the first, and poverty, terrorism and disease will also become global.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya had proposed overcoming the problems that impeded its development, both in urban and rural areas and in the desert, but its task was complicated by the presence of mines in its territory.
The plight of the Aral Sea is an example of the problems that arise.
Mr. Bueser (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly for the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action was a marked step towards the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hoped that international protection of the rights of migrant workers, in particular migrant workers, who were most vulnerable to discrimination would be ensured.
In order to provide a fair and rational way to know what can reasonably be presumed about a description of the goods provided by the shipper, the instrument should be modified as proposed in paragraphs 153 and 154 of the commentary.
They often rely on assistance from other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence allowance for activities outside the United Nations
(Supprim)
Rule 207.18 Expenditures by boat
(iv) Where the educational institution is too remote to make it possible to travel on a daily basis, in the region where the staff member is serving and, in the opinion of the Secretary-General, there is no need in this school area that is appropriate to the child, the amount of the allowance shall be calculated at the same rates as those specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
His delegation could not support the proposed consolidation of peacekeeping accounts, which was incompatible with the current Financial Regulations and Rules and could reduce the control that the General Assembly could exercise on each mission.
It would like the Secretariat to indicate what it has done to recruit local staff for the Force's General Service posts, in accordance with the relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO has a total of 66 mangroves projects in 35 countries.
Group 1 Caribbean and North Atlantic region:
(d) It is important to review the implementation of past projects (for example, results, possible follow-up, etc.) and to disseminate lessons learned.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraphs 26 and 27 above, of the amount of 20,051,150 dollars, consisting of:
During the reporting period, a new Government was established in Afghanistan, with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these obstacles is the case of all, and much more active engagement by the international community is expected.
This expansion of the work programme makes it difficult for UNCITRAL to coordinate with the parallel initiatives of various organizations in areas such as electronic commerce, dispute settlement, insolvency, transport law, security interests and private finance infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supported further work on the two draft anti-terrorism conventions, which should be completed expeditiously.
The roster provides the following information:
The follow-up to the implementation of that resolution must be undertaken in a climate of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which was due in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) To adopt measures to improve the physical conditions of detention in correctional facilities and to avoid violence between co-defendants and the use of violence against inmates by prison staff.
2.4 At the same time, the police officer Ljubo Radovic made a statement in the Bozova Glaica neighbourhood to say to his Roma inhabitants that they must immediately start.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to grant reparation and compensation to victims of an act within the meaning of that provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that at no time the complainant has provided details of his alleged torture.
He claims that his return to Sri Lanka would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has ascertained, as required under article 22, paragraph 5 (a), of the Convention, that the same matter has not been examined and is not being examined under another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
2.2 Upon his arrest, the Spanish authorities called for the first time his extradition but the request was subsequently withdrawn because of an error on the person.
(b) The disputed declaration must be a key element of the prosecution against the author of the communication;
5.4 In relation to supporting the allegations that Mr. Azurmendi made his statements under torture, the complainant referred to a CPT report on the specific period in which the disputed statements took place and that:
The complainant's grandfather is the naked mother of Abdullah Öcalan.
1.3 By a note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its observations on the admissibility and merits of the complaint, and also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures, in accordance with rule 108, paragraph 7, of its rules of procedure.
By granting the extradition of Spain, the Federal Office of Justice had de facto accepted evidence obtained by torture.
b No further clarification is given on these issues.
a Country response: 65.
In the meantime, too much would be needed in this area, since there might be contradictions and inconsistencies with the various private international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
The framework for the maintenance of peace and the resolution of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, unfortunately, would justify this change of attitude.
Observer status for the Eastern African Community in the General Assembly (A/58/232 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division works closely with UNDP in the following areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, compliance with agreed definitions and standards and data needs.
The first research has already yielded solid results and has resulted in specific proposals for research and development.
i.
Stresses the vital role that political leaders and parties can and must play in strengthening democracy by combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2003/L.11/Add.4
The relevance means the extent to which an activity is in line with national objectives or is part of these objectives.
They will therefore have the greatest potential to win if the goals are achieved, but they will be most penalized if their interests are not taken into account at the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Board Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with the ongoing political and legislative processes and new institutional arrangements in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint venture formed by the South-Pacific Mining Corporation (SSP), controlled by the Kanaks, and the Canadian company Falconbridge for the construction of a smelter in the North Province to handle nickel from the Koniambo mountains.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand has fallen by 34 per cent and that from Japan by 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea, inter alia, said that, if the goodwill of all parties involved, consideration of the questions of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should be advanced.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would take about four weeks, starting with the date when a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by the aerial bombardments in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action taken
In particular, he provided a detailed analytical commentary to the draft, which UNCITRAL had published as a working paper of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/SDTE/TLB/4).
The estimated requirements for civilian personnel for the 2003/04 period, which cover 256 international staff, 282 national staff and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amount to $28,314,900, representing a decrease of $4,938,300 (14,9 per cent) over the apportionment for the period 2002/03
(a) Financial mechanism: financing under the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance for the major diamond producing, selling or working countries to participate in the self-regulatory system of the Kimberley Process,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
Thus, in the final analysis, the new proposals, although seemingly intractable, appear not only in practical terms in view of the required level of coordination, the broad range of actors that would necessarily be involved and the long duration of the reporting cycle, but may lead not to simplification of processes but to their complication by adding a new level of work, increasing the burden of recipient countries and other actors.
It has cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the bodies, commenting on the request of various United Nations agencies, organizing conferences and seminars, publishing books and pamphlets on selected issues considered by the United Nations system and engaging in persuasion.
Table 1 provides a comparison of the estimates for the biennium 2004-2005 (at the rates of the biennium 2004-2005), the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 57/293 of 20 December 2002 and the actual level of expenditures and income for the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report be produced on a pilot basis for submission to the General Assembly during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
One D-2, Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.
Requirements for travel for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,170,300 (before recosting), or $74,800 more than the appropriation for 2002-2003.
Section 26 Palestine refugees
In the future, it should be explained either in the programme narratives or in the supplementary indications of the distribution of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and between the regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The purchase of firearms and explosives from the informal market must be denounced by the prosecution, the head of violation of the Federal Law on Firearms and Explosives, and punishable by imprisonment and a fine, as well as the confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Consulate
It also notes with satisfaction the detailed written replies submitted by the State party to its list of issues (E/C.12/Q/EC/2).
(l) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic in small arms and light weapons and collecting them (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and measures to strengthen international cooperation to address the world drug problem adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 12.
During the two sessions, additional information was requested on UNCITRAL seminars.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author claims that his son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, since his arrest and on other occasions before his trial suffered serious ill-treatment and because of the inhuman conditions in which he is held.
3.1 The author claims that the persistence of the Czech authorities, including the Czech Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that Act No. 143/1947 is a special discriminatory law and that it is as such null and void, constitutes an ongoing arbitrary, discriminatory and unconstitutional violation of the right of the author to enjoy his inheritance and property, including his right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author further claims that there has been a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, as a violation of article 14, paragraphs 1 and 3 of the same article, having the effect of depriving an accused person of fair trial, also constitutes a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 With regard to the question of the exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the State party's arguments that, in the first instance, the author's dispute did not fall within the jurisdiction of the courts, and in the second time, that under the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, an appeal could now be lodged with the courts.
The State party submits that the author's allegations are contradictory.
The Committee's reasoning in that decision arose from an interpretation of the Covenant that article 6, paragraph 1, was read in conjunction with article 6, paragraph 2, of the same article, which did not prohibit capital punishment for the most serious crimes.
On the same day, the author's counsel also filed an application for appeal in cassation, which was rejected by the President of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Accordingly, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and this part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author claims that his rights have been violated since he was arrested and charged without any evidence of his involvement in criminal activity and that he was brutalized by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his appeal statement, the author had requested a revision of the evaluation of the evidence he considered to be misleading.
With regard to the applicability of the statute of limitations, in respect of both the application of the Constitutional Court and the criminal procedure instituted, the author claims that, in both cases, it was impossible under the anti-constitutional military regime in place at the time to prosecute torturers of political dissidents within the prescribed time frame.
As the State party has not registered a false complaint, and has not provided any other relevant information on the manner in which executions of capital punishment take place, the State party should give due credit to the author's allegation.
4.16 Secondly, the State party argues that the author has failed to show what the actions of the Government constituted interference with his family life.
6.2 With respect to the excessive duration of the period prior to the trial, the Committee points out that the dates to be considered for the determination of the length of delay in the case of the arrest of the author and his trial and not the dates of the alleged crime, namely the date of murder, and the date of the commencement of the trial.
It is not necessary to use only the documents available to the original court in the case and may take into account the elements that were not known when the initial decision was made.
The Committee also considers that the State party has erroneously asserted that it would not have a right to a pension under article 13 of the law on the allocation of ex-combatants and submits that neither of the two bodies responsible for reviewing its application has expressed doubts about its ability to meet the criteria set out in the various paragraphs of article 13.
5.2 As to the Committee's temporal jurisdiction ratione temporis, the author considers that she and his family are victims of a continuing violation of article 7 as they still do not know where the person in question would be.
Witnesses:
He claims that Peruvian judges could have ruled the unconstitutionality of that text if they had been brought before a complaint claiming that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, this time period does not start from the notice of the stay but from the last notice.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance for the voluntary return of detainees to those areas.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed until the consideration of the complaint.
The authors cite the decision of the HREOC insofar as it contains an assessment of the facts of the case, which supports the argument that the Commissioner has taken a wrong decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to reverse the decisions of the Qualification Committees and to reintegrate them into the police.
The authors have before the court in the Tamnes cases, Aursunden 1997 and Korsofjell and the claims for expropriation filed by the authors in the last two cases are pending, but they have not formulated a request for expropriation in the first of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner were relayed by the Western Fjords District Court, which considered, with reference to the judgement of the Supreme Court in the Valencia case, that article 7, paragraph 2, of the Fisheries Management Act was contrary to articles 65 (right to equality) and 75 (Use of employment) of the Constitution.
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, noted that the prohibitions of this kind “shall be fully compatible with the right to freedom of expression provided for in article 19, whose exercise entails special responsibilities and duties”.
He immediately informed the judge that he intended to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that, mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be found to apply in the present case.
3.3 The author claims that he has exhausted domestic remedies and states that the case has not been subject to another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
In addition, the Council of State emphasizes that a dual remedy may be exercised before the Permanent Custodian or the First Instance and then before the Appeal State Council and that such forums may order instruction.
As a result of the arrest of the Minister of the Interior of 16 March 2001, the author was recognized on 13 months of military service for seniority during his promotion at the sixth step of the body of the main prefecture.
In addition, the State's payment of procedural fees has been paid.
Canada, chapter XII, annual report A/48/40/ Vol. II.
6 See Caballero Delgado and Santana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (An annual report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/Ser.L/V III.33 Doc.
The State party refers to similar observations made by the State party in Pauger v. Austria (communication No.
France), decision of 3 April 1989.
Meetings
While some staff have actively opposed new appointments, the Government's commitment is gradually needed.
Security is therefore of crucial importance, whether it is the safety of electoral personnel or the right to participate freely in the ballot.
However, the Judicial Reform Commission has made progress in the areas of infrastructure rehabilitation and training.
The situation of women is still poor.
Recalls Economic and Social Council decision 2001/36 of 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, indigenous peoples' organizations, the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues and all existing mechanisms, procedures and programmes within the United Nations system, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, to provide information as soon as possible, and in any event, to the Council, in particular in the form of a substantive session of the year 2000;
The proposed analysis makes it possible to determine which can legitimately take place at the negotiating table and what items are to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of an interregional workshop to support the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in Small Island Developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
In order to do so, two basic conditions must be met, namely, the existence of a vacant post in which no Azerbaijani citizen has the professional training or skills and the inability of the job-seekers to find a local candidate in accordance with the criteria set by the employer.
The rest and lunch breaks are not counted as working hours.
In 1997, amendments and additions were made to the Social Welfare of Persons with Disabilities Act 1992 which became the Law on the Prevention of Disabilities and the Rehabilitation and Social Welfare of Persons with Disabilities.
The same article also provides that children who cannot be integrated into formal preschools due to their physical or mental disabilities are accommodated in specialized preschools.
The outcome of the eight finalists has been reported to WIPO to participate in international competitive examinations involving licensed and 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) The national budget;
(d) Agriculture;
It is to say that the challenge of good governance is at the core of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play a vital role in the proliferation of weapons.
This could lead to a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
This brochure contains guidelines and information on the various options available once compulsory school has been completed.
The implementation of a programme of feminist study at the University of Iceland is one of the priorities of the Centre for the coming years.
The committee published a programme for equal rights policy for Icelandic University for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall establish the salaries and allowances of the staff of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, in accordance with the standards of the United Nations common system.
b “In Ghana, Hope Arrives via Satellite”, International Herald Tribune, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with IMF
(c) To continue to include in the agenda the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee reiterates its recommendation that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that the children adopted cannot know the identity of their natural parents, even with their majority and even if it is proven to be in their best interests.
(a) The enactment of new legislation and the adoption of several national strategies and programmes, including: Decision No. 347/2002 on programmes of national interest in child protection, street children and children in institutions; Law No. 678/2001 on trafficking in persons; Law No. 197/2000 on violence in the family and on the national strategy against children; National Health Programme; National Children's Programme; and Children's Health; National Children's Programme; National Children's Programme; National Children's Health Programme; and Children's Health Programme; National Health; and Children's Programme; National Children's Health Programme; National Health; National Children's Health Programme; National Health Programme; National Health Programme; National Children's Health Programme; National Children's Health Programme; National Children's Health Programme; National Children's Health Programme; National Children's Health Programme; National Children's Health Programme; National Children and Children and Children and Children and Children's Health; National Children's Health; National Children's Health Programme; National Children's Health Programme; National Health; National Children's Health; National Children's Program; National Children's Health Programme; National Children's
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, the ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning the minimum age for admission to employment and the ILO Convention (No. 182) concerning the Prohibition and Immediate Action for the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour, which the State party has ratified:
(a) To launch information campaigns at all levels and in all regions to eliminate harmful attitudes towards Roma throughout society, in particular among authorities such as police and professionals providing services in the areas of health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their reports regularly and within the time frame.
(b) To develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as the monitoring of racist acts and the collection of data on such acts;
(d) To ensure that the Family Council has adequate resources to carry out its mandate.
At the national level, there is growing recognition of the need to consider development goals and policies from a human rights perspective (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical, to ensure progressively, through all means, and in particular through the adoption of legislative measures, the full realization of the rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms constitutional law, with respect to private sector workers and public enterprises, to establish without prior authorization the organizations they deem appropriate.
This period is considered to be effective for the payment of the salary, irrespective of the agreed remuneration system.
Information on the current living standards of the population
It is considered to be indigence by households who, even if they devote their income to meeting their food needs, cannot adequately meet them.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of housing units built reached a total of 1,076 843, an annual average of 107 684.
As a percentage of the population and housing stock, these figures accounted for less than 4 per cent of the country's population and only 3 per cent of the housing stock.
State housing programmes
With regard to health-care activities, some researchers believe that more than half of the decline in infant mortality is associated with the expansion and coverage of health services.
However, there are still highly binding legal provisions and procedures for the media and journalists.
FILM: Mining Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Act No. 19070 of 1996.
However, it is important that the acts of violent crimes against women be made public in a dignified manner and in respect of the privacy of the victim.
The findings of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be an urgent priority.
Japan hoped that all States would do their utmost to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and would build on the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete steps at the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms and light weapons during the period between us and the Second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If no of the three options have obtained the majority of votes, the one that will have obtained the least votes will be eliminated and a new referendum will be held so that voters may choose between the two remaining options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, shall determine which to vote.
• Women with higher levels of education want fewer children.
Kunst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure for the International Meeting to Review the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
xi.
In their final communiqué, the 10th Islamic Summit Conference, held in Malaysia, invited the Security Council to endorse the road map for the establishment of peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for its implementation within the deadline.
It is important to lay the three main foundations of that goal, as they demonstrate our determination to keep this theme in the long term.
However, the Israeli representative claims that the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption by the Palestinians.
Armenia has continued to implement, for almost 10 years now, its policy of blockade of the Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan of Nakhchivan, thus causing enormous suffering to the civilian population of that part of the country.
It is also imperative that the Government and civil society work hand in hand to encourage the growth and development of our children.
Last year, the States Members of the United Nations adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, including a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have free access to health care and education, which is compulsory.
At the same time, it has managed to reduce expenditures through energy-saving measures.
Takes note with satisfaction of the adoption of the Convention for the Safeguarding of the Intangible Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session on 17 October 2003;
“The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission to Guinea-Bissau, to be carried out by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, which will constitute the first part of a comprehensive mission to West Africa, and looks forward to its findings and recommendations.
The United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (Insolvency Law)* Twenty-eighth session New York, 24-28 February 2003
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
However, the informal translation of article 3 of the Act could provide a description of national measures for the implementation of international sanctions.
Annex
Accordingly, no person who is a victim of such a measure may not obtain a visa from the consulates of Lebanon or the Public Security.
Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Colombia, Ecuador, El Salvador, Estonia, Fiji, Georgia, Ghana, Guatemala, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Honduras, Iceland, India, Kazakhstan, Madagascar, Kazakhstan, Malta, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the United States of America and the Russian Federation of Macedonia, the United States of Sierra Leone, the Russian Federation, the United States of Macedonia, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the United States of Macedonia, the Russian Federation, the United States of Macedonia, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation,
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To examine the question of the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms while countering terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider reviewing and, where appropriate, revise their immigration policy with a view to eliminating all unfair practices with respect to migrants and their families and to provide specialized training to officials responsible for policy development, law enforcement, immigration and other services, including with the assistance of non-governmental organizations and civil society, underlining the importance of fostering an effective and harmonious approach, underlining the importance of building upon the right of non-governmental organizations and of civil society, thus emphasizing the need to strengthen the need to promote effective cooperation in order to foster harmony in order to promote greater respect for the need to promote greater respect for the promotion of the promotion of non-governmental organizations in order to promote cooperation in order to ensure that the promotion of law enforcement, as well-civil society, as well-building for the promotion of law enforcement, inter alia, inter alia, as well-building and cooperation in order to ensure that the promotion of law enforcement and cooperation in order to strengthen the promotion of law enforcement, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, strengthening of law enforcement and cooperation in the promotion of law enforcement, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and that it is essential to ensure the full enjoyment of these rights and freedoms without discrimination,
Thus, not only the occupying Power decided to physically rehabilitate areas that had been fully under Palestinian control, under the agreements reached, but it seems that it would now have decided to also take control of civil affairs in those areas.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 by which the Governing Council of UN-Habitat approved the establishment of the Special Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian People and the Technical Cooperation Fund with a budget of $5 million for an initial period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a broad system of preferences, decided at the second session of the Conference in 1968 has successfully implemented an innovative approach to the issue of developing countries' access to the markets of industrialized countries.
International disciplines and commitments — indispensable for the establishment of an international economic regime based on rules — are beginning to extend to areas that in the past fall within the purview of national Governments.
Special and differential treatment can be useful in addressing economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing and developed countries.
What must be the role of government?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
There will be a meeting of the Joint Coordinating Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The Convention was adopted during the plenary meeting of the General Assembly on 31 October 2003, at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken special measures, although not limited to cases of kidnapping, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims appearing before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane as Deputy Special Representative in Asmara.
After completing its work for 50 minutes, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at http://www.itu.int/wsis/documents.
We have yet to do so at the present time the responses we need to key issues regarding Iraq's past production of chemical and biological weapons, in terms of its capabilities and potential programmes.
Population density and distribution have affected transport and housing emissions.
Some provide for a net increase in emissions from this sector despite the measures taken, adopted and envisaged.
(c) Asile and refuge in several delegations emphasized the need to link the obligation not to grant asylum or refuge to persons suspected of having participated in an enforced disappearance, with the need not to return such persons to a State where they may be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious human rights violations.
Fifty-eighth session
However, other measures might be necessary, since, in their deliberations, specialized intergovernmental bodies generally focus on substantive issues and do not consider the role of the Secretariat, i.e., the activities of the programme of work.
(f) Improved presentation and timing of evaluation reports;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
That date is therefore particularly timely to speak of the non-permanent members of the Security Council, who are with permanent members uphold the principles of the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
A discussion will therefore now begin to review the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on strengthening legal and administrative measures and on the mobilization of international cooperation and coordination to that end, my delegation, without diverting the attention of that effort, would like to emphasize other aspects that could be considered and also mentioned in the report, in particular with regard to South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to know and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and associated individuals and entities could unite different ethnic and national backgrounds by using their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations3 and United Nations funds and programmes4 for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations;2
31.35 The High-level Committee on Management is the primary task of guiding the work of the United Nations system on administrative and management issues throughout the system, and promoting inter-agency cooperation and coordination on these issues on behalf of the Chief Executives Board.
My question is: What can we look forward to new contributions? What, like previous speakers, will be long, and will require significant funding, including coordination and cooperation from other countries with the lead country.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braun, who have made presentations that have caused so many relevant issues on Afghanistan, although there are more or less responses to some of these issues.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report to managers each month on the discrepancies identified and proposes to consider options for improving the updating of regional inventories.
(b) There should be sufficient staffing at Headquarters and in missions to meet the volume of air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces (UNPF)d
United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNOMSIL)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to promote the use of identification systems, including the application of the Object-ID standard, and to encourage the establishment of links between those systems and existing databases, including the International Criminal Police Organization (Interpol), in order to enable the electronic transmission of information in order to reduce the traffic in cultural property, and encourages the promotion of cultural property, and encourages the promotion of the promotion of cultural trafficking in cultural property;
The political process must therefore be broad and open enough to ensure that all Afghans who wish to participate in good faith in political life are able to do so and are not left to an end, which would increasingly encourage them to join the ranks of those who are actively blocking the peace process.
I would now like to provide a clearer picture of the situation by providing the Council with the latest information on specific developments in Afghanistan since the briefing last December.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep conviction that security is an integral and indivisible one.
It could be so if we were to be accepted to release old refuges and abandon nuclear doctrine.
In view of the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution will enjoy the widest possible support from States parties and States not parties to the Convention.
In accordance with this view, at a ministerial meeting of the Quartet, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, introduced the initiative for the adoption of a special Security Council resolution that supports the road map.
The President: Is there any other delegation that wishes to speak at this stage?
In addition, no consensus has yet been reached on issues such as the elimination of unilateral measures (e.g., the prohibitions on export imposed by producer countries and the boycott in consumer countries) as they are incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, several large timber-based enterprises are implementing environmental management systems designed to ensure that timber is safe from sources of environment and society.
It is doing its part in the management of concessions, the development of forest plantations and the downstream processing of forest products.
(i) Urge countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve the timely collection and dissemination of information on the production, consumption, trade and prices of wood and non-wood forest products in order to promote market transparency.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former law, composed primarily of treaties imposed, should be abrogated in their entirety and replaced by more just and equitable legislation, more protect the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years, men are more than women to work because custom wants girls to remain at home later, while boys are beginning to work.
The rights and obligations of marriage are the same for cohabiting; witnesses can attest that a couple has lived under the same roof for at least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501)]
In its resolution 42/11, the Assembly requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to use the expertise and experience gained in the implementation of its global programmes of technical assistance, as well as information collected in the various relevant questionnaires.
Item 8. Other trade and development issues:
UNCTAD collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa in the preparations for the Cancún conference by participating in the High-level Review Meeting of African Trade Negotiators at the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference and the African Union Trade Ministers in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Cancún conference.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries in participating in the Doha work programme in the area of trade and environment continue in close cooperation and coordination with the WTO, UNEP and the United Nations regional commissions, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, and with civil society.
It also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the Kennedy School of Government of the University of Harare, in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachussetts, on 23 and 24 September 2002, where he presented the work of the Commission on ICT development indices.
We also recognize that globalization, and indeed the growth of international trade, offer hope for growth for our peoples.
Last year, in addressing the General Assembly, I referred to the start of the peace process in Sri Lanka and promised to report on progress.
In addition, women participate in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women, which is part of a coordinated and integrated system of development activities, including maternal and child care; thus, equality between men and women in a society that is believed to be in the family unit, high prices for gender equality and respect for family rights.
Developing countries face challenges in the area of development, which can be addressed only through concerted international efforts and support to ensure the necessary political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
Let me address two specific criminal justice issues:
The United Nations must therefore continue to contribute to the process of restoring peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has sought to apply with greater consistency the principles it declares.
Important developments in the global balance of global forces and objectives have occurred since the establishment of the United Nations, 58 years ago.
In line with the conclusions of the Council of Europe in Thessalon, the European Union will continue to support the efforts of the Secretary-General to achieve a comprehensive, just, viable and practical solution to the Cyprus problem, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each committee shall elect its chairman from among its members.
Those arrested or detained must be informed of the grounds for their arrest or detention and of their right to be assisted by a lawyer.
The last publication of the Convention on the Rights of the Child was the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21st meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered section 28, Public information, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and other relevant human rights instruments,
Also regrets that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that the officials or personnel in operation or former officials or personnel of a troop/police contributor that is not a party to the Rome Statute shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of that State in respect of any allegations of acts or omissions arising from the multinational force or of the United Nations stabilization force in Liberia or with a formal exception thereof;
Also requests the working group to examine the information presented and to report its comments and recommendations to transnational corporations, other enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other sources of information thereon;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, sponsored by Mr. Chen Shiqiu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Mbonu, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Dominicans for Justice and Peace
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could join a certain level in ensuring an exchange of information on the needs of users and with a broader objective of integrating GNSS and supplementing its basic infrastructure in developing countries.
Governments do not measure the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and disease control.
Expected results
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is developing a synthesis document, to which CPF members contribute, to assessing the relationship between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, subparagraph (f), provides: “Any person arrested or detained shall be formally charged and brought before the competent court within 48 hours” and “there shall be no pre-trial detention”.
(f) Support to the Peace and Security Council for the implementation of humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Protocol on the Establishment of the African Union Peace and Security Council;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is an area that could greatly benefit from education and awareness-raising programmes.
Some sources indicated that in some areas, the principle of accountability was relatively well applied, but that this was essentially due to the personalities involved.
Decides to include the following items in the agenda of the third session of the Committee for the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intends to review this initiative, as well as the issue of debt sustainability, at its fall meeting.
This meeting will provide policymakers with an opportunity to address issues related to development cooperation.
Gender mainstreaming in all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Office of Legal Affairs made several statements in explanation of the rules of procedure of the Council.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
For example, we are in a phase to launch our political tools, particularly those relating to flexibility criteria.
Recruitment staff will need training beyond the completion of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report gives us an overview of the Council's work over the past year in its area of responsibility, namely, the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) To assist in optimizing the relevance of the work of the General Assembly and the Council and to ensure the establishment of arrangements to monitor their effective implementation, including by linking the outcomes of the high-level segment of the Council to the deliberations of the General Assembly;
10.16 Expected accomplishments include: (a) the enrichment of the Government's knowledge base, expertise and management tools and relevant institutions, with a view to improving their capacity to implement environmental policy; and (b) the development of innovative technical cooperation agreements for the establishment and use of appropriate and environmentally sound technologies; and (c) the development by Governments of institutional mechanisms to respond to environmental emergencies;
These activities cover, inter alia, the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary drug prevention for young people; the diversification of drug abuse treatment and rehabilitation services; the development of policies and strategies; training and capacity-building; and the identification and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 Conservation and sustainable management of forest ecosystems in Central Africa
Strategy
(d) Promoting the use of information and communication technologies and space technology applications, including by facilitating adaptation to local conditions or transfer of best practices.
The number of indicators of achievement would include: (a) the number of ESCAP members and associate members and the new initiatives they have undertaken to improve their ICT policies and institutional frameworks; (b) the number of national training centres for modern ICT and technical cooperation among developing countries implemented with the assistance of ESCAP; and (c) the establishment of a regional cooperation mechanism on space applications;
Strategy
The achievement of the targets will be determined by faster assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; more prompt and coordinated interventions in disaster-affected countries; greater participation in training courses on disaster management; enhanced field and regional cooperation; and increased donor response to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation to reduce the impact of the El Niño phenomenon
Programme 26 Least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and victory (Seoul, 26 February 2002)
Ms. Olendi (Mexico) said that in three years of exercise of power, the Government of Mr. Vicente Fox had laid the foundations for a full exercise of human rights.
In this regard, his delegation endorsed the recommendation of the Acting High Commissioner that efforts should be made to create a culture of tolerance and respect for others and not violence.
New laws are needed, but the most important challenge is not the adoption of laws, but in their practical application.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the Fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their reduced mobility can prevent them from leaving even when water is contaminated, land is planted by mines and supply sources are cut off.
Such services should be developed and the formulation of a social contract that is politically viable.
This statement is also aimed at strengthening cooperation in order to improve the enforcement of laws, provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and the special recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering (FATF).
Ms. Knowledgeles (Australia) recalled that about one year ago, 88 Australians had died and 202 were injured as a result of the Bali terrorist attack.
However, in exceptional cases where organizations can be established, relevant decisions must be binding and the creation of the new institution derives from the functions of the organization that has created it.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (Second Committee matters)
The BRF has worked on specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in the Fiji financial system.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its one-year response capacity.
The declaration is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve or transfer the encumbered assets, such as material repairors, hold a security right, which generally pays security rights in the same encumbered assets in guarantee of other claims.
Regulatory and other non-lethal equipment
The terms of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP should be expanded as much as needed (capacity and resources) and those of the project document relating to the Interim Authority;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies in supporting the economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Support to the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsor of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Commending the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
Among men, the decline is even more net, since the proportion rose from 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, within the manufacturing sector itself, a new distribution of production has been supported by the production, which desiring into the production of shoes and clothes for the benefit of electronics, engineering and health-related production.
It is proposed that family therapy be provided to families with drug abuse or play.
An important initiative was the removal of illegally handed over to Armiri, with the joint operation with the Land Department.
Land is returned to the owners or their heirs as if their acquisition by the State had never taken place, provided that the land owners are subject to the cadastre in the three months after restitution.
In fact, the situation was regarded as unjust vis-à-vis Maltese donors and the amendments made in 1995 to the 1944 Ordinance on the Limitation of Housing Terminals, the 1959 Housing Awards Ordinance and the Ordinance of 1931 regulating the renewal of urban property make it impossible to apply to the rental lease agreement contracted on 1 June 1995 or after that date the restrictions imposed by the above-mentioned legislation.
The programme consists of several integrated programmes that include: previous services (e.g. the design (e.g. frequent misconceptions, genetic counselling service), prenatal consultation, difficult deliveries, special care for infants, periodic examinations of infants, vaccines, free of charge, school medicine, ill-treatment centre and child development evaluation.
Municipal councils re-engineering and move district clinics, while NGOs are particularly concerned with organizing special services to disadvantaged groups of the community, such as persons with disabilities and drug users.
The Roman Catholic Church provides its own school buildings and facilities, but is also responsible for maintaining and financing the possible expansion.
Candidates for academic studies must have successfully examined the baccalaureate, which merely gives access to university and must also meet the special conditions for admission to certain studies.
As a strategy for development, NEPAD encompasses virtually all aspects of the socio-economic and political structures of society, such as development planning, sound economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, security, security, agriculture, health and education, among other basic elements of progress.
However, the problem we face in this regard is that the forum mandated by the General Assembly to address the issue of Security Council reform — that is, the Open-ended Working Group on Council reform — has not been able to make significant progress since it has been established under General Assembly resolution 48/26 in 1993.
1.6 The Committee would like to receive information on the conclusions reached by the Commission established by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Waqfs, referred to in pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report with regard to the enforcement of criminal law with international offences.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current and potential use of United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability” carried out by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Disability of the University of Galway, Ireland, at the request of OHCHR, analyses the provisions of the six United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability and reviews the functioning of the United Nations human rights system.
State measures 9 - 22 6
In this regard, OHCHR supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the proposed supplement thereto.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or their modification, a simple interpretative declaration, contrary to a ordinary reservation, may be formulated at any time.
It was also questioned whether it should be confined to unilateral acts in strict or expanded to certain types of conduct of States that could produce legal effects.
But the 26 million Iraqis deserve.
There is an urgent need for the message of the inspectors mandated by the Security Council and to provide the necessary responses.
The inspections cannot continue indefinitely without prompt, active and effective cooperation in Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the question of Palestine
I believe that President Bush's announcement last Friday, that the Quartet would present the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible Prime Minister with sufficient authority would be confirmed, is an important measure on which we must build.
Accordingly, the Secretary-General's proposals to reduce the additional amounts are limited to those indicated above, and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the Commission's guidelines, the Special Rapporteur has consistently paid special attention to the issue of gender-based distinctions.
Requests for approval are registered in a register (RCA).
The process of ratifying the Convention is being successful.
In expected accomplishment (a), replace “social problems” with “social development issues”.
Malawi would like all States to take steps to defend and promote the functions and credibility of the Court and to strengthen its jurisdiction and independence, which must be vigilant and to secure the unequivocal undertaking of all States; it should also be carefully selected by the officials of the Court, particularly judges whose personal integrity and independence must be above all suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) — The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands notes that the Netherlands courts do not consider that most economic and social rights are directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members also have before them document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
It was jointly developed by the United Nations and national organizations dealing with issues of interest in the sustainable development of oceans and the progress of the oceanography, under the primary responsibility of FAO and under the chairmanship of a steering committee and a technical committee, which has coordinated the work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
In order to meet the assessment needs of the Convention, the Global Assessment should include an assessment of biological diversity at the ecosystem, species and genes.
Special Unit for the Review of Global Policy (guidance report)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: Environment and Sustainable Development)
She thanked the main managers for the information provided on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in the management of the human resources of the Organization.
Expert meeting on the definition of environmental goods and services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, however, the poor performance of private enterprises and social dissatisfaction are of concern.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of the draft resolution (A/C.3/58.L.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
But policy reforms and capacity-building in developing countries should also be introduced.
OHCHR also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations Country Team, as well as with ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The Technology Transfer and Foreign Investments Act 1992 liberalized FDI inflows and guaranteed the repatriation of profits and capital.
We note that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and military actions faced by Palestinian civilians, Prime Minister Sharon's Government is acting to support the peace process.
The Palestinians want to end the occupation with certainty that they will have a truly viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, enshrined in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without distinction of any kind, including sex,
In particular, the support provided intensive training to teachers, administrators and evaluators at the provincial level.
The group referred to the various forms of education under article 6 and noted that there were several organized, formal and non-formal activities directed at children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Awareness (Chairperson: Ms. Višnja Gegasović, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauser, Switzerland)
Thus, article 139 of the Penal Code stipulates that “the conspiracy to commit any of the offences referred to in this section shall have the same penalties as those imposed on the actual commission of the act”.
Under article 148 as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001, forced labour is punishable by any person who produces, possesses or carries knowledge of any kind of explosive or inflammable material or any toxic, inflammatory, infectious, bacteriological, bacteriological, chemical, radiological or assimilated, as well as any part of these materials, to commit terrorist acts or to allow others to use them for that purpose.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening the role of the United Nations in enhancing the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and in promoting democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of United Nations peacekeeping operations
The “E3” Panel found that Van Oord was entitled to compensation for some of its tangible property losses but recommended no compensation for its other claims.
It is further noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its capacity to support the Counter-Terrorism Committee when necessary, the Department for Disarmament Affairs should draw the attention of the public to the risk of the use of weapons of mass destruction as part of terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that much remains to be done to achieve the objectives and priorities set out therein;
(h) Closed circuit television services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
They discussed, inter alia, agreements and institutions aimed at improving the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment and Marine Environment of the South-East Pacific and the Plan of Action; the Convention for the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment in the Caribbean Region and its Protocol on specially Protected Areas and Life; the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Baltic Sea Region;
Another suggestion was that the main bodies that needed to be involved in the consideration of cluster subjects should prepare joint reports to be submitted to groups at the beginning of the meetings, with the focus on the scope and nature of inter-agency coordination in the areas of treaties, in order to complement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea, whose preparation should continue to be made for distribution before the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In paragraph 19, at the second line, the word “education” is to replace with the word “information” and, in the fifth line, the words “shall decide to provide any assistance in this regard” should be replaced by the words “and welcomes the invitation extended to the Chairman of the Special Committee to assist Tokelau in September 2003”.
On the occasion of a presentation on the effects of the structural adjustment on human development, which he delivered at a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki identified three main characteristics of structural adjustment and stabilization programmes: they are of a limited nature; they have a strong share of capitalism and weakened State power.
Any attempt to link the prohibition of future production and the issue of existing stockpiles would have the effect of unnecessarily prolong negotiations and harm nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament.
(a) In the election of additional members, the General Assembly will respect the following distribution of seats:
According to the World Bank, housing costs increased by 12 per cent during the first 15 months of the second intifada.42, 43 per cent.
The PRCDAR is an implementing agency that reports directly to the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority have been given, the refugees of the camps have replaced and modified their homes and added others.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea on the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union was also firmly committed to promoting gender equality and the empowerment of women and believed that the perspective of gender equality should be integrated into development strategies and policies at all levels, including in the United Nations.
There are currently two women district leaders on a total of 141.
As for the World Health Organization, it employed four women and six men.
Despite the compulsory nature of the primary school enshrined in the 1991 Constitution, the problems are acute in this level of education.
The success rate was 71 per cent in total and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the tertiary technical education sector, primary discipline was as follows:
Women dominate the trade sector, where the women's ratio is 2 to 1, textiles and clothing production, and the food industry other than rice melting.
According to the study, only 37 per cent of women had already used a condom.
(BAD, 1996; Schenk-Sendbergen, etc. 1995).
The village head is assisted by a deputy but out of a total of 12, 491 deputy, only 101 are women.
Our work on small arms and light weapons has many aspects, but the human aspect must remain our guide.
We also wish to ensure the success of the Review Conference in Nairobi, Kenya, which will contribute to achieving that goal.
At the same time, it is important to control weapons and impose restrictions so as to create an adequate balance between legitimate security needs and the unnecessary loss of innocent lives, resulting from irresponsible policies in the field of the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
In addition, she would like to know whether there were figures showing the number of men and women working in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. Gonzalez asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Reproductive and Sexual Rights referred to in paragraph 420 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Service on Health and Reproductive and Sexual Rights, referred to in paragraph 421, were two separate or silent institutions and whether they dealt with rights in itself or only with health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to take into account, within the negotiating process, the contributions of the United Nations system and relevant international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties will hold regular meetings in accordance with its rules of procedure.
The Chairman, however, hoped that each organization represented at the meeting would, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources, as appropriate, establish a mechanism for the exchange of information.
Other matters
“ Welcomes the decision of the Government of Benin to host a regional preparatory conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of effective measures, including new financial mechanisms, in support of the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, poverty reduction and strengthening their democratic systems, while reaffirming that it is the primary responsibility of each country to ensure its economic and social development and that national policies play a leading role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of the following countries: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Belize, Brazil, Canada, Chile, China, Cyprus, Denmark, Ecuador, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, Norway, New Zealand, Norway, Peru, Poland, Portugal, Poland, Russian Federation, Slovakia, Poland, Slovakia, Poland, Poland, Poland, Slovakia, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Poland, Russian Federation, Russian Federation, Spain and United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of Arab States, Spain and the United Kingdom, Spain, Spain, Spain, the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the United States of the United States of the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom of the Russian Federation, Spain and the United States of the United States of America and the United States of America and the Russian Federation, Spain and the Russian Federation, Spain and the United States of America and the United States of America and the United States of America
They are derived from the report of the Secretary-General on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, tables 1 to 4).
A woman was appointed as a temporary Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (with effect from 1 January 2003) and another was recently appointed Humanitarian Envoy of the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with effect from 10 January 2003).
The severe respiratory disease has shown that regional and international cooperation is essential in addressing the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives aimed at enhancing the effectiveness and visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the riots in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country appeared to have returned shortly to normal.
It is necessary to ensure, through training courses and sufficient support, that the standards currently being developed give rise to best practices in the field.
(i) There is an urgent need to do so;
[(c) [In order to avoid doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, inter alia, to rule on all matters raised by the provisions [of subparagraph (b)] above or relating to them];]
Mr. Nesser (Sweden) endorsed the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/264);
Expressing its grave concern at the continuing Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, the relevant United Nations resolutions and agreements reached between the parties, including the ongoing construction and expansion of the settlements in Jabal Abu Ghounim and Ras el-Amoud in and around Occupied East Jerusalem,
International cooperation in the area of environmental protection should focus on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening of relevant bodies in the field of sustainable development at the national, regional and local levels, as this would help developing countries to better respond to the challenges of climate change.
In order to ensure environmental sustainability, global environmental conventions need universal support.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by adopting the necessary laws or regulations to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement a system such as Sédoc, due account must be taken of the organization of the Secretariat, as set out in Secretary-General's bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5 of 12 September 1997, according to which (section 1) “The Secretariat, which is one of the principal organs of the United Nations, is located in New York.
Level 5 provides representatives with access to documents that are reserved for participants, such as conference room papers (CRP), in addition to available documents at the level.
In reviewing the websites of the organizations or agencies whose official documents are posted on the ODS, it was noted that some of them did not indicate that the documents in question could be consulted through that system.
The initial system has responded to needs for almost 10 years, which is much if technical innovation is seen.
Such identification must sometimes be performed manually; the task is laborious and takes a lot of time (from three to six months) and it represents additional work when staff resources are scarce.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, on 5, 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some are even suspected of assisting others in acquiring weapons of mass destruction, while some would seek to acquire such weapons, or are not able to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge posed by terrorism as a new and real threat to the international arena, introduces a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
It was attended by representatives of 117 States, as well as observers for services from the United Nations Secretariat, United Nations bodies and research institutions, specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme Network and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I am encouraged by the work of the Security Council Ad Hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa, the Economic and Social Council Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three areas in which ECLAC wished to act as a priority during the biennium 2004-2005, namely, policies for the promotion of equality and poverty reduction in the region; national policies to strengthen the links between economic and social development and current globalization; and integration of environmental perspectives into government policies in the region.
The first group met with the Director of the plant, to whom he asked questions about the material produced by the plant, the problems encountered in production, and the effects on production.
Expressing its appreciation to those countries that continue to host Afghan refugee populations and at the same time calling once again upon all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations with regard to the protection of refugees and displaced persons and to enable international agencies to provide assistance and protection to those persons,
(ii) intergovernmental organizations;
Special arrangements for annual or longer-term financial contributions by the Government of the country in which the Centre is located (hereinafter referred to as “the host Government”) by any other member of UNIDO or any intergovernmental organization with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between the Governments or organizations concerned and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They noted that the Evaluation Office might disperse its efforts and might lose its effectiveness.
Type: Satellite
The following year, Nauru was placed even lower; the members of the Group had placed it on the list of “measures”, not because of the weakness of our laws, but because the rules of the game had changed and we did not have the capacity to oversee the offshore banks registered in Nauru.
In addition to combating weapons of mass destruction, it is absolutely urgent to address the problem of small arms and light weapons that play a role in conflict and insecurity in many of our countries.
Regrettably, it would appear that, for a very small number of Member States, the issue does not result in a problem of formulation or terminology, but that it involves other factors that, very frankly, we have difficulty making full use.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account the differences between States with regard to the scope of criminal legislation, including on prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornographic material.
Corrigendum
In addition, a few girls' schools are established and are used as a day-day meals to encourage their students not to leave school.
There are no data on the level of illiteracy of rural women.
To be held in eight months, on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Notes the importance of the ongoing bilateral peace negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security in promoting mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
To negotiate a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks that the irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines leads to human beings.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of its mandate contained in resolution 57/61, to review the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO looks forward to working with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national action plans and to form the implementation programme.
To date, taking into account the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the recent meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes are permitted; many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on the way forward in translating all previous commitments into action and establishing new commitments for the full implementation of the objectives of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomed the outcome of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development, which had significantly clarified the methods and future work of the Commission.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that have participated in these difficult consultations over the past few months, whose commitment and dedication have enabled us to adopt the resolution today.
The overall management of reform and judicial review remains the responsibility of the National Transitional Government of Liberia, with assistance from international expert organizations under the leadership of the United Nations through the knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[In the case of afforestation or reforestation project activities under the CDM for which CERs are issued] a designated operational entity shall periodically verify and certify that appropriate assurance is in progress during the reporting period.
The amphetamine continues to be manufactured mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should have a priority to ensure that all their services work together and pool their resources and expertise to combat drug trafficking.
This mode of management and use is also essential for the quality of extensive grazing and soil conservation.
Annex II
The State of Victoria (Australia) assists the Fiji police in the use of rays and provides training materials on road safety.
If those who resort to traffickers deliberately do so, they are nevertheless very exposed to ill-treatment during their perished times, including extortion by corrupt representatives of immigration authorities or other law enforcement officials.
It is hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in peace and security will renew the concept of cooperation of all countries in favour of peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of General Assembly resolution 377 (V) adopted by the General Assembly in 1950.
The crew of the “Shenzou”, who wants to say “seipin” in Chinese, stole in space and is healthy and not on Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the recent killing, violence and other human rights violations and atrocities in Bunia, as well as the recent attacks on the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and the displaced persons who have been refugees in the Mission's premises, and reaffirms that such acts will not remain unpunished and that their perpetrators must be held accountable.
Appendix A to the Rules
Under the operative paragraphs of the second draft resolution, entitled “Model legislative provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on privately financed infrastructure projects”, the General Assembly would be grateful to the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law for the successful completion and adoption of model legislative provisions, request the Secretary-General to issue them and recommend that all States should give due consideration to the model legislative provisions or legislative provisions adopted by the Legislative Guide.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/515)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, Rwanda, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court ruled against him, in public hearing, six years' imprisonment and six months from the head of tax evasion and in violation of the obligation to hold accounts.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Subject matter of reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, Chair of the SBI, and Mr. Hallor Thorgeirsson, Chair of the SBSTA, presented the objectives of each workshop and indicated the expected results.
The workshop, which was intended for officials from Asian countries responsible for preparing reports under article 18 of the Convention, focused on States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
As the economic situation had improved, the Government had adopted a two-pronged approach to gender mainstreaming in its strategies and to develop gender-sensitive policies and programmes that would enable it to more systematically address gender-based discrimination.
It also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns be conducted for parliamentarians, including judicial authorities and legal professions.
In the light of all these elements, I would like once again to request the Council to consider carefully international measures that will ensure the necessary security for the progress of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I would like to reiterate that the Government of Kenya is committed to fully implementing the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other relevant international instruments.
The Secretary-General is of the opinion that the Institute's expenditures for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including salaries for the nine existing posts (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service) would amount to $970,300.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has proven to be effective in terms of time-consuming economy, efforts and resources.
(b) Such guidelines will be incorporated into the programme presentations instructions for 2004, and will include, as recommended in the audit of staff training, direct costs for the design, development and implementation of training activities funded through the administrative budget, and training projects run by the Personnel Development Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution as a whole (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document consists of three parties.
Compilation and synthesis of experiences on actions taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priorities and actions taken by Annex II to implement decisions 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE can, within its verification mandate, ensure that the parties discharge their security responsibilities with respect to the employees of the sub-contracting enterprises of the Boundary Commission working in the field, and intervene in extreme situations to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs set out in the present document are purely indicative.
However, only eight countries, compared with the target of 19 countries, reached their completion point in mid-2003.
On 22 October 2003, between 2400 and 015 hours, an enemy Israeli reconnaissance aircraft flew over the sea off Beirut, 20 kilometres of coast, headed by Jubail and up to the west of Shakka (kkk miles).
On the same day, at 2149 hours an Israeli military boat fired a flare bomb into the waters described above.
The Secretariat should strictly adhere to the six-week rule governing the issuance of documents and all relevant General Assembly resolutions and regulations, in particular the texts that require that the United Nations should refrain from publishing documents on paper or on its website until they are available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation had never been more favourable to women than in 2003.
Scotland will examine in the near future the possibility of expanding the scope of these prohibited.
The annual budget for childcare services for 2003-2004 will be more than three in 2000-2001 and these additional funds are mostly earmarked for the most disadvantaged areas.
Within the framework of the priorities of action for 2002-2003, the objective of a participation rate of 72 per cent by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 has been set.
Objectives have been set for reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies among teenage mothers and measures are planned to improve communication, promote education and provide women with user-friendly services.
Under the Scottish Health Plan adopted in December 2000, Our National Health: a plan for action is for change, NHS must ensure that health personnel are equal, professional and culturally appropriate, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The directors of all NHS organizations in Scotland also personally committed to implementing the programme by signing the Leadership Challenge of the Commission for Racial Equality (the Race Equality Commission).
A concerted effort has been made to improve services in rural areas, such as schools, police, childcare and services.
The Court is developing a draft partnership with advisory bodies that could involve the equipment in electronic connection with the proposed business centres, courtroom rooms and plaintiff.
A strategy is being developed with two main objectives: reaching more women and children and raising awareness about their security and protection options; and reducing social tolerance of such offences to no longer be excused, tolerated or ignored.
In this context, we believe that, as was said at the last session of the Committee, there is an urgent plan to expedite this process of renegotiation of the financial amendments of those contracts.
We hope that all the issues highlighted by the Head of the Office for the Iraq Programme, in his report to the Council on 29 September this year, which is still unresolved or not agreed upon, can be resolved fully in order to ensure that the transfer is made in the best and timely manner.
It is probably useful to anticipate the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as had already been attempted to do by Philip Alston as an independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the unsatisfactory facts and serious challenges that must be overcome and overcome if we are to take lasting peace and development without need.
Table 2 Number of donors that reported multi-year contributions to UNFPA regular resources, 2000-2003, by region (as at 28 February 2003) (in millions of United States dollars)
In a democracy, the majority of Canadians have the responsibility to choose the rules to which it wishes to join, and in recent years Canadians have, in their majority, shown that they wish less violence, both in real life and in the media.
Research demonstrates that, in the area of crime issues, it is necessary, only for financial reasons, to change and focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided that the term of office of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and would begin on 3 November after the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted by consensus resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of the present report).
The Court's proposed budget is dictated by its primary purpose, namely, fair public trials within a reasonable time.
A second technician retains the Office of the Prosecutor's database and provides all necessary technical support for the daily use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, which is consistent with the same functional approach as used for other major programmes, is intended to ensure the greatest effectiveness through the establishment of a common services package at both the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions involve the establishment of three separate subgroups in the Victims Participation and Compensation Unit in 2004, namely, the Participation Subgroup, the Compensation Subgroup and the Fund Subgroup for the benefit of victims.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and Documentation Section
Performance indicators
• Travel (including security officers for the Prosecutor, the President, judges and deputy staff travelling to high-risk areas)
It would also advise on internal legal issues related to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Deputy Executive Director explained that the amount of the contribution was only one aspect of the calculation: if the other two criteria — payment of interest and contributions to thematic funds — were met, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
He also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the rule of law and would like to receive more details on that issue.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
It was, however, not the modification of an existing reservation but the formulation of a fully new reservation.
The Office has developed a comprehensive document on legal and judicial reform, which provides an update on the progress achieved over the past decade, in preparation for the midterm meeting of the Donor Advisory Group, to be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also emphasize the need for more intensive use of peaceful settlement of disputes, as contemplated in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
In reviewing peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be advised on how to offer the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society groups; the new measures have been the subject of a relatively strong consensus in the government coalition and it is hoped that the regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28 to 31 January and 29 and 30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are crucial for the sustainability of the human species and the environment. Our traditional knowledge systems must be respected, encouraged and protected; our collective intellectual property rights must be recognized and guaranteed, without prior and informed consent, of traditional knowledge holders, such knowledge must not become public, and cultural and intellectual property is protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further details and proposals on the structure during the intersessional period.
It may be aggravated from 5 to 10 years and the fine of 50,000 to 1,000 FCFA if it is determined that the offender has habitually engaged in this activity.
- 1 Deputy Secretary-General;
The Civil Code, which regulates family relations, proclaims in its Articles 78 and 80 that the human person is subject to the right from birth and to death, and has the enjoyment and exercise of all private rights unless otherwise provided.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been established to ensure the effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of entry through land, permission to enter may be obtained at the borders from delegations of immigration and border authorities.
Annex
There are no such differences between men and women in other diplomatic ranks.
The recognition of the values and potential of assistance that non-governmental organizations can provide to government institutions is reflected in the Croatian Government's Programme of Cooperation with the non-governmental sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Belize) said that Taiwan's exclusion from the United Nations violated the principles of universality and self-determination enshrined in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
Concern was also expressed that the inclusion of the “or commitment to the implementation of” would not make the definition too broad.
However, concern was expressed that alternative B did not expressly refer to the carrier's liability and that its paragraph 1 indicated that the carrier was “guided by its responsibility” without first defining that responsibility.
The Working Group as a whole approved the substance of the paragraph.
* “Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Gabon, India, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Kenya, Malaysia, Uganda, Pakistan, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Sri Lanka, Swaziland, Thailand, Togo, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play an equally vital role in other situations of tension, such as the question of Palestine.
It is the Iraqi regime that it has always responsibility to avoid war.
I would like to highlight the valuable contributions of many speakers before me, who have greatly enriched our debate on this very important issue.
My delegation listened carefully to the comments made by Member States of the United Nations during this debate.
A point of departure could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that he said should guide our decisions in the future of Iraq.
The Security Council, and will continue to bear, the primary responsibility for global peace and international security.
My Government is fully committed — and will continue to do — in the fight against international terrorism.
We must be mindful of the fact that there are peoples who are living under foreign occupation and who under international law are entitled to resist such an occupation.
We also take other measures to enhance cooperation in this area with other Central Asian States.
It is said:
Special allocations to the “resident coordinator support line” will continue to be used in support of coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3 above, the Administrator shall provide in its budget proposals for the funding of UNDP funds, separate credits for approval by the Executive Board.
It will provide its partners with the lessons learned and proven practices in order to ensure that their policies and programmes address the concerns of poor women, those affected and infected with HIV/AIDS, those in conflict and post-conflict situations and those that are otherwise excluded from participation in decisions affecting their lives and choices.
This proposal therefore does not intend to reduce the recovery rate to take into account the interest earned, which is currently about 2 per cent.
The ceiling support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 was $7.3 million.
In order to compare with changes in the volume of activities approved for the current budget period, the increase or decrease is expressed with the same factors used for the approval of the appropriation.
Urban Secretariat
Burkina Faso indicated that it had initiated the ratification process.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter of 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report from Indonesia to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of issues before the Council is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
Reforestation and afforestation contribute to poverty alleviation in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization had led to a decline in government revenues due to reduced tariffs and taxes, and therefore reduced public spending, particularly in the social sector.
Clarification was sought regarding the joint group of the Commission on Human Rights/WTO proposed by the independent expert; some delegations, stressing the need for human rights issues, including the right to development, to be discussed in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, said that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, the above-mentioned delegations called for enhanced cooperation, trade and South-South regional integration.
One speaker said that the working group itself was already a follow-up mechanism and that there was a need to remain in place to review national studies and experiences and monitor the implementation of the outcome of United Nations conferences.
In this context, the working group agreed that States should, inter alia, strive to eliminate obstacles to exports from developing countries and to eliminate in some economic sectors subsidies that affected exports from developing countries.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate this work, including recommendations, as appropriate.
The group asked the Director of the project on water treatment methodology, the quantities of chlorine consumed annually, the quantities of chlorine by water, the number of employees and entities providing chlorine.
It also emphasizes the importance of effective, responsible and predictable collaboration in this area.
Case studies
Once again, the use of the right of veto, on 14 October, prevented the adoption of a resolution considered by all as a balanced one — a resolution that only called upon Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territories by force and to consider that the separation wall is illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its multi-year leadership development programmes, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, encouraged enhanced national leadership in a number of countries — Cambodia, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal and Swaziland — and in the Caribbean region.
List of tables 10
Analysis and valuation 287 84
Iraq's written response to this claim can be summarized as follows:
These instruments include the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in the atmosphere, outer space and water (the Treaty on the Partial Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons), the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Prohibition of the Use of Nuclear Weapons and the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons of Nuclear Weapons of Nuclear Weapons of Nuclear Weapons and the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Comprehensive Nuclear Weapons and the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons of Nuclear Weapons and the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons of Nuclear Weapons and the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons of Nuclear Weapons on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons of Nuclear Weapons of Nuclear Weapons of Nuclear Weapons on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons of Nuclear Weapons and the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Non-Proliferation
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and implemented on 23 June 1961, established the first continental demilitarized zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had been unable to join the consensus reached in the draft resolution.
Iraq had subsequently recognized that it had not paid attention to those changes.
I think that if we are honest, we must acknowledge that the end of the innocence has come, no need to do so.
The final part presents the conclusions.
General implications: Development can only be achieved and poverty reduction if productivity gaps within and between countries are reduced through the mobilization of skills, know-how, technology and information in developing countries, with equitable and sustainable development.
That is why institutional capacity-building, skills development and entrepreneurship are also critical for the success and impact of UNIDO's technical cooperation programmes; in that context, it is proposed here for UNIDO's technical cooperation activities to provide a new approach that would enable more focused and effective use of the experience and expertise of professionals provided in the eight clusters.
The German-allemand Treaty establishing a monetary, economic and social union entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German-allemand agreement on preparations and organization throughout Germany for the first election to the Bundestag on 3 September of the same year.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights are binding at the national level due to the ratification of these instruments, but also because under article 25 of the Basic Law they have a higher authority over ordinary laws and directly create rights and obligations for the inhabitants of the federal territory, insofar as they may be interpreted as general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties have devoted a separate chapter to the issue of public participation (Australia, New Zealand, Sweden), but many have addressed the issue from another angle, regarding the participation of NGOs and policymakers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) or as a general principle (Italy).
Others believe that participation includes public participation in the development of climate change plans, programmes and policies (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict, it is essential to maintain a minimum of environmental cooperation in order to safeguard natural resources and to prevent threats to the health of people and the environment permanently degraded.
When considering the construction of new sewage treatment facilities, the re-use of such waters should be provided.
The quality of the sewage is dumped into oreds, watercourses and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be in line with the latest international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo II Agreement, the settlement in Ramat Hovav in Israel should be used.
Second performance report on the programme budget
Mr. Barriga (Liechtenstein) said that the past year had been a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in the area of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Special measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including improved access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as the introduction of multilingualism and teaching of indigenous languages and cultures to promote better understanding among cultures.
Upon receipt of additional information and clarification from the auditors, the Committee considered the item during several formal and informal meetings, and several proposals on ways to address this issue were submitted by the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, respectively.
First, all individuals have a duty to help the public, depending on their means, fully fulfil its fundamental role.
Article 12
(g) It is important to request special rapporteurs and representatives to carry out their assigned functions and to remain engaged in matters beyond their competence.
The Committee is of the view that the Special Information Programme on the Question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has been instrumental in informing the media and public opinion on the situation.
The Arabs have sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, which, as indicated in the Secretary-General's report, will remain a fundamental component of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General would like to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the cost of the first Review Conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by States parties and States not parties to the Convention that will participate, and in accordance with the United Nations scale, shall be appropriately calculated.
(a) To note with concern the high proportion of General Service staff in the regional commissions compared to Professional and higher categories, and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, as appropriate, on initiatives taken;
(c) The ratio of General Service staff not responsible for the functions of Secretariat/ Professional and higher-level staff for all these offices, and therefore the need for support, is based on the local situation and the state of infrastructure development and commercial services in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children have died.
It is probably the first time that, since the Cuban missile crisis, the peoples of the world take the opportunity to take the two options around a crisis of this gravity; that is, a diplomatic settlement, thus peaceful, or a war, with its aftermath, the grave consequences of such an act for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
It is in the interest of the Iraqi people.
Thus, in two months of work on the ground, it is noteworthy that, through the cooperation of the Iraqi authorities, the inspectors have easy access to more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private residences.
Indigenous peoples and communities are not deprived of their means of subsistence or are forced into land they occupy, in violation of Convention No. 169.
They do not take disciplinary measures or other measures against workers or other persons who have filed a complaint or claimed that the company does not comply with the standards;
Thirdly, he stressed the need to be ready to change his positions and to explore each possibility of finding a fair compromise.
Introduction
Greatce Mr.
and
In accordance with the Instructions for the Registry (rule 26-30), a preliminary draft budget is prepared by the Registrar.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Afghanistan, Algeria, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belize, Benin, Bhutan, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Chile, China, Comoros, Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Djibouti, Egypt, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Egypt, Ecuador, Ethiopia, Gabon, Ghana, Guinea, Guinea, Guinea, Guinea, Guinea, Guinea, Japan, Gabon, Gabon, Ghana, Gabon, Libyan Arab Republic of the Russian Federation, Guinea, Guinea, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Russian Federation, Guinea, the Democratic Republic, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Congo, the Congo, the Congo, the Sudan, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Congo, the Congo, Chad, the Sudan, Chad, Chad, Chad, Chad, the Sudan, Chad, Chad, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, Chad, the Congo, the Congo, the Russian Federation, the Congo, the Sudan, Chad, the Sudan
What Syria calls us — or anyone in this Chamber — to listen to the voice of wisdom is a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
The United States delegation would like to know why the establishment of a senior management body is an essential element in the progress of major organizational reforms aimed at strengthening the international civil service (A/57/30, para.
The European Union agreed with the recommendation made by the Commission in its report (A/57/30) concerning the maximum amount of admissible educational expenses and the education grant in the countries and the monetary zones listed in subparagraphs (a) and (b) of paragraph 141, as well as the recommendation on the lump-sum reimbursement and the additional costs of boarding (para. 141).
All parties attended weekly meetings and responded promptly to incidents.
The total number of bank deposits has increased gradually, with a 6 per cent increase over the past six months.
This time in history requires thought, introductory and action.
Mexico believes that real reform must be based on five very specific guidelines.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration - developing and least developed countries in all regions - has been progressively expanded to include services.
Purpose and Objectives
However, where this amount is too high, it may have a deterrent effect and counter the objective of easy, economical and expeditious access to insolvency proceedings.
The inclusion of the encumbered assets may in general increase the availability of credit, since secured creditors would have assurance that their real rights would not be affected by the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The assets that the debtor has prepared during this period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The desirability of measures to protect the value of the encumbered assets may need to be balanced with their potential complexity and costs, and the need for the court to be able to make difficult commercial decisions with respect to such protection.
Automated termination clauses
For greater transparency in the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clarify in the law the limits imposed on the powers of the insolvency representative with respect to the types of contract discussed in this section.
However, even if the approach is adopted, the insolvency representative may need to initiate proceedings to recover assets or value equivalent to the counterparty when the insolvency representative fails to return them.
As noted above, however, a total desiring can disorganization the enterprise and harm its continued exploitation at a critical stage of its survival.
The following list does not pretend to comprehensiveness and in some cases overlap or will not be relevant because of the provisions of the insolvency law.
As a general rule, the committee will act on behalf of creditors: its functions will therefore be directly related to the general functions assigned to them, as described above.
When a creditor committee is established (and it recruits professionals), this obligation may be implemented by requiring its members (and professionals) to sign confidentiality agreements.
Some of them present general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan should give sufficient clarity and clarification to all parties of the debtor's financial position and changes in certain rights proposed therein, or set out minimum requirements, for example, that the plan should provide for the payment of certain preferential claims.
In practice, this time period may be 10 to 45 days (see chap.
The recommendations for notice of commencement provide for the protection of the debtor by requiring that the application for commencement be notified and giving it the opportunity to rebut the presumption.
For example, ILO Convention on the Protection of Workers' Claims in the Insolvency of their employer, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the setbacks in this area.
With regard to the latter, the programme is responsible for providing support to the Economic and Social Council and interaction between the Council and the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination.
On 6 December, the Presidency circulated a draft presidential statement welcoming the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, presented a private meeting with the participation of troop-contributing countries in the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force during the past six months (S/2002/1328).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained the required majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that Mr. Collen Vixen Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Narcisse Ahounou (Côte d'Ivoire (Côte d'Ivoire) be appointed to the General Assembly for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in order.
Together Foundation is proud to provide effective electronic communications services that enable the G-77 to meet its increasing information and communication needs.
This is a permanent forum in which higher education institutions and their leaders can discuss important issues and issues in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002), seminar held in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (approximately 100 participants);
Private sector fund-raising strategies
The social fabric is broken and makes women and girls vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, former adult fighters were the only people to be brought to our attention.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations disseminates a general training manual “Gender and peacekeeping” to peacekeeping missions and Member States.
More needs to be done in post-conflict and reconstruction situations.
The international community should take appropriate measures to provide relief and compensation to them.
Web sites President of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
For 12 years, Saddam Hussein defied Security Council resolutions.
We are now in the process of rapid growth, supported by a solid research and development programme, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the relevant resolutions adopted by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the latest of which is resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
It is estimated that the reduction of one week of the annual sessions is expected to result in an economy of $228,300 on the basis of full cost for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include ensuring the realization of the right to water without discrimination of any kind and require that measures to ensure its effective realization be systematic, practical and targeted.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of States Parties and the Regional Bureau may, if necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information11.
Add a new subparagraph (f):
“(a) The aerosols fall under division 2.1 if the content contains more than 85 per cent, mass, inflammable components and if the chemical heat of combustion is equal to or above 30 kJ/g;
“For UN No. 3175, the ethic test is not required when the liquid is fully absorbed into a solid seal in a bag.
P903 Add the following paragraph after “Empire satisfactory to the test level of packing group II.
4.1.9.2.1 Replace "Independence of type 1 (type IP-1)" with "Industry of type 2 (type IP-2) and "industrial co-location of type 3 (type IP-3)" with "Code of type IP-1", "Code of type IP-2" and "Crops of IP-3".
Paragraphs 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.7.6 become 6.1.4.6 to 6.1.4.6 and 6.1.4.8 and 6.1.4.8.1 become 6.1.4.7 and 6.1.4.7 respectively.
6.2.2.6.3 Quality management
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kuenyehia said that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women who were victims of trafficking were immediately evicted from Switzerland and, consequently, they were no longer in the country, could not testify against the perpetrators.
By pledging, with the support of the international community, to ensure peace, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to build NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without supporting the associated evils of the Patrimonism, we can argue that it has been successfully used to ensure development and stability in other countries and regions.
Although there has been a rise in the past two years, the amount still remains far below the level of the 1990s.
The firm commitment of the international community to action, and the continued and responsible leadership of Africa, working in a sustained manner towards the sustainable development of the continent, will contribute to ensuring the full success of NEPAD.
This is the first legally binding international treaty on the trade in biotechnological products.
• Grounds for releases of organic pollutants and nutrients by ad hoc sources
Table 66
As the Secretary-General indicated in his last report, good note was taken in the review of the cooperation activities carried out in 1999 by the White Helmets Commission, the implementation of the White Helmets formula and the experience gained in that regard.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the Chairman (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, becoming A/AC.268/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a member of United Nations civilian personnel who were killed in the performance of his duties in the service of peace, excluding those who had died of natural causes or accident, after the effective date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, trafficking by sea, law enforcement cooperation and training);
Rule 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that the officers of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs shall remain in office until the election of their successors and shall be eligible.
(c) The COPAC should conduct research on cooperative models to demonstrate in the best and innovative ways and means of sharing best practices and experience.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had drafted at the end of others expressed preference for the proposal made by the Member States of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC). All delegations took note of the significant concessions already made in that regard.
Thus, there is a risk of duplication and overlap.
The family, which is the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for the flourishing and well-being of all its members, must be protected and should receive the necessary assistance to assume all its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; killing, abduction, destruction and detentions are the lot of those children who have no access to education or medical care.
Their current situation as part of the Israeli occupation is far from a “world fit for children”.
We hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its broad range of activities will help to achieve the desired objectives of the draft resolution.
(a) To pay particular attention to the protection of refugee children, especially separated minors, and internally displaced children who are at risk of being abducted or forced to participate in armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
Child protection issues — against sexual abuse and exploitation in particular — were the main obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West Africa and Central Africa indicated that several countries in the region were in the process of drafting legislation that provided for stricter penalties for convicted traffickers.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (non-governmental organizations) has already been established.
UNICEF is developing two strategies to combat HIV/AIDS.
Resources for such activities have already been included in the programme budget for the current biennium and in section 24, Human rights, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
This provision would cover requirements: 12 military advisers and liaison officers ($488,200); 8 civilian police advisers ($3252,400); 1,159 international staff; 143 national staff; and 737 local staff); an overall increase of 12 posts resulting from a net decrease of 27 international staff and 21 national staff; and an increase of 60 national staff;
Review of the programme of work: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I should like to draw the attention of the members of the Council to the other documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letters dated 2 June and 24 July 2003, from the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General; and S/2003/685 and S/2003/698, letters dated 2 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations.
“I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Group of States of the Islamic Conference at the United Nations, to request the Security Council to extend an invitation to Mr. Ahmad Hajihoseini, Deputy Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, Chargé d'affaires a.i. to the Council under rule 39 of its provisional rules of procedure during the consideration of the item entitled “The Middle East”, including the item on the Security Council”,
But the effect is the same: annexation.
The fear is always very bad adviser and constitutes an artificial solution to the problems that Israel faces.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs of Norway will reiterate this unequivocal condemnation when he met with President Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories and the excessive use of force against innocent Palestinians are also driving despair.
However, it also took note of the various views expressed in the Working Group regarding the form and scope of the instrument, its fundamental principles and some of its main characteristics.
24-71). It agreed to recommend that the Secretariat follow up on the suggestions to broaden the scope of the study by also addressing the obstacles to electronic commerce that might arise from other instruments proposed for inclusion, and review with those organizations the modalities for carrying out the necessary studies, taking into account the constraints that could be imposed by the Secretariat on its current workload.
Enterprises engaged in legitimate commercial activities should not fear disclosing their identity or place of business.
(i) To undertake a further reduction of non-strategic nuclear weapons that is transparent, verifiable and irreversible, on the basis of unilateral initiatives and within the framework of the nuclear arms reduction and disarmament process;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and refrain from actions that undermine its firm commitment to preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The deputies of the State Duma state that when they will consider for the purpose of ratifying the papers to be submitted to them regarding the participation of Latvia in the Agreement on Partnership and Cooperation between the Russian Federation, on the one hand, and European communities and their member States, on the other, they will determine whether to ratify them according to Latvia's national human rights obligations.
She would also like to know whether the Government encouraged the formation of women's organizations.
Science and technology as the basis for sustainable forest management
Secondly, it must be used to draw knowledge from case studies to develop indicators for the various stress factors that are both specific and sound scientific.
Date and venue
The Chairman: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 expressed the wish that the text be adopted by the Committee without a vote.
This simplified interface allows access not only to the database but also to other available information on the website.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Policy coordination
Recognizing the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the new millennium and in the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
Pilot projects had been approved for two of the Territories and their implementation would be subject to careful consideration to determine whether they could be implemented elsewhere.
The Supreme Council of the Judiciary shall elect, in addition to the candidates listed in article 3, paragraph 5, between two candidates whose names are also communicated by the Secretary-General, who shall perform the functions of an international investigating judge and who shall be the alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
KUFPEC's claim for Sidi El Kilani 56 - 95 22
KAFCO evaluated fuel Jet A-1 at its replacement cost in May 1991, based on the average price of the quantities purchased.
The production profile used after that date is based on the annual production rate that it had estimated in 1994, although actual production figures are available today.
Ms. Pham Thi Nga (Viet Nam), speaking in explanation of her delegation's position, said that the draft resolution was a lack of objectivity and did not reflect progress in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is a chilful of the request made by the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the international community for the establishment of an international criminal tribunal for its country with a view to ending violence and impunity.
Last November, Esther Galia, a mother of seven children, was shot dead during a terrorist attack in the same neighbourhood.
They are essential for a comprehensive settlement.
As soon as the international community has endorsed the road map accepted by the Israeli and Palestinian parties, its implementation requires genuine political will to achieve the ultimate objective, namely, the two-State solution contemplated by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive signs that have recently indicated a revival of the political process, Israeli settlement policies and the continued construction of the separation wall are contrary to all peace efforts.
The Charter of the United Nations reflects our collective commitment to cooperate to promote peace and development.
However, while we must acknowledge that one of the sources of this tragedy lies in the despair of some peoples, victims of frustrations and intolerable injustices that are late to be addressed.
On the other hand, Iran has no nuclear weapons programme and does not intend to do so.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral use of military force, transgressions of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage countries, individually, to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, the States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI, pledged their commitment to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion strategy for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of these accused may be dead and others may never be arrested.
In addition, following a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution now defines the family as an entity based on equality of spouses.
The plan provides for the establishment of village development committees, which must have at least one woman among their members and are responsible for the implementation of the village project.
We are ready to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal so that these trials will take place.
With regard to the question posed by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and early transfer would allow for the timely completion of cases, as the President said, the judicial process was not easily predictable.
Subregional level 2.
That is why solutions that would prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes require the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, primarily nuclear weapons.
In the area of export competition, it was proposed to reduce export subsidies and credits, but with no objective or precise time frame.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment by the Community of Women of the Business Network, aimed at empowering women, including by facilitating their access, in good terms, to credit and to commercial and technical training;
Such a project is under way in the mountains of Central Asia.
Identification A.
Contents
Some participants stressed the need to explore the possibility of establishing an international stabilization fund that would play the role of an insurance mechanism to assist in dealing with losses arising from the implementation of response measures.
Recognizing the importance of collaboration among the sponsoring bodies of the Global Climate Observing System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty be removed from the penal sanctions legislation of the two Republics and specifically prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish an open-ended working group to consider ways to improve the predictability of funding.
In particular, the proposed provision on the inadmissibility of a situation where the consequences of the introduction of sanctions would inflict considerable material and financial harm to third States was mentioned.
It would be desirable to temporarily suspend sanctions in case of extraordinary circumstances or force majeure (natural disasters, threats of hunger, widespread unrest leading to a disruption of the administration of the country), in order to prevent a humanitarian disaster.
Accordingly, the need for temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered on a case-by-case basis.
The sponsor delegation had proposed the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions was desirable in emergency situations and in the case of force majeure in order to prevent a humanitarian disaster, and should be decided on a case-by-case basis.” As for that suggestion, the view was expressed that it did not adequately address the idea that such a provision could not be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already provided for in the sanctions regime.
It was further noted that the last principle (section 5 above) raised an important issue of codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the International Law Commission to know and that the Sixth Committee would debate it.
Transparency will remain the hallmark of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
As a result, despite the slight changes recommended by the Group of Governmental Experts this year, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States remain unchanged; they believe that the scope of the Register should be expanded, in particular that the experience of past years has shown that the Register, which is limited to seven categories of conventional arms, will not attract universal participation.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help strengthen our rule of law gains.
In my delegation's view, this is a historic opportunity, as it is the first time that the Republic of San Marino takes the floor to the Security Council.
Decides further that the Bureau of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee shall consist of five representatives of elected Member States on the basis of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors has raised several issues regarding the liquidation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1n), para.
Please indicate, if any, how your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and conclusion
Source: Hague Conference, Convention No. 2 (available at www.hcch.net/conventions/text02f.html).
The obstacles to women's full participation in political life are rather rooted in traditional societal attitudes; there is a degree of resistance from men to the fact that women can play a role in decision-making.
The trial of another Kosovo Serb accused of being the instigator of the riots in April in Mitrovica began on 22 November.
Research activities using slopes and ballons, as well as ESA space missions, are designed and carried out by research teams in the areas of plasmas physics, astronomy, atmospheric chemistry and material science.
UNCTAD's work in the area of trade and development was not intended to duplicate the work of other organizations, but to examine the relationship between trade and development in an objective and integrated manner in a development perspective so as to facilitate and strengthen the processes and negotiations under way in other forums.
The experimental phase had already helped to build the capacity of Somali institutions responsible for disarmament, demobilization and reintegration.
Target group: All examiners.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the General Assembly at its seventh session on the steps taken to implement the present decision.
“Safeguards”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are unable to protect is your responsibility.
The Commission on Human Rights must play a key role in the process of improving the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other relevant entities, both public and private, as well as multilateral bodies, to continue to contribute voluntarily or as appropriate in accordance with their mandates, to activities related to the development and implementation of programmes of action to combat desertification in all affected regions;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that addressing the issue at a meeting of the expanded bureau seemed to be a strange solution, since the views expressed by the expanded bureau, meeting informally, would not necessarily reflect those of the Commission as a whole.
(iv) All known and projected expenditures relating to the representative duly authorized by the Secretary-General to serve in the International Advisory and Monitoring Board for the period of six months defined above, after which such costs will be borne by the United Nations;
Its counter-terrorism efforts using weapons of mass destruction will also be consistent with the three-step programme framework of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee, which is based on the establishment of the necessary legal framework for the fight against terrorism, then the strengthening of executive mechanisms for the implementation of legislation, and the development of international cooperation against terrorism.
Its production base remains narrow and diversified.
Despite the deep periods of hope that a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East has been the scene of armed confrontation during other phases and periods that have had profound implications and impact on the peace efforts that Egypt has made with objectivity and determination, taking all the opportunities to achieve a just and comprehensive peace for the countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also calls upon States to take all appropriate measures to protect the cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the absence of effective flag State control exposes the maritime sector to offenders engaged in arms smuggling and trafficking in drugs and diamonds, etc.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
In times of war, by the territorial courts of the armed forces and by military courts in the armed forces.”
There were 115 countries, including representatives of government agencies, international organizations, consumers' organizations, trade and industry.
The Executive Director said that he had been honoured to preside over the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Board, which had coincided with a period where, after four years of reform, the Organization enjoyed greater stability.
Ghana, despite financial constraints, has undertaken to honour its financial obligations to the United Nations.
Place of regular sessions
If the President ceases to be representative of a member of the Executive Board or is unable to perform his or her functions, or if the member State of the Board ceases to be a member of the Executive Board, the Bureau shall designate one of the Vice-Presidents as Acting President until a new President has been elected by the Executive Board.
The role of poverty and its impact on the whole population were highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
Appreciation was expressed for the deletion of 57 outputs and the rationalization of publications.
The Committee recommended the dissolution of the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus, as long as it cannot agree on how to implement its programme of work and that it is unable to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that UNHCR's proposed programme budget was presented as a grant to streamline the relationship between UNHCR and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35 (Development Account) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The strategy of subprogramme 2 should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and its conclusions be presented to the Commission on the Status of Women for consideration and action, as appropriate.
The documents before the Working Group are listed in annex I.
A minority representative recommended autonomy for the ogonia people in a specific region of Nigerian territory, explaining that this would promote socio-economic development and full participation of Ogonis in the control of resources.
The term “new minorities” has not been accepted by all, and its use requires further discussion and discussion.
Training courses for minorities should be encouraged to learn from human rights mechanisms and the development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
It seems appropriate to build a new consensus on the issue of the role of the public sector in the field of energy for sustainable development (e.g. setting the objectives of public policies, setting priorities and guiding markets), without losing sight of the fact that market forces will not alone solve the energy poverty of developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
At present, the approach could be described as “ transformation”: some provisions of the Convention had been transformed into specific laws.
(c) The two C-160, Turkish military aircraft coming from the FIR of Ankara, entered the Nicosia FIR, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the occupied area of Cape Apostolos Andreas before exiting in the direction of the eastern region, resulting in a reverse income.
Long-term things must be seen and political will.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and most recently in Liberia, show the full success of our Organization in deploying, sometimes in emergency situations, increasingly complex peace operations, involving multiple partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Moreno Ocampo, came to our Geneva office to discuss with us the possible areas of collaboration.
Those words are the best tribute to the work done by MONUC.
Mr. Pujalte (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): At the outset, I would like to thank your delegation for having included such an important issue as that of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the Council's agenda.
An ecosystem approach entails expanding the functions and processes involved in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
Process of the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests
(iii) Possible measures to reduce risks, in particular political risks, faced by investors engaged in sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
No more than the United States has done so when it offered money to Iranian nationals after United States missiles killed an Iranian commercial aircraft over Iran.
Engaging students in knowledge management, particularly in accounting
(b) Systems analysis and design techniques (Ce item, which deals with purity information, is addressed in module 3.6.
The Government of Israel is led by a notorious terrorist, Ariel Sharon, who, according to two officers who participated in the massacre of Kafr Qassem in 1956, ordered to burn Palestinian children to their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General to ensure, when preparing the conference-servicing budget, that the resources provided for general temporary assistance are able to respond to the full demand for services estimated on the basis of current experience;
Paragraph 2 would be very close to current paragraph 2 of model provision 32 and therefore read: “Any expropriation of the ground that may be required for the implementation of the project shall be carried out in accordance with ...”; it would be followed by options that are currently in square brackets in paragraph 2 of model provision 32, possibly including a reference to the regulatory framework.
Perhaps a second term could be added to the French version.
Model provision 33, as amended, is approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY] Annex II
(f) That, as proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of liberty must be released in a manner that allows for valid verification of their actual release and, furthermore, released under conditions that guarantee their physical integrity and the opportunity to assert their rights;
The study revealed that the way in which the administrative services of the Secretariat operate does not allow or make full use of the opportunities offered by technology or adopt the most modern practices like other organizations.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to the request contained in resolution 57/110 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar in order to bring Myanmar to a transition to a civilian regime, and to ensure that all have full and unrestricted access to Myanmar and that all persons cooperating with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are not subject to any form of intimidation, harassment or repression;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/... of ... April 2003, endorses the decision of the Commission to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a further year, as set out in Commission resolution 1992/58 of 3 March 1992, and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session and to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session.”
• Serious consideration should be given to the dismantling of large mining companies held by the State, such as Gecamines and MIBA (Minister of Bakwanga).
Expresses its appreciation to those Governments that have made additional contributions for the establishment and strengthening of national human rights institutions;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;1
The unutilized balance was due primarily to the decision that it had not been able to buy new power generators, the availability of generators could have been repaired through reserve spare parts and had been sufficient to provide electricity production.
Recalling that the relevant United Nations human rights instruments and global plans and programmes of action require the provision of protection and assistance to the family as widely as possible, and that the family has various forms, different from cultural, political and social systems,
The Voorburg Group has addressed issues of vendor identification and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its role in the budgetary process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, which, inter alia, advises the Programme for the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and the management of the resources of the Programme on the basis of priorities established by Member States;
Capacity developed through: support to organizational entities and planning entities (public and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support for the formulation and implementation of legislation; inter-ministerial coordination; research and training capacity on development issues, etc.
Discussions have been specifically devoted to these items and draft resolutions were presented and considered at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-15).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its six-hour mission and returned to the Qasr Ninawa Hotel in Mosul.
The National Directorate of Monitoring informed the meeting and encouraged it to participate in the meeting.
The importance of broadband services as an engine for economic and social development should be recognized;
]
(b) In fact, for any person who directs or works, in any capacity, for an entity, to seek or accept, directly or indirectly, an undue advantage, for itself or for another person or entity, in order to perform or refrain from carrying out an act and in breach of its duties [in relation to an economic, financial or commercial transaction, which causes harm to the private entity].
[(j) Identifying, freezing and tracing funds of illicit origin derived from acts of corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of States Parties shall prepare a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
In the view of those delegations, it would be important to ensure that the system designed for the convention took into account existing regional mechanisms and to strive to avoid unnecessary duplication.
Text taken from the proposal submitted by Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (of 32) presented a “without action”.
This year, a projection is provided for agriculture but not for energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases according to their degree of difficulty by allocating more resources to extremely complex cases;
Agenda item 84
In addition, thematic meetings of treaty bodies should be encouraged that contribute to improving and making human rights protection more transparent in a specific area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate it to the Third Committee.
In view of the determination of non-nuclear-weapon States, the States that possess nuclear weapons must show that they are making tangible progress towards nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that planted forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and adversely affect the rights and livelihoods of local populations (a highly discouraged practice at the Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General of 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations contained therein, approves the proposal of the Secretary-General that an electoral unit would be established within UNAMA, and urges Member States to support United Nations electoral activities in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter of 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report from Spain to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It seeks to promote TCDC in policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador has five women with ambassadors, compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Montalvo (Ecuador) said that the most important legislative change had been the revision of the Family Code, which had moved to Congress on first reading and was awaiting a second reading.
Resolution 1456 (2003)
Executive Order No. 336 on the re-establishment of the National Commission for Action against Piracy and Terrorism as the National Council for Civil Aviation Security.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination, as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The fruitful exchange of views followed enabled delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
AFUR African Use Indicators
MMA
However, it may be necessary in any case to take various factors into account, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of an agreement governing its relations with the State concerned.
OHCHR looks at the generosity of donors, particularly donor Governments, to meet those needs.
The key task remains to correct the effects of past violence and to remedy current violations while building national capacities to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Statistical capacity-building;
The first results of the work of the Community allow a rich potential for cooperation between the Community and the Universal Organization, based on the principles of partnership, participation and complementarity of efforts.
29B.24 Programme planning and budget preparation are under the responsibility of the Programme Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in that regard.
In the light of these contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the INSTRAW Trust Fund as at 31 December 2003 is projected to amount to $735,600.
Request for hearing
Variant A
The definition of “electronic signature” corresponds to the definition of the same term in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valenta (room DC1-603, tel. 1 (212) 963-9684 or 963-9196).
With the exception of sales publications and public information material, hyperlinked official documents listed hereunder may be accessed through the Official Document System of the United Nations in the electronic version of the present Journal.
Ltd. (Sudan); LXO = Luxor Air (Egypt); NL = Lone Star Airways (affré by the Government of Liberia); Relief = Relief services Ltd (United Kingdom).
Smuggling is still more than 50 per cent of trade.
The illegal looting and borrowing by the security forces, extortion and other bribes undermine any prospect of economic stabilization and can only discourage capital inflows by foreign private investors.
The United Nations should play a more active role in the negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearance of gendarmes would, according to the testimonies collected, be pure acts of desertion.
HIV/AIDS is increasing and children account for 7 per cent of the infected population.
However, there will be a need for country offices to improve the formulation of lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction - goals and targets
Press conferences
The status of ratification of the conventions and the information received on the implementation of the programmes of action included key indicators of progress in combating slavery and slavery-like practices.
The observer for UNICEF outlined the work of UNICEF in the area of child protection.
Calls upon United Nations bodies and agencies to develop and implement codes of conduct prohibiting any form of sexual exploitation by United Nations personnel, service providers employed by the United Nations and humanitarian workers, and invites non-governmental organizations to do the same in their area of competence;
Invites States and relevant non-governmental organizations to undertake research to achieve a better understanding of the diversion of certain ritual practices in order to intimidate women and girls who are victims of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the 1990 session on the improvement and effectiveness of its functioning (CD/1036), the Conference invited the following non-member States to participate in its work: Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Cyprus, Costa Rica, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, Georgia, Ghana, Greece, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Jordan, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Nepal, Oman, Philippines, Qatar, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Philippines, Philippines, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Philippines, Philippines, Philippines, Philippines, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Philippines, Philippines, Philippines, Philippines, Philippines, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Philippines, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Philippines, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia, Philippines, Philippines, Philippines, Philippines, Philippines, Philippines,
I hope that the ministers will request accelerated measures on all these vital security issues.
It is increasingly concerned about possible links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/7/Add.5, A/58/375, A/58/600 and A/58/610)
Encourages countries to submit national reports on an optional basis to the Commission's review session, in particular, indicating the concrete progress achieved in the implementation, including achievements, challenges and opportunities;
(d) To strive to achieve better and balanced representation of major groups in all regions in the Commission;
The issue of agricultural subsidies, which distort trade, was raised and considered to be a serious impediment to achieving the goals of sustainable development.
(b) In 2004-2005, the additional activities to be undertaken include an assessment, assessment and analysis of progress in the implementation of the objectives; the inventory of issues and obstacles encountered; and the potential of lessons learned, including coordination of information received from various sources and capacity-building activities during the sessions of the Commission; the establishment and management of a transparent information and communication system; and, lastly, a report containing information on partnerships.
This assistance provided training materials, training trainers and senior managers, and technical and financial support to the organization of training sessions by Cambodian trainers.
The total net amount - excluding the amount of USD 2515,432,04 for interest and the amount of USD 1727,784,51 for the preparation of the claims - claimed for the 380 claims in part I of the sixteenth instalment, for which the Panel took action in the amount of USD 479,197,190 427,82.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and implemented in the context of international cooperation, will aim to ensure that regional initiatives carried out by various agencies or groups of agencies are mutually reinforcing.
The Fifth Committee, having considered the statement of programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General3 and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,4 decides to inform the General Assembly that, should it adopt draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.1/Rev.1, the appropriation of $1,375,600, be consolidated as set out below, will be necessary for the biennium 2004-2005: section 2, General Assembly affairs and disarmament;
As part of its host programme, the Government immediately provides housing, food aid and language services for all returnees, men and women, and is trying to find them work, making it available to this vulnerable group a number of services.
In the context of international cooperation, the Government is undertaking a comprehensive overhaul of its statistical and census centre, with a view to improving the data collected and updating of data and providing gender breakdown.
There is a growing literature on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and more practical examples of that contribution.
See for example Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraph 5, and CESCR General Comment No. 14, paragraph 3.
Is it necessary to reduce duplication in the work of the Committee and of international organizations?
Local Governments, which are responsible under the Local Government Act, annex II, to address the issue of vulnerable children, need to develop their potential more pragmatic;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of the evolution of net transfers of resources to or from developing countries.
It is important to continue the dialogue initiated in Johannesburg on the issue of debt swaps in investment in ecology and sustainable development.
There have been cases in the past where meetings of States parties have been considerably delayed or cancelled because of the lack of a quorum.
On the occasion of Human Rights Day, the New York Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights is organizing several activities to mark the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the Vienna World Conference on Human Rights and the award of awards on human rights.
It was suggested that efforts should be made to avoid this problem when the provisions of chapter 8 would be considered in the light of existing instruments on electronic commerce.
He reiterated that P&I Clubs were supportive of the implementation of the door-to-door transport instrument and noted that while difficulties could arise both with a limited network system and with a uniform system, it should be noted that the transport industry had, to a large extent, adopted a network system for multimodal transport, including in the UNCTAD/ICC Rules and in the COMESA letter of transport.
In response to a question regarding the reasons for which the draft instrument should apply a default rule in the case of “non-localized damage”, it was reiterated that the bulk of the draft instrument was to ensure that the liability regime applicable to such damage was predictable and secure.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
There will be a briefing on the Youth Employment Network established by the Secretary-General, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Secretariat of the Youth Employment Network, the World Bank and ILO, today, 30 September 2003, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonne Clarke (Barbados).
Compared to the posts approved as at 30 June 2003, the number would be increased by 223 international staff (1 ASG, 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-4, 74 P-3, 13 P-2/1, 29 Field Service and 74 General Service (Other level)) and 537 national staff, including 25 Professional and 207 United Nations Volunteers.
The latter would be supported by a Secretary (General Service (Other level)) and a driver (national staff).
Ms. Shin wondered the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission on Women's Issues, the Federal Office for Equality between Women and Men and the Swiss Conference of Women and Men, and was concerned about the lack of resources for the Commission and the Bureau.
3, and
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint programme of work with IAEA to develop a standard by applying the IAEA safety standard development process with the appropriate participation of experts from the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with IAEA and reporting procedures and mechanisms.
Option 3
To our utmost regret, the United Nations Secretariat has taken no steps to redeploy United Nations observers to the demilitarized zone between Iraq and Kuwait, so that they can carry out their tasks under Security Council resolutions.
Primary health care also remains tragically inadequate in many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations have suffered a setback.
Among them, the National Women's Forum is a forum for dialogue and permanent, pluralist and representative dialogue, allowing women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and guidance of national policies for the full development of women, in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat has set out guidelines for the legalization of such groups, the training of their members in the social organization and the strengthening of leadership, self-esteem and human rights in the departments of Chiquimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
Women's Health Week.
This collaboration could start by holding an international colloquium to study the various aspects of commercial fraud and where the various stakeholders concerned could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the following non-governmental organization that has requested consultative status with UNIDO: World Federation of Free Zones (GEFZA).
In that letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities would give serious consideration to the adoption of those measures and would shed light on the incident in the “rophone”.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the teams that could be taken into account in the preparation of the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to circulate to the chairpersons of the teams a model for their contribution to the report of the Committee.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They further noted that the African Union was a common vision of a united and strong Africa that would enable the African continent to meet the multifaceted challenges facing the continent and its peoples in the light of the social, economic and political transformations that took place throughout the world.
They stressed that these institutions must resist the efforts of some countries that use such conditionalities to defend their interests alone.
They called upon donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian assistance in proportion to the needs of the affected populations, without influencing the degree of interest of the media, or by the geographical position of the place where humanitarian assistance is required.
Surveys carried out to date in Tunisia indicate that no Tunisian banking agency or stocker has no funds, financial assets or resources belonging to individuals or entities on the above-mentioned list.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordination body should be designated within the United Nations system in order to provide support in this area and the United Nations regional commissions should include certain activities,
Convinced that the responsibility for road safety rests with local, municipal and national authorities,
Thematic discussion (theme to be decided on the basis of consultations held by the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The proposed amendment to the Law on Money Laundering, which establishes acts of terrorism punishable by the Penal Code in contravention of the Act, will empower the Office to freeze without delay the funds or financial assets of persons or organizations accused of terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is reviewed periodically on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations to the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization Dalate Counsellor Reclamation and the Ushen County Forest Section will host the seminar.
It should ultimately contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations establishing sustainable land resource management and eventually translate into qualitative and quantitative improvement of arable land and increased agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and plans of action and in their educational and cultural policies the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, customs and ceremonies of indigenous peoples, as well as their history, vision of cosmos, their philosophy and values.
The cold war mentality and the role of nuclear weapons in doctrines of the nuclear-weapon States, the current impasse in the Conference on Disarmament, the lack of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and in particular the increased risk of nuclear weapons, have created a precarious situation that makes non-nuclear-weapon States in need of negative security assurances.
Attended the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Women Judges, held in Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Therefore, they must be secure by a number of provisions:
- Attending intellectual property rights;
We cannot allow us to leave the Conference inactive or to leave it to be slope because of the obstacles to be overcome or because our perception of powerlessness gives us a chance to fall.
In developing the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team engaged in dialogue with local leaders and military units throughout the country.
These officers have effectively ensured the integration of children's rights and protection into peacekeeping missions.
However, if a staff member is reappointed by an organization implementing the United Nations common system less than twelve months after the separation of service, any amount that may be paid at the end of his or her appointment under the termination indemnity, repatriation grant or payment of unused annual leave shall be adjusted to ensure that the number of months, weeks or days of processing of such payments has been paid in the case of weeks, or days of processing.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council in particular, must act together in this critical period in order to avoid a humanitarian disaster in Iraq.
Accordingly, only claims relating to the instalments completed on 2 May 1990 or after that date fall within the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only amounts for the compensable period may be awarded.
The “E2” Panel has defined the scope of military operations and the concept of a threat of military action for the various locations and dates for the losses reported in the claims before it, in order to delimit the area and the compensable period.
Canada accepted the Presidency for a period of one year beginning on 1 January 2004, after the end of the South African mandate on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will review the best practices of these recent planning activities and lessons learned to determine whether they could apply to future operations.
If a new operation was to be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be able to deploy it more rapidly than in the past, through the strengthening of the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of new standby arrangements (as described in sub-items 3 and 4 below).
The maximum duration of deployment for members of the rapid deployment team will be 90 days, after which they will return to their place of origin.
An interactive training CD-ROM entitled “Climate stress management” was recently completed and sent to missions on a pilot basis in December 2002.
The mission training has been strengthened by the establishment of training centres in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET and the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware that a single code of conduct must be applied to all personnel assigned to peacekeeping missions, whether military, civilian or civilian police personnel, even though disciplinary procedures vary according to categories of personnel.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and the Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, the former Yugoslavia.
A commitment and cooperation are required at the national and international levels to address them.
Lessons learned from the current pilot projects show that it is crucial to identify productive activities for which there is a potential demand, whose start-up costs are low and require skills that persons with disabilities may acquire.
It is thus increasing tension between vulnerability and independence on the one hand — when an independent person is facing the new need to receive care and depend on others.
After considering the case studies of instructive and interesting cases, one participant emphasized the need to find a fair environment between self-regulation and public regulation in order to promote genuine transparency.
The search for a structure in which developed and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered necessary by several participants and it was noted that ISAR could play that role.
New York University Stern School of Business
University of Straits
United Nations Decade of Education for Sustainable Development
In accordance with article 15, the deficiencies identified have been reported to the claimants in order to address them.
In the case of a claim, the Panel ascertained that the goods had been delivered to Iraq by the claimant, but could not be able to determine whether the goods had been little time before or after the date on which the trade embargo imposed under Security Council resolution 661 (1990) had taken effect, namely, on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries paid between August 1990 and April 1991 for reduced employees due to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur was sensitive to his support for a number of United Nations bodies in the preparation of the study.
Simil early, only 4 to 7 per cent of these enterprises are headed by women.
- The leaders and officials of businesses, institutions and organizations, and all other persons who assist in terrorist activities, in particular through the financing of terrorists or terrorist groups or organizations, by providing or compiling funds to be used, directly or indirectly, for the commission of terrorist acts or related offences or by conducting transactions involving funds or other financial assets;
- It has signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified it on 12 September 2002, indicating that it exercises jurisdiction over the offences referred to in article 2 of the Convention in cases provided for in article 7, paragraph 2, of the Convention;
This law, which is not retroactive, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Tax Code (United States Internal Revenue Code) in force as at 31 December 2000.
The WCF and its members play a central, individual and collective role in assisting the GM in carrying out its mandate, as defined in article 21, paragraph 4, of the Convention, but the perception among the stakeholders consulted, including the members of the WCF, is that the GM has not yet fully discharged its role, having so far adopted a proactive approach.
Finding a niche for the GM
The curfews continue, but are not as stringent as in 2002.
The Bishkek meeting, held on 9 and 10 July 1998, brought together experts from the nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention are guaranteed in a constitution or other laws and, if so, to what extent; or, if not, whether these provisions may be invoked before the courts, tribunals and administrative authorities and whether they may give effect to them;
(a) Seven members selected by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Control from among the candidates nominated by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, taking due account that the Institute and its activities are financed from voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution should be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the African Group, and on behalf of the other sponsors, to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti”, which provides an overview of the continuing special economic assistance needs of that country.
As for the proportion of vacant posts, it is true that it should not be substantially improved, given the gradual reduction of activities.
Another source of abuse is the charging system for defence counsel.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its 2002 session
This figure, which is significantly lower than the 2001 figure, is partly due to the rise in security concerns arising from terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001, which led some major resettlement countries to temporarily restrict their territory.
In 1998, many evidence was handed over to FBI on this case.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures resulting from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;6
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical inquiry — the Government that considered that an investigation was necessary to provide a precise picture of the situation before taking the necessary measures — assess the level of awareness of the matter in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group by providing information or clarification.
As a result, Brazilian law enforcement officers were trained at the Regional Training School for Drug Control in the Andean Community, Lima.
(9) The proposed regulations also impose restrictions on the equipment listed and brokering activities.
To that end, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries on equipment and products that may be used for the purpose of torture or to inflict capital punishment or other cruel, degrading or inhuman treatment.
In relation to the specific cases referred to in the report, the imposition of the port of fers for long periods, or in the case of transfer from a prison or as a punishment, constitutes a violation of the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (rules 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The text of the laws cited in this excerpt can be found on the web site at http://www.admin.ch/f/rs/rs.html (23 October 2002).
Under this article, if the Court has established, on the basis of evidence produced by a member of Garda Síochána with at least an executive officer, that a person has possession or control of the funds that are or may be used to commit a terrorist offence or financing of terrorism, or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, shall order on request, unless the defendant or any other person has determined to be used for such offence.
The “terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Decision, i.e., as the structured association of more than two persons, established in time and in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
European Economic space, Swiss nationals and their dependants
Following a request made by the Government of the United Kingdom in October 2002, for the Caribbean Overseas Territories to provide detailed information on all their holders of savings accounts prior to 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the member States of the Organization of American States decided to pool the training of specialized social workers, including drug abuse.
The small island developing States of the Caribbean have been somewhat armed to deal with these two phenomena and climate variability.
• Identifying multinational biological resources and defining land and marine protected areas;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory from being used to plan, organize or commit or participate in terrorist crimes, must prevent terrorist elements, individually or in groups, infiltrate and not be located in its territory and must not be accommodated, provided them with shelter, financing or allowing them to use their national territory to visit other States.
Some regions in the north and south of the endemic malaria belt, as well as some mountain regions in many countries, are threatened by an outbreak of malaria.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors for their valuable support to the library.
(b) To develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt crusts, including applicable standards for the protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Recognizing that at the beginning of the twenty-first century, the world is witnessing historical and far-reaching transformations in which forces of aggressive nationalism and religious and ethnic extremism continue to face new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of the functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the International Labour Organization Administrative Tribunal should continue, as current disparities make some international civil servants more readily available than others to an administrative court.
For its part, the administration should respond to requests for review by the bodies of administration of justice, which is often lacking.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Goicochea (Cuba) said that it was important to avoid breaking the consensus that her delegation had accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouheddou (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years later, adopted in Rome on 13 June 2002,
This summary has been prepared after consultation with other members of the Council.
Assistance and guiding principles
It continued to welcome the development of democracy in the Republic of China on Taiwan and hoped that the Chinese people, the two sides of the Taiwan Straits, would resolve their differences peacefully.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that item 167 be included in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
d Exchange rate of November 2002.
That would support the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at raising awareness among decision makers and the general public about the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development by building on the achievements of space research; promoting greater use by United Nations agencies and the private sector of space-related systems and services; and improving the management of the natural resources of the planet.
Viet Nam is committed to building a strong nation and a prosperous, equitable and democratic society by placing human beings at the centre of its economic and social policies.
The former colonial Powers are now responsible for the deaths of 10 children every 7 seconds.
Regrettably, the occupation authorities have banned the Turkish Cypriots from benefiting from those benefits while limiting the freedom of expression of the supporters of a reunified Cyprus issued by the occupying forces.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are enshrined in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Panel discussion on microcredit
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Regrettably, the lack of power of most forest workers is a major impediment to the impact of falling for the most poorly managed workers.
It is envisaged that these activities will accelerate the discoveries of new drugs and vaccines.
Since now several years, the Conference on Disarmament has no substantive work.
In the context of the protection of refugees, which is a part of a whole, a major challenge, is to address the concerns of States in order to take into account the protection of refugees.
National legislation on asylum and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement these obligations in a fair and effective manner are the following stages.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with satisfaction the work carried out by voluntary Member States by the 12 teams established by the Committee at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III and urged Member States to fully support the teams in the conduct of their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, it should be noted that the Organization of American States has proposed that the follow-up meeting at the 6 March meeting be held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully aligns itself with the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
More we are doing, more we see that we have yet to do.
Is it not, by definition, terrorism?
(a) The replacement of one or more responsible staff;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, as set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and developed in the main instruments deriving from it (International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, the Convention on the Rights of the Child, and the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Degrading Treatment or Degrading Treatment or Punishment,
A vote was taken by show of hands.
First, emphasis is placed on the quality and availability of health services.
There are 28,523 women (19.3 per cent) of 143 teachers.
Some reproductive health targets included in the Ninth Plan and the Second Long-term Health Plan are presented below (table 8).
Therefore, information, education and communication (IEC) has been provided to the population up to the family level on women's health, with a view to encouraging the use of health services through information, education and communication programmes (IEC), with the assistance of the media, women's volunteer health workers and health personnel.
All formal sector credit institutions require tangible guarantees to make loans.
SAARC summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity throughout its history has never faced such a challenge.
Liechtenstein welcomes this development and participated in many debates.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking in persons and smuggling of migrants.
In Cambodia, the joint efforts of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including people living with HIV/AIDS, attracted attention and were recognized by the international community because of their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, manufacture, acquisition, transfer, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, in order to justify their opposition to the elaboration of a convention on remote sensing, argue that resolution 41/65 is still a useful instrument, since it sets two principles that they consider priority:
Rape has been used with impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terrorize the enemy population.
Ten years ago, violence against women was a totally neglected issue.
States should implement General Assembly resolution 57/179 on measures to eliminate crimes of honour committed against women and the intensification of efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes through legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur recommends the establishment of an ombudsman or any other monitoring and discipline mechanism in all peace support operations.
This chapter provides an overview of the human rights obligations of transnational corporations in respect of the right to food.
These are clear violations of the right to food, as well as the deliberate destruction of schools and health posts in many regions, constitute a clear violation of the rights to education and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 2005)1
While the situation of the Georgian economy had improved somewhat in recent years, it remained of great concern, with heavy external debt and real unemployment above 12 per cent (official figure).
Accordingly, they doubted that Georgia's failure to pay the amount required under Article 19, and at least the non-compliance with its obligations under the three payment plans, would be due to circumstances beyond its control.
The Global Programme against Money-Laundering participated in an assessment of offshore financial activities in the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 12 to 22 November 2002.
The interventions planned for 2003 and beyond include: improving national health and family life preparedness, strategic planning for the adolescent and youth component of the national strategy to combat HIV/AIDS and supporting this component and promoting an approach to assisting orphans that is respectful of their rights;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and welcomed the report of the Working Group on the work of its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This outcome is the result of your abilities and effectiveness — which you have demonstrated throughout your diplomatic careers, both at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and here at the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has made efforts over the years to make TCDC a broader part of its programme of work through both the regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Brunei Police, in close cooperation and coordination with other national law enforcement agencies, collaborates with States in the region where the exchange of information and other operations can be carried out under similar conditions.
As the negotiations on this international instrument concluded at the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, my delegation has the honour to request that item 108 of the agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “Crime prevention and criminal justice”, be considered in plenary, and that only in order for the adoption of the draft United Nations convention against corruption in due course, to be adopted at the appropriate time for the Conference on 11 January 2003.
at the Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Renewing the United Nations: a programme of reform”;
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125]8.
Progressive development of the principles and norms of international law relating to the new international economic order [D.150].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group had resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002, and had again discussed general issues regarding its scope (see A/CN.9/527, para.
Paragraph 2
Norway fully supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
In addition, the clarity they fall within the efforts of African countries and the support of the international community and the United Nations system allows an easy understanding of the gravity of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is imperative and urgent.
This would also be consistent with the interests of a majority of Member States, which do not have sufficient staff resources to review all the activities of the United Nations in detail.
The first biennial consolidated report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16).
Africa provided 24 responses (21.4 per cent), the Americas 20 (17.9 per cent), Asia 32 (28.6 per cent), Europe 34 (30 per cent) and Oceania 2 (1.8 per cent).
Financing programmes for alternative development and eradication of illicit drug production and resource mobilization
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
It is indeed a situation where the whole world is lost; in his report, the Secretary-General explains why, in his view, this opportunity has been missed.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory consists of 14 public primary schools and four public secondary schools.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative of section 35 (Development Account) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries rely primarily on PRSPs.
The border is therefore already determined, further strengthened by Security Council resolution 1507 (2003), which calls upon both parties to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The positions reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal structures of Lipljan ( Pristina region) remained vacant, with no qualified candidates being presented.
The representatives of the Kosovo Serbs of five municipalities, namely Kosovo Polje, Lipljan and Obilic (in the Pristina region), Novo Brdo ( Gnjilane region) and Zvecan ( Mitrovica region), complained about difficulties in access to judicial institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) national economic stability and decision-making; (b) commitment and determination by Governments to address environmental management issues and to promote the prevention and mitigation of environmental damage, through advice and assistance from UNEP and (c) voluntary contributions for the implementation of the UNEP Environment Fund; and (c) voluntary contributions to the UNEP Environment Fund.
(iii) Technical equipment: a database and an electronic forum on best practices for the social and environmental responsibility of Internet-based companies (1); information advisory services (information exchange centres) on persistent organic pollutants, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); online data on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction (1); information exchange centre and website of the Global Network on Sustainable Development (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive programme of socio-economic and political development in the continent, and it must be addressed from a comprehensive perspective.
Interdependence of democracy and human rights 143
Recognizing the importance of the role of women in the reconciliation process and the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and exercised without discrimination of any kind;
Recommends the following draft decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Emphasizing the importance of the full implementation of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS “Global Crisis, Global Action”, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001, at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, in order to improve its efficiency and effectiveness and to facilitate her access to the information she needs in carrying out her duties, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their possible mechanisms for the promotion of women's human rights;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, United Nations bodies, programmes and specialized agencies, as well as international and non-governmental organizations to report on their efforts to promote and implement, as appropriate, the guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights and the present resolution, and to submit, in consultation with the parties concerned, a progress report for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Calls upon States to give special attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of minority children, taking into account that girls and boys may be exposed to different types of risks;
Notes with satisfaction that the General Assembly has affirmed that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples is one of the main objectives of the Decade, and calls for the early completion of the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee on exemptions from the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in times of emergency,
Staff of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the rule of law, including by collaborating with international donors in the formation of law enforcement authorities that are sensitive to the protection and protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take steps to improve access to justice, as well as to implement prison reform measures to bring it into line with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43, paragraph 2, of the Convention, which covers the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child from 18 to 18, expressing the hope that the amendment will enable the Committee to perform effectively the new tasks related to the follow-up of the two Optional Protocols to the Convention, and also looks forward to the Committee's conclusion of the work in arrears,
(g) To grant the widest possible assistance for any investigation, criminal procedure or extradition procedure relating to the offences referred to in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including in obtaining evidence necessary for the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
Also at the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally introduced the proposed amendments (E/CN.4/2003/L.77) to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.2, consisting of two new paragraphs reading:
Discrimination in the criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the amendment (E/CN.4/2003/L.103) proposed in draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.66, which his country was the sponsor.
Eritrea and Malaysia subsequently joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised operative paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women are more than men, the age gap, and that the status of older women throughout the world must be a priority,
It was understood that if the reimbursement was calculated on the basis of a standard rate, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for their participation in a United Nations peacekeeping force.
It had discussions with the Secretariat to ensure that, in future, it would provide it with detailed information on the simplified approach.
According to the additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had planned 46 aircraft for 2002/03: 22 helicopters and 24 680 flight hours and 24 aircraft and 39 700 flight hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. by Mr. David Anderson, President of the Governing Council at its twenty-first session.
Finally, he announced that, at the request of UNEP, an advisory committee of judges had been established to deepen cooperation between UNEP and magistrates.
By a note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted Member States and received in writing the following thematic proposals:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures constitute a major impediment to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
Replace Gg CO2 equivalent with Gg
In many cases, the “crown churches” are involved in maintaining this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore not able to elaborate on the fate or whereabouts of the persons concerned.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, including 318 cases on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 through information provided by the source.
A few cases relate to persons allegedly arrested at checkpoints by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000, or abducted by Hezbollah and transferred to the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted two new cases updated on the basis of further information provided by the source.
Sixty-fifth plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our congratulations and thanks to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barthelemy, who, through their dedication and readiness, are honoured to the Secretariat.
19.24 The requirements of $796,000 relate to meetings of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender statistics, some other measurable aspects of socio-economic life and information technology implementation;
During the raid, two Palestinians, including a 15-year-old boy, Mohammed Rabie Saber, were killed.
Developments in the peace process
However, between July and September 2002, some absolutely condemnable acts committed by the regular armed forces resulted in the death of a considerable number of civilians, including elderly civilians, women and children whose responsibility for the conflict was far from proven.
One member from Eastern European States;
Noting that, given that some Parties have submitted or have not submitted notifications, and that delays have occurred in the conduct of in-depth reviews, the evaluation of implementation has been hampered,
It is expected that their implementation will continue to raise issues in the future, as time will need to change the financial management style and focus on products and achievements rather than on inputs and planning.
It is regrettable that the overall achievement of the goals set out in the Programme of Action is not achieved, thus leaving the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance that affect the lives of millions of people throughout the world.
They may do so in writing at any time.
C. Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee notes with concern that the rights contained in the Covenant are not adequately protected with respect to a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party request international assistance for the effective functioning of the Public Defender's Office.
It also commended the efforts of the State party to make public the results of its interaction with the United Nations human rights treaty bodies, including by making it possible to consult their reports on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and by translating its concluding observations into Estonian.
With regard to general comment, he felt that emphasis should be placed on equality between men and women.
Individuals and groups should have full and equal access to water, water and environmental information available to public authorities or third parties.
The “A package for a peacekeeper” operation enabled the deployment of peacekeepers to mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina and 15,000 packages at the end of the year.
Reiterates its request to the parties to intensify their efforts to take confidence-building measures and contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Uganda, Rwanda, Tonga.
In particular, a set of documents should be developed:
A collective approach and spirit have emerged.
We will achieve those objectives only by facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, by raising awareness of the populations of mine risks, destroying stockpiles of mines, by providing assistance to victims, facilitating their social reintegration and persuading new States to formally accede to the Convention and comply with its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political need of the Ottawa Convention, which is a means of significantly improving the lives of people in many countries seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also presented a synthesis of the evolution of the role of the Special Unit for TCDC and described some of the adjustments resulting from its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) Is the accomplice of a person who commits or attempts to commit one such act.
“ 1 bis.
If the man is committed by the author while he is carrying out a brue vehicle, under the use of drugs or drugs, which he or she has his or her personality or in a situation that undermines or reduces his or her mental, volitive or physical capacity, the sentence of imprisonment shall be doubled from that applied in the absence of such circumstances.
Each of the cases reviewed and the arguments heard, the President addressed the market recommendations for approval to the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) The holding in Brazzaville from 14 to 17 May 2003, of the nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee;
Convinced of the need to do all to contribute effectively and coordinated to meeting the challenge of the clearance of anti-personnel mines throughout the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition, the social security courses provided for young people entering the labour market are intended for young people without having completed their training.
Social security
The beneficiaries of the pension are surviving spouses and separated or divorced spouses, or whose marriage has been declared invalid.
That is why facilitating access to dignified housing is thus a principle that must guide public action.
(c) Management and resolution of individual economic assistance files related to protected housing and protection for rehabilitation;
In these agreements, central and self-government administrations maintain their respective standard-setting competencies, in a concerted manner, to achieve the cultural object of the conventions, which is financed in the proportion or amount awarded.
A solution may be to provide culturally appropriate education to children, from their younger age, and to raise awareness of gender issues so as to promote a new culture that promotes joint action against HIV/AIDS and improve the economic and social situation of all.
The rule in Barcelona Traction follows from the general principles of the law of societies recognized by civilized nations and not customary international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule in Barcelona Traction led States to resort to bilateral investment treaties that allow investors to settle their disputes with the host State before resorting to ad hoc arbitration tribunals or the International Centre for the Settlement of Investments established by the Convention for the Settlement of Investments between States and nationals of other States.
Barcelona Traction Authority
In the Delagoa Bay case, the United Kingdom and the United States have strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when they have intervened to protect their nationals who were shareholders in a Portuguese company in which Portugal itself had caused injury, but the arbitral tribunal seized the dispute had jurisdiction to set the amount of reparation to be granted.
A corporation may therefore not change its nationality for the purposes of diplomatic protection by changing its social headquarters, domicile or place of control.
Ibid., p. 4.
“The Court notes from the outset that the complainants do not complain of a violation of their rights as a staff member of the Fix smelter, such as that of the General Assembly and voting.
Mutual legal assistance is provided, as far as the relevant laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the requested State Party permit, in investigations, prosecutions and judicial proceedings in respect of offences of which a legal person may be held liable in the requesting State Party, in accordance with article [...] [Responsibility of legal persons] of this Convention.
(c) The full or partial allocation of the value of such proceeds or property or the proceeds from their sale to reduce the multilateral debt of the requesting State Party.
]
Proposed addition by Ukraine.
The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon are as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural youth throughout the world, FAO also emphasizes in its programmes, projects and activities the importance of close family ties and the protection of major family values.
Although the situation of these people has changed somewhat following the recent conflict, some families have been able to return to their homes, the relocation of displaced persons remains a major humanitarian concern.
Bearing in mind that cooperation between the United Nations and regional human rights arrangements continues to facilitate efforts on both sides in this area, and that there are opportunities for increased cooperation,
Studies and degrees
Publications
- Aspects of the rights of contingent soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Concern was expressed about reports of both external factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/OC.263) sent by Inocencio Arias, Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a supplementary progress report pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In that sense, I would like to repeat it, it would be necessary to strengthen the Secretariat's capacity and to learn from the success of expert groups.
It goes without saying that my delegation fully aligns itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcello Spatafora, who spoke with so many ostensibly on behalf of the European Union.
As I also represent today's debate the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan, I would like to underline the important and stimulating role played by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: postgraduate studies in political science at the University of Sacré-Corus of Milan
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers who had arrived without permission on the Island Christmas, the Cocos Islands and the Ashmore Islands had been returned to Nauru and the Isle of Manus in Papua New Guinea, where they would be accommodated in detention centres pending a decision on their asylum applications;
As a result of the signs in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we are confident that the preparatory process will be completed, but also the conference.
As we have stated on many occasions, we fully support the regional approach to the issues of the Great Lakes region, hence the importance of appropriate preparation for this international conference.
The Committee dealing with the issue of treaties has made some progress, including a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, but various policy issues have made any more difficult progress.
In the previous negotiations under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denktash, as part of a comprehensive package of measures, had agreed that the area of the Turkish Cypriot State was within that range.
The concrete results in the area of gender equality do not seem to be consistent with the number of measures taken or the political will of the Government of Canada; she would therefore like to know whether the Government had new ideas to move forward.
More comprehensive information would be needed on the services that women had access, on the financing of women's organizations and policies for women, on persons or bodies responsible for those efforts and on measures taken in cooperation.
OIOS rightly points out that the centres located in the second should be managed differently from those in the first, where access to the Internet and libraries is not problematic.
Ms. Afifi (Morocco) said that it was very important for the Organization to have internal oversight mechanisms to detect irregularities and recommend solutions.
It is important to detect these transgressions as soon as possible and to avoid their escalation.
The proposed items will be added to the list contained in the report of the Third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.4.2 The vappor aerosols must be classified as inflammable, extremely inflammable or inflammable in accordance with the following criteria:
The indigenous youth movement has insisted on revitalizing indigenous languages.
He does not obey any rule and seems determined to translate his declared intentions into reality despite the international conviction.
We have also noted that, in disregard of the will of the international community, the construction of a expansionist wall, usurping Palestinian land and preventing the Palestinians from living normally.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the necessary authority to undertake this vital task.
Emphasizing the importance of education in the promotion of tolerance, which is to accept and respect diversity, and that education, in particular in schools, should contribute effectively to promoting tolerance and the elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 calling for the necessary mechanisms to enable its associate members, including the small island Non-Self-Governing Territories, to participate, subject to the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, in special sessions of the Assembly to be devoted to the review and appraisal of the implementation of the plans of action of the United Nations observers, to which those subsidiary bodies of the United Nations were represented as observers in the United Nations system were represented as observers were also in the United Nations,
The value of an indicator on deposit guarantee mechanisms is easily explained, since the public considers that banks are not companies like others.
One such step was the establishment of a system for collecting information on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization should accept the status of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nétor Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
It is necessary to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system, and we must also strengthen the role of our international Organization as coordinator of the efforts of the international community to support affected countries, taking into account the priorities set by the authorities of those States themselves.
Legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities for disaster preparedness and management, including the transfer, military control, civilian control, disaster management responsibility.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters, New York, from 20 to 23 January.
He emphasized that full cost recovery was a fundamental requirement for the UNOPS business model.
They called for a successful retirement.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and curfews in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would enable the programme to exceed its objectives.
It urges them not to recruit children as soldiers or as auxiliary soldiers or even to combine them with the armed conflict.
Notes with satisfaction the success of the pilot project on the development of an international radio broadcasting capacity for the United Nations and endorses the Secretary-General's proposal that the pilot project be an integral part of the Department's activities;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide free access to the Official Document System of the United Nations through the connectivity of the United Nations website, to be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Suppl.
On a more encouraging note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all the official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group and stressed the need for that to continue.
It was noted that much could be learned from existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Basel Convention website (www.base.int).
At its 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on this agenda item on the basis of the draft conference room paper, as orally amended.
(a) Undertake and oversee concrete activities of the project on priority areas, including the production, movement and environmentally sound management of wastes, as well as the active promotion of transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, Croatia, Cuba, Czech Republic, France, Gabon, Guatemala, India, Ireland, Japan, Kenya, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, South Africa, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, Russian Federation, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, Russian Federation, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, Russian Federation, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, Sri Lanka, Sri Lanka, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, South Africa, Russian Federation, Sri Lanka, Russian Federation, South Africa, South
The French version of the UNGEGN's information kit had been published.
The Conference began its consideration of agenda item 21 (Adoption of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before it continued and adopted the final text of its draft report.
Noting also the essential role of this United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and the sessions of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During its meeting with local NGOs, the expert's attention was again drawn to the need to provide uniforms to police officers and to provide them with training.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on production, consumption and trade in forest products (1); database on forest resources (1); database on assistance to countries with economies in transition (1); maintenance of a website providing documents on meetings, excerpts of publications and information on activities related to the subprogramme on timber (1);
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information on child trafficking and child prostitution from, inter alia, the challenges of children, government ministries, the police, including the Central Office for the Suppression of Traffic in Persons and the Brigade for the Protection of Minors, and several NGOs.
(b) For meetings of the governing bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly complied with, unless otherwise decided by the participants; if the secretariats are unable to provide pre-session documents in all languages mandated for independent reasons of their will, they should, on an exceptional basis, submit them provisionally in the form of abbreviated or analytical summaries in the languages concerned, in accordance with the time frames set;
Although the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that it did not use the term “official language”, [signatories] [it should be emphasized] that, when the General Assembly of that organization considered a report entitled “Use of Portuguese as the working language of WIPO” (WO/GA/26/1), at its session in September-October 2000, it recalled the decision of the governing bodies that had been used in 1979 in the language.
Such an exercise could be carried out in the context of an inventory of the language knowledge of the staff that should itself be part of the periodic data provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or on human resources management.
It is also said that the time frame for translation will be added to the normal time frame for implementation.
For example, the peer review process of the Development Assistance Committee of the Organization for Economic Development Cooperation could be expanded to cover trade policies, debt relief and other economic policies, as proposed in the Human Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement comprehensive study programmes, including human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention with a view to changing stereotypical attitudes about the roles of men and women, and in particular to accepting the idea that child education is a social responsibility of both mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators to accommodate school dropouts and teenage pregnancies in national fertility surveys have been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that it had expressed following its consideration of the third periodic report on the law on the time limit of 300 days imposed on the widow or divorced woman before remarry.
The Committee recommends that the State party take further steps to ensure that everyone is able to reconcile family and professional responsibilities and promote equitable sharing of household and family tasks between men and women.
It is concerned that there is no systematic collection of data on violence against women, including domestic violence.
Under the Banking Act (No.
(b) A fine of $500,000, if it is a legal person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press release on the occasion of the exchange of correspondence relating to the visits of Argentina to South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, in which they stated, inter alia:
The facts and history of the contracts related to the project were described in paragraphs 304 to 312.
This amount includes (a) USD 2,3002 for the work carried out and materials that would have been delivered at the location of the project and (b) USD 1,457,674 for the retention of SEOG.
The evidence shows that the work of the last decayes (decrease 47 and 61) was performed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation for the departure of its employees from Iraq, for which the project assets were left behind.
No further deduction was made after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Iraqi customs authorities never cancelled the remaining portion of the fines (IQD 348,000) that they had inflicted on the Consortium.
In short, the Committee expects to shorten these reports and recommendations, whenever possible, and thus reduce the cost of their translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, in the follow-up to the major United Nations conferences and summits, the Council must play a central role in monitoring the concrete progress achieved towards the various goals established by those conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which Heads of State and Government have pledged to make every effort to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol enters into force and to start implementing the required reductions in greenhouse gas emissions,
That suggestion had not been accepted, but it was to be hoped that the authors would wish to consider whether a less frequent review would not suffice in the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of the Interior and Development of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed to the Executive Board to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore intended to provide the Committee with the necessary resources to carry out its tasks.
It cannot be justified in any way that is tolerated by this smuggling, whose impact is still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to promoting the equitable use of the resources of the oceans and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to the follow-up to the Millennium Summit, mention should be made of the Secretary-General's observation in his report that the goals could be achieved if, by 2015, we maintain and increase the momentum in the past three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, there can be no more important or noble goal than poverty eradication.
A death in suspicious conditions that have not been clarified has been recorded in the Mape detention camp, where Liberian combatants are being subjected to refuge in Sierra Leone.
The recovery of heavy weapons began in Mazar-e-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration will commence only in early January in order to allow sufficient time to verify the four divisions in the area, as well as the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers who are supposed to participate in the operation, twice in the pilot phases of Kunduz and Gardez.
However, these means should not be available before the beginning of the summer 2004, when five provincial reconstruction teams in the north of the country are expected to move under ISAF command.
Activities for which larger core resources should be identified include:
UNIFEM strategies
Ten-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on women, peace and security (S/2002/1154); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Experts Assessment on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Role in Peace-building (UNIFEM, 2002)
The Panel finds that these illegal imports of Serbian weapons have significantly increased the Government of Liberia in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations aid agencies are currently establishing five regional branches in Saclepea (Nimba), Voinjama ( Lofa), Gbarnga-Phebe (Bong) Harper ( Maryland) and Zwedru ( Grand Gedeh), from which they provide humanitarian assistance within the country.
Charles Taylor exercised control over all industries with high profit, lawful or unlawful profit, Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral bodies
The erosion of Islamist groups should be due to the improvement of the economic situation, the opportunities offered by power, social resistance, especially the right of elites to freedom and democracy, but also to the work of law enforcement agencies, both and the fact that the monquis appears to have lost the power to do with many young people.
It would now have 11,941 mosques operating under the Ministry of Religious Affairs, of which 1,840 would be completed and 1,079 in progress.
The working papers prepared by the major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report to the Commission on the work of the Committee on Energy at its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments, as: (a) ESCWA member States will support efforts to promote the use of information and communication technology to improve competitiveness and productivity; (b) there will be sufficient infrastructure and applications to support the establishment of networks and interconnectivity; and (c) Member States will make recommendations for the World Summit.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam was a religion of tolerance; the Shari had been perfectly compatible with human rights.
In particular, it was intended to establish effective filtering and filtration algorithms, as the combination of the problem was high.
In collaboration with the researchers of Lawrence Lvermore National Laboratory (United States) and the Imperial College in London, the Muséum of natural history continued to assess the in situ analysis techniques of particles found in a santge.
The main development challenges should be linked to the disposal equipment, the system of behavioural and orbit correction and its guidance, navigation and control elements, necessary to the safe approach of uncontrolled and unpredictable objects.
At least two degravations (e.g., an Ekran satellite and the outer floor of a Titan rocket) occurred in the geostationary orbit, but the corresponding fragments were not recorded, meaning that their orbits are unknown.
Item 3.
The Security Council supports the commitment of the Afghan Interim Administration to eliminate the production of drugs by 2013 and its efforts to implement the decrees prohibiting the cultivation, production and transformation of opium poppy, including illicit drug trafficking and drug abuse.
The list of these issues was presented by the author during the UNCTAD meeting held in 2002 in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not contradictory but rather complementary and interdependent.
• Regional security exceptions;
Minimum requirements for medically assisted treatment of drug addicts
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9, 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered quadrennial reports deferred from previous sessions under agenda item 4.
The Secretariat would prepare a draft letter-holder for distribution to the members of the working group.
With regard to the development of content, emphasis is placed on the design of products and services in languages, materials and presentations that allow for the dissemination and optimal use of broadcasters and users.
• In order to expand its outreach, the regional information centre will work closely with the resident coordinator offices in the countries in which they exist and can conclude partnerships with national institutions and organizations, such as United Nations associations.
Phase 2 ended on 4 February 2002 with the advent of the new multilingual system, which fully operates the multilingual capabilities of the Lotus Notes environment, allowing users to choose among the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity regarding the right and practice governing custody, the duration of such custody and access to counsel during the course of the detention.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Consultative Commission on Human Rights to function, in accordance with the Principles on the Status of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (“the Paris Principles”) as set out in General Assembly resolution 48/134.
Information on the measures taken by the authorities to prosecute the perpetrators of trafficking, as well as more specific information on the number of victims and the number of children receiving protection, repatriation and reintegration measures, should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements and the biennial support budget are fully in harmony with the four-year clarification period.
Ms. Shin commended Mexico for organizing the first global conference on women in 1975 and ratifying the Convention and the Optional Protocol very soon.
The equality of men and women is of particular importance in the area of economic and social development.
The main objectives of UNISPACE III were:
The Ministry of Justice has received requests for registration from more than 100 parties.
Examples of initiatives aimed at strengthening the capacities of LDCs for the implementation of the principles of good governance include the funding of the United Kingdom Department for International Development of a programme of reforms of local government in the United Republic of Tanzania; the support of the G-8 in the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which includes 34 LDCs; the participation of Italy in the African Regional Assistance Forum;
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example, have announced additional debt relief and, in view of the lack of reserves of the HIPC Trust Fund, some have decided to increase their contributions to the Fund, and the Government of Morocco has announced the cancellation of the debt of African LDCs and the duty-free access to their exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his latest report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), as well as the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
Relations with Jakarta have standardized; the militia members in West Timor appear to be largely demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to emphasize that, as the Secretary-General rightly said, the lasting stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of the Timorese leadership to the rule of law and its continued efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism has been established at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
The general discussion will be broadcast live on the web and archived for a visioning at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity referred to the representative of Turkey is only one - and I am referring to the terminology of the European Human Rights and Administrative Code of Turkey, which is subordinate, local and no other.
The Anti-racism European Football Network also organizes, annually, Monecchio, Italy, the Anti-racism World Cup, a cultural and sports event that brings together artists and non-certificates Europe and belonging to migrant communities.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Panel discussion on “Reducing the risks of biological weapons”
Regulation 34
(b) If both spouses are Secretariat staff, only one of the couple's members may benefit children under the provisions of subparagraphs (a) and (ii) above, then the other may be entitled to the provisions of subparagraph (a) (iii) of that subparagraph if it otherwise meets the requirements;
The consideration of this issue has led to a discussion of measures to increase transparency in the field of small arms and light weapons.
In view of the importance of partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, the meeting called for more such initiatives and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II to the Staff Regulations - the amount of the education grant and special allowance
Annex III
(ii) Issues relating to registries under Article 7, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions reached by the 2000 Review Conference on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons;
Gravely concerned about the discrimination against girls and violations of their rights, all of which often result in less than boys' access to education, adequate nutrition and physical and mental health, that they are less entitled to the rights, opportunities and benefits of children and adolescents, and that they are often subjected to various forms of cultural, social and psychological exploitation,
Emphasizing the need for the Convention on the Rights of the Child to establish the standard for the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, and mindful of the importance of the optional protocols to the Convention relating to children engaged in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing and ratifying or acceding to the Optional Protocols to the Convention relating to children engaged in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography;
Believing that a collective action is more successful, it believes that all nations in a position to do so should contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
This is the management of mine action data and standards.
I do not intend to prejudge the intentions of the high-level panel of eminent personalities on United Nations reform, but, in my view, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is contemplated in peacekeeping mandates and, where appropriate, included.
See, in general, Best Practices in Poverty Reduction: An Analysis Framework, Else Øyer (ed.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, at the earliest possible date of the closure of the session of the Commission, chapter II of its report containing a summary of the work of the session, chapter III containing the items on which the observations of States would be of particular interest to the Commission, and the draft articles adopted by the Commission on first or second reading;
During the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers pledged, under the Charter, to ensure that the Territories under their administration reach an appropriate level of self-government.
The Chairman: If no other delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Special Committee shall hold in 2003, within existing resources, at least one session of 10 working days, prior to the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
One outcome of the meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation policies and legislation.
A. 7), chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now in the urgent need for assistance and support from the international community.
Saint Lucia, which chairs the Assembly, is preparing a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the competent support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What will be the result on the Indian industries and the emerging industries of poor countries?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that what has happened in Iraq — the atrocities of yesterday — the rebuilding — is a dramatic historic event and that the international community must promote this reconstruction and be with us at this time.
Mr. Hu commended the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that, although China had not signed it, it had not prevented it from engaging in exchanges and cooperation with the signatory countries.
Of the 250,000 people who had been killed in war-related circumstances since 1989, at least half would be civilian non-combatants.
(f) To facilitate the free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and property throughout Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In case of a violation of the rights of women of any kind in employment, the person concerned shall have the right to refer to the court in accordance with the Code of Civil Procedure.
There are several non-governmental organizations working on family planning issues in Latvia.
Despite these efforts, the Panel has been disabled in its work by a number of factors, including its low level of performance, and the division of the country, as well as by the alignment of many press bodies with the positions of either camp and by the piecemeal nature of information infrastructures outside the capital.
In spite of this, the Assembly has always failed to refute the prosecution's failure to fulfil its Charter mandate.
It is therefore encouraging — in view of the commitment to the completion of phase II of the plan for the elimination of weapons by 24 December 2002, as planned — to note that the Plan of Action for the collection of weapons was adopted at the Buka meeting on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key to progress in the peace process, in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998 on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 57/291 of 20 December 2002,
This is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by an international organization, within its competence and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
Of course, this must be done under the supervision of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): At the outset, I would like to thank you, Sir, for organizing this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that action must be taken with caution.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal is willing to help the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, through the provision of troops and other resources.
The Committee's recommendations complement the efforts of intergovernmental bodies and processes, including at the high-level summits and conferences held since the last report in 2001, such as the World Summit on Sustainable Development held in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development, held in Monterrey in March 2002.
Because of their geographical and economic isolation and marginalization, they are often increasingly exposed to violence, particularly domestic violence and trafficking.
Africa II Division
Fourteen countries received assistance of $4 million or more.
The members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was indispensable, and that it was necessary for Angola to try to solve some particular humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea): Mr. President, thank him for organizing this meeting.
I believe that, from the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly well placed to develop and strengthen the technical capacity of Bougainville to the extent of its technical and other expertise.
With the support of the Yugoslav People's Army, the Serbian forces have taken control of some parts of Western Slavonia and Eastern Slavonia, finally bringing these territories into one State, “Replaudika Republika Srpska Krajina”.
Combating desertification is an important component of sustainable development in addition to being an environmental issue.
This cooperation links individuals and enterprises in developing countries and helps to attract domestic and foreign investments for the development and modernization of productive capacities, thus increasing the competitive position of the manufacturing sector in developing countries.
For our part, Jordan rejects all misconceptions and sinister campaigns aimed at denigrating Arabs and Muslims by labels such as terrorists.
It is behind the discussions that took place before the war and are still fuelling controversies, an acute evil in the distribution of power in the international arena that emerged after the cold war.
The suicide attacks targeting innocent civilians must end, and the occupation of Arab land must cease.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly regain its primacy in the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council be more visible and relevant to ordinary people.
Stresses the need to establish a transitional administration in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations and governed by the United Nations, in order to ensure stability and to create conditions necessary for lasting peace and human rights.
As for the follow-up to paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future courses would welcome more participants should be commended.
The review process was not intended to renegotiate the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that indicators on general policy, whether at the national or international levels, were more difficult to identify indicators for achieving tangible results such as certain types of technical assistance.
As part of the establishment of new mechanisms, the issue of stability in flows should be given sufficient attention.
The errors of this type noted in the report, which might seem to be superficial, were in fact serious and fundamental if they were addressed in a political context.
He cautioned the representative in question that, what he was talking about the historic allusions he had chosen to do, he needed to compare the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been exiled, with the current political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
H. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and admission of observers 29 - 30 7
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, effective 1 January 2004:
Assistance to developing countries in their multilateral trade negotiations on services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in that area had been recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General hereby transmits to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization, in response to Economic and Social Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998, and 53/200 of 15 December 1998.
It also participated in several ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of leading industrial associations and non-governmental groups.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions have been carried out with or by natural or legal persons residing in countries that do not cooperate with the International Financial Action Task Force (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, established the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa, at Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and at the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, social and economic policies respectful of the environment, democratic institutions responsive to the needs of people, the supremacy of law, anti-corruption measures, gender equality and an enabling environment for investment are the basis of sustainable development and are indispensable for the provision of adequate housing as a component of the right to life;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is due to the gradual downsizing of the civilian police, which will be reduced from 3,0555 in July 2004 to 2 195 in June 2005.
The report concludes that the combination of evaluation based on various ratings and a multisectoral approach is fruitful.
Emphasizes that all future and existing peacekeeping missions shall be given equal and non-discriminatory treatment in respect of financial and administrative arrangements;
The members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (Oman), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Malevich (Belarus), Vice-Chairperson-cum-Rapporteur.
insolvency proceedings law
I would also like to express our appreciation to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his extremely useful comments on the contribution of the Economic and Social Council to the peace process.
Model provision 51 is approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations at the recent nineteenth session of the Programme and Budget Committee, the Director-General assigned to the Director-General of the Programme Development and Technical Cooperation Division the task of further strengthening evaluation and developing appropriate performance indicators.
Before reproducing it in other integrated programmes and adopting this combined approach as a model methodology of UNIDO, the indicator framework is being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions to be adopted by the Council
Annex II
The Hydril claim relates to six contracts with INFO for the sale of items for use in oilfields in Iraq.
Although the basis for such comparisons is not ideal, as has already been mentioned, the elements that would show that UNIDO assumes a disproportionate responsibility because it manages all VIC buildings are sufficiently convincing.
NEPAD promotes the creation of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening scope of reservations is clearly reflected in the late formulation of a reservation, and therefore the restrictions adopted in the latter case (Guidance 2.3.1 to 2.3.3) must be transposed to cases of assessment of the scope of reservations, which in turn reflects the current practice, including the current practice, including the current practice, including the current practice of reservations.
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposed a definition of objections taking into account conceptual considerations and the study of practice.
When landfills are properly sealed, the risk of infiltration of oil into the underlying waters is infrequent.
Please describe the legislative and/or administrative measures taken to implement this travel ban.
The procedures for the import and export of arms are addressed to questions 22 and 23 and any activity other than those provided for in these procedures shall be considered an offence under the applicable criminal law in this case.
Outer space:
A list of space systems devoted to sustainable development is contained in table 1.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): During 11 years, the General Assembly of the United Nations has adopted annually resolutions calling upon all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and to abide by the principles contained in international legal instruments, repealing or invalidating all laws and measures with extraterritorial effects, which affect the sovereignty of other States, the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction.
Castro remains stunned against any political opening and continues to deny the Cuban people the most basic rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Asset Disposal Unit would be expected to evolve with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council on the question
Upon arrival at 0910 hours, the inspectors met with the Director of the warehouses and asked questions about the activities carried out at those sites, the type of drugs and diagnostic equipment stored, the structure of the enterprise and the names of its main managers, and asked whether vaccines had been imported and distributed and whether changes had occurred during the past four years.
A 24 per cent ceiling and a floor rate of 0.01 per cent will be used for the preparation of the scale of assessments of States Parties for the budget of the Tribunal (see para.
At the twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was decided that the Tribunal should continue to proceed in accordance with its current practice with regard to staff assessment, pending the adoption of a decision based on a detailed proposal to be submitted by the Tribunal to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the above-mentioned Act provides for separate protection for persons who organize or participate in the strike, provided that the movement is organized in accordance with the rule of law.
The equality of access to public higher education provides an incentive for students who wish to pursue their studies by encouraging them to achieve good results at the secondary level.
As a result, phenomena such as soil erosion and the extinction of plant and animal species in some quarters (forêts, rivers and lakes) could impede the harmonious development of Montenegro, which means, in contrast, that the current level of poverty could continue.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 concerning Social Security (minimum standard), insured persons who have contributed for less than 20 years are acquiring the right to retire at age 65 for men and 60 for women after 15 years of contributions.
See table 18.
The European Union emphasizes the importance of the rapid deployment of the force of internal displacement and the international stabilization force.
Have you met with implementation problems related to the presentation of names and identification information currently on the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly*
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Limitation Period in War Crimes and Crimes against Humanity of 26 November 1968 must be able, in this case, to apply fully in the same way as those, when justified, the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have internationally defined safeguards for the protection of children, but they remain without success.
That attitude should be repudiated by the Security Council, as it is cynical, anachronistic and constitutes an act of violation of the ceasefire and the agreed truce.
Concerned about the fate of many Kuwaiti and third-country nationals who have disappeared since 2 August 1990,
(We hope that the principle of gender equality will be implemented.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly
The discussion of this topic today is therefore an absolute necessity and is very much about.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement in explanation of position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear any objection, I shall put the draft resolution to the vote now.
Under sub-item 117 (b):
The Panel also reviewed several claims relating to industrial or commercial losses allegedly caused by the claimant's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
b Excludes USD 2,174,379,83 for business losses sustained by Kuwaiti enterprises, whose review will be given to the “E4” Panels pursuant to Governing Council decision 123.
Stresses the need to combat the wider acceptance of the internationalization and realization of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to formulate the necessary actions and to implement the right to development as a fundamental human right;
Developments in the human rights situation since the signing of the Peace Agreement
That is why the next Government urgently needs to build on the successes of police, judges, prosecutors and human rights activists whose dedication and courage are the basis for reform.
There is yet no comprehensive global definition of universal human rights obligations that correspond to the right to education.
The truth about the events of Khodjali
This reference to international organizations motivated the inclusion in article 2, paragraph 1 (i), of the following definition for the purposes of the Convention:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, held on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered the progress and introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Introduction)).
In order to address the new priorities, it was necessary to identify obsolete activities.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections were held in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly, which established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of 1983, which currently governs the institutional life of the nation.
Decisions regarding the next meeting of the Committee on Budget and Finance, including dates and venue.
Improving and modernizing the conference facilities of the United Nations Office at Nairobi to ensure that the conference facilities are adequately accommodated in important meetings and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance of the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and embodied in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “National research on space debris, safety of space objects with nuclear power sources and problems relating to their collision with space debris” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on “Preparations for the use of nuclear power sources in outer space” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.265/Add.1).
The space object function: The satellite is used for commercial communications and defence purposes.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet done so to impose full financial institutions on the appropriate implementation of comprehensive programmes in the area of duty of precaution and vigilance that may promote transparency and prevent the illicitization of funds acquired;
We highly appreciate the initiative of the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global assessment mechanism for the marine environment, based on a previous General Assembly resolution, General Assembly resolution 57/141, and the report of this year of the Secretary-General, which is now reflected in draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a transparent and regular inter-agency cooperation and coordination mechanism within the United Nations system to fill the gap left by the abolition of the Subcommittee on Oceans and Coastal Areas.
By ratifying the Convention, we affirmed our belief in the application of the rule of law for the oceans of the world.
The results of the project, including specific recommendations on minimizing risks to biodiversity resulting from mining activities to oceans will be transmitted by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the upgrading of the base/floor salary scale, the Commission noted that any changes in staff assessment rates to address imbalances in the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the United Nations Secretariat, which had indicated that no immediate change was required.
On 20 September, he was reportedly arrested arbitrarily by members of a humanitarian commission composed of NGOs, women's plants and the Office of the Ombudsman of the Valle del Cauca, who travelled to Cali to support the march of the peasants of Cauca.
It is worth noting the adoption of Act No. 747 of 2002, which, inter alia, trafficking in persons is a criminal offence.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda* Coordination, programme and other matters: United Nations Information and Communications Technology Task Force
Such support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute to poverty reduction in the long term.
The experience of the United Nations itself shows that in most cases the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is shaped and structured by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of the conflict resolution.
In addition, programmes for the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration of ex-combatants must be implemented to combat the trafficking of arms, in particular small arms and light weapons, to return refugees and internally displaced persons and to promote human rights.
I would, however, like to make a few remarks at this stage of our discussion, and first, we would like to comment on the developments in the Council's work.
Some of these conflicts are sufficient to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from post-conflict to another.
Before turning to the role of the United Nations to emerge from those conflicts, I would like to make a comment on those conflicts themselves.
We firmly believe that in order to be credible and effective, the Council must enjoy the full trust and support of the international community.
He also stressed that the Charter should be the basis for ensuring the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network has shown how various partners of the international community can work together to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for the lead countries of the Youth Employment Network*
Opening of the session
The travaux préparatoires shall indicate that, with respect to paragraph 2 (a) of that article, a State Party may choose to establish procedures for the recognition and enforcement of a foreign decision to freeze or seize the freezing or seizure, or to base itself on such a decision in order to seek a freezing or seizure order from its own authorities.
Governments have used security legislation to justify censorship of certain human rights information and to retaliate against defenders.
Effects estimate: Several Parties provided an estimate of the effects of various transport sector policies (Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, European Community, Czech Republic, Estonia, France, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland).
Policies and measures with broader objectives than addressing climate change: The most commonly reported policies in the agricultural sector fall under this category.
Policies and measures to combat the emissions of CH4 from the rocking of animal origin focus on reducing the number of livestock warheads by reducing the size of the national livestock and intensifying crop practices combined with a higher yield rate, reducing the number of livestock (Belgium), decreasing livestock (Slovakia) and research programmes specifically designed to reduce the number of crops (NCDs).
The special session of 2003 on the budget of the Executive Board of UNICEF will be held on 1 and 2 December 2003, in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth network, which relates to renewable energy sources, is expected to be established by the end of 2003.
Such networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
The contemporary vocabulary provides the words “real time” or “Internet” as if the slightest delay in transmission and processing the information was removed from any reality, or in any case the devaluation was severely depressed.
All countries that measure certain economic functions have a common focus on whether the function is within the enterprise or is performed between several enterprises.
Many of the measures taken in the past few years would have been impossible without the progress made in terms of concepts and definitions through practitioners of the OECD Working Group on Indicators for the Information Society.
Finally, the Secretariat should indicate the proportion of extrabudgetary resources allocated to each of the chapters considered during the previous four bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi) with the following paragraph:
In Ghana, the HIV/AIDS prevalence rate of 3.4 per cent has not declined over the past two years, although other countries in the West African region have less than that of 5 per cent to 11 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific in terms of commitments and expenditures.
In this context, I am pleased to recall the directions we have committed to set in Tunisia since the change of 7 November 1987, which have identified, among the priorities, the establishment of human rights, in their various dimensions and in their comprehensive design and include the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The hegemonic ambitions impose on the smaller countries of the region the obligation to make high military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, Iraqis are beginning to stand on foot with the help of their allies and friends, and they look forward to the assistance of the international community, under the auspices of the United Nations.
If the table does not indicate a conservativeness factor for any source category, a factor applicable to a category of similar characteristics should be used.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 to read:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect the human rights of all persons irrespective of their situation;
Decides to continue its consideration of the question at its sixtieth session under the agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, wherever occurring in the world”.
We also welcome the appointment of Mr. Jacques Klein as Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
From that point of view, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet attained the level of economic and social development, but also political, which would enable it to consider the final status issue in an immediate future.
In particular, the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Kosovo Assembly is a good sign.
Such transfer is of crucial importance.
In Kosovo, therefore, much work remains to be done.
The continued existence of the Kosovo Protection Corps is likely to destabilize the region, leading to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the staffing structure of the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the scenario proposed by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by the new United Nations building under a lease agreement upon the expiration of which it would become owner of the building and the field on which it would be built;
Decides to examine further the conference services and support services to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003, in light of the Security Council's review of the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
Businesses are increasingly firmly in the process of reporting on the impact they may have on society and how they manage.
The text of its statement on the remaining five reports, covering the system as a whole, will be communicated to delegations in a timely manner.
One of the areas of activity that have changed considerably in recent years is the preparation of documents for ship crews.
Section III of the Penal Code, entitled “Criminal offences against individual liberty”, provides, in article 151, that any person deprived of his or her liberty by unlawful means shall be punished by a term of six months to three years of imprisonment; if the act includes the use of threat, abuse or grievances, or if it is committed in a spirit of revenge or by way of profit, or even if the act constitutes a serious injury to the property, or causes serious injury to the injury to the victim, in case, in case, in case, in case, in case, in case, is a serious injury to the victim, and is a serious injury to the victim, and is a serious injury to a serious injury to a serious injury to a serious injury to a serious injury to the victim, in case, in case, in case, in case, in case, in case, in case, in case, and is punishable under the victim, in particular, and is punishable by reason of the victim, in particular, in case, in case, in case, and is punishable offence, in case, in case, in case, and is punishable, in particular, in particular, in particular, in particular, in particular,
Various regulations and laws apply to each component of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, to the extent possible, the names of persons or entities associated with Osama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida who are not listed, unless the disclosure of such information undermines investigations or enforcement measures.
The main strategic commitment of South Africa to the Middle East conflict, as clearly demonstrated by the Presidential Seminar for Peace in Spier, concerns the strengthening of the peace camps in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of South Africa's experience with a wide range of civil society and with the Governments of Israel and Palestine; the contribution to the process of reform in Palestine and support for international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the military component of MINUR was completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative staff had to leave the Mission area at that date, in accordance with the desire expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources contacted, about 60 per cent of the Liberian territory were under the control of the rebels;
United Nations Development Programme
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community has committed to sharing responsibility for reducing the social and environmental vulnerabilities of the region (most; rebuilding and transforming Central America in accordance with the integrated principles of transparency and good governance; consolidating democracy and good governance; strengthening the decentralization process, with the active participation of civil society; promoting respect for human rights (permanent objective) with special attention to ethnic and gender equality.
During the reporting period, the Council has thus considered many issues of major concern for the maintenance of international peace and security in Europe, Asia, including the Middle East, Oceania and in Africa.
In the area of security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that sporadic fighting in the north, south-east and to a lesser extent in the west of the country constituted threats.
They called for the expansion of the membership of the Security Council so that it can recover its legitimacy, be more representative of the state of global geopolitical and better reflect it.
I have the honour to refer to your letter addressed to President Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 regarding the request made by Judge Navanethem Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to seek an extension of his mandate to the Tribunal until the completion of the so-called Mediation case, which should not go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention given to the situation of women and girls and the integration of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of the major conferences, special sessions and summits, and in the follow-up thereto, and reaffirming its commitment to building on the progress achieved,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the Chairman of the Commission at its twelfth session will have to come from the Group of Eastern European States and the Rapporteur of the African Group.
The Committee shall take action against this position for the reasons set out in the general report.
Ms. Acar said that the Committee's concern about raising the age of marriage with a view to reuniting families was a necessary consequence of its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether special measures had been taken, such as childcare and separate classes, to encourage immigrant women to attend Danish courses.
Over the past two decades, governance has become a concern for both developed and developing countries, especially those facing all, at the beginning of the century, of the same types of problems, though there are different issues: corruption, constitutional crisis, economic stagnation, ethnic conflicts, and increasing crime.
Organization of the work of the session
Requests the administering Power to collaborate in the development of programmes to promote the development of viable economic activities and enterprises, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
THE SECRETARY-GENERAL
Stresses the importance of simplifying and harmonizing requests for reports from the United Nations system to Member States and urges relevant United Nations agencies and bodies to adopt, in consultation with Member States, simplified and harmonized methodologies and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and upon request, in the preparation of reports based on national data and statistics;
“The Government of India had previously instructed the State of Karnataka to leave the order to leave the country for father François Marie Godest.
Technology had a role to play in expanding access to information, in particular geographic information systems, which, in the form of databases and software tools, could improve access to information for planning, logistics (e.g. for evacuation routes) and other purposes, allow for the understanding and forecasting of phenomena and solutions to geographical issues, and facilitate public participation.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now have the pleasure to deliver the words that I am convinced of all of us: we have now concluded our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
Since December, I have undertaken a number of bilateral, group or open-ended consultations in Geneva and New York.
According to one view, liberal policies to deal with cannabis abuse were not only a threat to public health, but were also contrary to the efforts of developing countries, which were making considerable efforts and resources to reduce the cultivation of cannabis in their territories.
- In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Office has engaged several public debates and consultations on legislative reforms on the status of women in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 young girls have benefited from this fund.
The first promotion of 116 teacher students is expected to achieve the completion degree in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector are the increase in life expectancy of all Guyana, the reduction of disparities between social groups, improved access to care and quality of care, and the guarantee that health services are provided at an affordable cost.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations on remedies, including a draft law that provides that lawyers are accountable to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary steps to promote and broaden cooperation and coordination between the secretariats of the two organizations in order to enable them to better achieve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, the participants highlighted in particular the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
The distance-learning programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations were working with the staff of various ministries and agencies involved in the fight against AIDS and the lessons learned were then disseminated throughout the country.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that it associated itself with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department suggests that the problem could be solved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 to 57/128 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) Sharing information between law enforcement bodies in sensitive areas or disputed border areas; joint border control and customs control activities;
This form of integration was highlighted in the commitments made by the Copenhagen Summit and the special session in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme State Control Board oversees the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of State funds by central and local government bodies and the economic activities of legal persons with more than half of the shares or actions (arts. 162 to 165).
Having also considered the letter from the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council dated 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia addressed to the President of the Security Council, enclosure,
If necessary, it would also follow up on operational, financial and personnel issues relating to MINUGUA.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Missiles”.
Those who have commissioned and perpetrated these crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nicanor Duarte Frutos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan indicated that it had concluded bilateral extradition treaties with 27 States, which included terrorist acts defined as extraterritorial offences, and reported that more than 450 alleged terrorists had been extradited under those treaties.
Such activities are being carried out with the Commonwealth Secretariat on the drafting of legislative guides with the Organization of American States to support the work of the Office in Haiti, and with OSCE.
Thematic communications campaigns
A senior official of the Department visited Brussels in June to review preliminary provisions with relevant officials of the Belgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed site for the Pole.
The meeting provided a useful opportunity to exchange views between the Department of Public Information staff working at Headquarters and their colleagues in the field offices, as well as several external guests, on how to manage the transition from the concept of regionalization to its implementation.
The official position of the United Nations on issues of major titles is communicated by the Office of the Spokesperson through press briefings, interviews and briefings.
Any person who carries a grazing or other presentities for livestock, without permission from its owners, or of grassland in the vicinity of the forests that supply water villages, even belonging to individuals, is liable to imprisonment from 6 to 18 months in prison.
The average vacancy rates for the Professional and higher categories in several budget sections (56, 19 and 22) were higher than budgeted, including delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, separation and temporary assignment to higher posts (A/58/558, para.
Under the Penal Code, “recruitment” means asking a third party to perform an act, which is not in itself punishable by law.
In Swiss law there are many criminal norms applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (annex 1 to the first report of Switzerland, of 19 December 2001, contains a list of these offences).
On 1 January 2002, the Act to improve the protection of civil courts in cases of unwanted acts of violence and sexual advances, as well as to facilitate the allocation of marital housing in the event of separation (Gesetz zur Verbserung des zivilgerichtichhen Schutzesbei Gewaltaten und Nachstellungen sowie zur Erleichter, “relicher” (hung Eewelts) violence, etc.
This is applicable only if the person is provided to the Federal Employment Service before receiving maternity benefits or before raising children, or in cases where unemployment or unemployment has ceased to be paid.
A balanced participation of women and men in the political system has yet to be achieved.
In addition, in view of the increasing number of divorces, women cannot rely on the survivor's pension.
Part II contains a presentation of the measures adopted since 1998 to implement the Convention.
In this area, the plan of action of the Federal Government provides for a series of measures to improve the situation of data by reorganizing the criminal statistics of the police and conducting a representative investigation into violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children, held in December 2001 in Yokohama, it became clear that there was greater awareness of the problems of child sexual exploitation and that many measures had been taken.
This decision seeks to prevent and combat the production, treatment, distribution and possession of pornographic material involving children on the Internet.
- Offenders - differentiation rather than generalization;
6.4 Judicial procedures for the Germans who have committed sexual violence abroad
The previous regulations on the right of custody and the right of visit did not provide for the right of custody for the benefit of unmarried parents.
- Manual for municipal equality activities in Sax, drafted by the Ministry of State for Women and Men (Stack);
- Obligation for all Land and Local Authorities, as well as for all other legal persons subject to the supervision of the State free of Sax under the law, to work for the equal participation of women and men (section 15 of the Sax Act on the Advancement of Women (SächsFG) of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of SächsVBI), p. 15 of 31 March 1994.
Social assistance, civil commitment
Gleichberechtigungskonze “ Konzept für die Förderung der gleichberechtigen Betilig von Frauen und Malnerno am Entwicklungsprozess”
The only solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which is increasingly serious, in recent times, is the implementation of the Quartet's road map, as was said, of the remainder, in the Quartet Declaration at its last meeting in New York.
The issue before us highlights the fragility of the situation and the importance of establishing a more comprehensive peace agreement for the entire Middle East region.
Article 8
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003, that, as in the past two years, the debate, rather than focusing on the annual theme, would focus on the introductory statement by the High Commissioner.
Programme, administrative and financial matters
Since 1997 Member of the International Association of Prosecutors
Such measures should enable the tracing and control of firearms owners.
Women and girls who are victims of such trafficking are subjected to violence and have their human rights seriously violated.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibn Chambas Executive Secretary
Moreover, as the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular staff from the scope of the study, the logic was that international organizations should be excluded from the study.
Administrative and financial matters 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not miss and that we will have the political will to move forward, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/227 entitled “Further measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic, social and related fields”.
We also join previous speakers in thanking the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields” (A/58/359).
The national policy and strategy to combat malaria was launched in 1995.
It is also crucial to involve local governments, civil society and the private sector in the development and implementation of road safety policies.
It could also consider the possibility of implementing the Secretary-General's proposals, contained in his report on the Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and establishing an ad hoc informal working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss measures for the peaceful settlement of disputes that could be implemented in the case of conflicts already brought to the attention of the Council or will be held in short time.
When the Security Council will be able to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, in order to put an end to wars and promote peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of regional peace and security, the international community can no doubt invest more hopes in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
This balance must be said to have the primary responsibility for the parties themselves, even if they can resort to external intervention to help them resolve their differences.
We must strongly reaffirm our adherence to the rule of law in relations between States and thus to the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of jurisdictional channels.
(a) To take measures to protect students from violence, bodily harm or ill-treatment, including sexual violence and intimidation in schools, to establish complaints mechanisms that are accessible to children, and to initiate in-depth investigations into all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit, by 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), indicating, inter alia:
In addition, the Council is reviewing the system of accountability, which has served as an inter-agency coordination mechanism following the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-President, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem closely linked to other global issues that are at the core of the United Nations mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, as well as each party to an armed conflict, marked and terminated, removed or destroyed explosive remnants of war in the affected territories under its control.
Welcoming the continuing cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and other organizations working in the field of competition law and policy, and in particular the commitment made at the Fourth WTO Ministerial Conference, in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Awais
The deployment of MINURCI is well under way, a first group of 26 military liaison officers arrived in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new communications strategy is being developed in preparation for the World Summit on the Information Society to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The intervention of the United Nations system in East Timor has been a particularly interesting and informative experience to draw if it is to be confirmed by the positive results and to prevent future failures.
The work began in May 2000 and the document was circulated in November; the overall framework was established and approved by UNTAET.
Albania*, Algeria, Andorra*, Angola*, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh*, Belarus*, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina*, Brazil, Bulgaria*, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Croatia, Denmark*, Czech Republic*, Denmark*, Finland*, France, Georgia*, Greece*, Guatemala, Hungary*, Iceland*, Italy*, Japan, Liechtenstein*, Luxembourg*, Malta*, Mexico, Nicaragua*, New Zealand*, Norway*, Panama*, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russian Federation, South Africa*, Romania, South Africa*, South Africa*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, South Africa*, Slovakia*, Slovakia*, Spain*, Spain*, Slovenia*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Romania, South Africa*, Slovakia*, Slovakia*, Slovakia*, Slovakia*, Slovakia*, Spain*, South Africa*, Slovakia*, Slovenia*, South Africa*, South Africa*, Slovakia*, South Africa*, South Africa*, South Africa*, South Africa*, South Africa*, South Africa*, South Africa*, South Africa*, South Africa*, South Africa*, Slovenia*, South Africa*, South Africa*, South Africa*, South Africa*, Spain*, Spain*, South Africa*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, South Africa*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain
In the preamble of the instrument, States parties declare “determined to end the suffering and loss of human lives caused by anti-personnel mines that kill or maim hundreds of people every week, for most innocent and defenceless civilians, in particular children, impede economic development and reconstruction, prevent the repatriation of refugees and displaced persons into the territory and have other grave consequences for years after their establishment”.
Let me thank all delegations for encouraging me in my efforts and consultations, and I would also like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzhonikidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and all members of the Secretariat, for their effective assistance.
In that context, the close links between man-portable air defence systems and small arms and light weapons were discussed.
We call upon the coalition forces to achieve this essential objective and to intensify coordination with relevant international bodies and institutions in order to enable the country to return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of an international fund for higher education in Iraq in order to provide immediate and long-term assistance for the rehabilitation of higher education in our country, Iraq.
We have taken note of the Secretary-General's call for the overhaul of our institutions by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this theme will, in fact, depend on the degree of objectivity of our approach and the realism of the proposed measures.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has declined, their role in national strategies in some countries has not been drastically reduced.
I am firmly convinced that for all countries in East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and we are all of the view that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interests of any of the countries in East Asia.
Mr. PETÖCZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that that group supported that idea.
First, the analysis of Security Council resolutions, unilateral statements by nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones shows that security assurances are generally accompanied by reservations by nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDERS (Netherlands): Mr. President, even if this meeting is already the last that you preside, I believe that this is the first time I take the floor since your assumption of this function.
Stresses the importance of developing the human and institutional capacities of indigenous peoples to find solutions to their problems by themselves;
It reviews and approves the financial statements and reports on the audit of these statements transmitted to it by the Committee on Budget and Finance, together with the observations it considers appropriate.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial provisions.
It is important to emphasize that the current level of assistance is insufficient.
In our view, it is important that national mine-action strategies be put in place to ensure an effective decision-making process on short, medium and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has founded the Lebanese National Demining Office and has established, with the assistance of the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, the Southern Lebanon Mine Action Coordination Centre.
We can do this through a protocol that would be annexed to the Convention and take into account the security interests of countries while helping us to eliminate old mines, which, like new ones, destroy lives and property and impede efforts to end desertification, achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
As of June 2003, the Fund's pledges amounted to only $4.7 billion, compared with the estimated global expenditures of approximately $10.5 billion per annum to implement programmes for prevention, treatment, care and support.
Country offices
Credit Line - similar to those contained in the UNDP, UNFPA and UNICEF Financial Regulations
In addressing items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of children), 115 (Eradication of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will provide for dialogue between its members and special rapporteurs and representatives who will report on their activities.
The world now has about 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
While the conventions outlining the need to respect human rights were essential instruments, it was also necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Panel endorses this decision and fixed the date of loss for Palestinian category “C” claims on 2 August 1990.
Recognizing that domestic violence against women involves human rights,
Owing to their separate legal structures, the role of specialized agencies in technical cooperation has not been addressed.
This simplicity has a price, namely, a certain arbitrary one and the cost of the details.
Why are many organizations engaged in technical cooperation?
It had taken the initiative to support coordination of gender issues.
(b) Its resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “An Agenda for Peace: preventive diplomacy and related matters”, its resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1993 entitled “An Agenda for Peace”, in particular section IV entitled “Special economic challenges due to the implementation of preventive or enforcement measures”, and its resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997 entitled “Supplement to the Agenda for Peace”, in particular annex II, entitled “United Nations sanctions”,
The building and development of democracy and the approach taken by the United Nations system on this issue must take into account the fact that there is no single recipe for achieving democracy.
By that statement, the Secretary-General affirmed the considerable importance of the culture of peace, and the attention that must be devoted to the universal Organization as a whole, not just one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the celebration of the International Decade for the Promotion of a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World, 2001-2010 is more than an altruistic aspiration of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the objectives set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, as well as in the outcome document of the World Food Summit: five years later, in which the commitment to eradicate hunger is renewed,
Emphasizing the need for the industrial transformation of commodity production in developing countries, in particular African countries and the least developed countries, in order to enhance productivity and to stabilize and increase their export earnings, thus promoting their sustainable economic growth and integration into the global economy,
Accordingly, I appointed Mr. Parker as a permanent judge of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, effective 4 December 2003, for the remainder of Mr. David Hunt's mandate until 16 November 2005.
This programme of action remains a benchmark year for the evolution of the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations would like to point out that, in the view of the Government of Colombia, paragraph 2 of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requested the Conference on Disarmament to consider the elaboration of the principles that could serve as a framework for regional agreements on conventional arms control, it could enable the Conference to resume part of its activities and to break the impasse in the past three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on Territorial Asylum of the Organization of American States, OAS Convention on Diplomatic Asylum, United Nations Declaration on Territorial Asylum.
Its effects go far beyond borders and therefore international cooperation is absolutely indispensable.
It is up to the Third Committee, which is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that the programme is well understood and translated into reality.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to enter into commitments for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003, not exceeding $12 million to be met from the accumulated balance in the Special Committee for the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission;
The Special Rapporteur intends to present in 2004 a final report in which he will examine these two issues, so that the first reading can be completed during the same session.
The Commission on Equal Opportunities and the Equal Opportunities Fund were established with a view to establishing cooperation with the private sector on all matters relating to the employment of women.
The use of these targeted summaries would be flexible, optional and available data.
For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it a note by the Secretariat on the exchange of information: establishment of an electronic clearing house (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In this context, future workshops could also consider an exchange between small groups of participants from industrialized countries, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
He also referred to the various technical assistance projects supported by the Commission, including the INFOCAP network, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on national profiles.
Items on the provisional agenda of regular meetings
Quorum in open-ended subsidiary bodies
The communication may include suggestions on the options that this Party considers most appropriate in the present case;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims corrections
Norway urged all countries to agree on a modus operandi that would help to alleviate and protect victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to strengthen their national efforts in parallel with international efforts.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that, if, on the basis of principles, her country believed, as the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression (A/CONF.189/PC.2/24), the Internet was a unique tool to promote human rights, and it was important to recognize that, in practice, the Internet had a positive impact on human rights.
The best way to reach consensus on guiding principles is to hold consultations with Governments.
Mr. Paul Krugman, School of Public and International Affairs ( Princeton University); Mr. Jagdish Bhagwati, Professor of Economics and Assistant Professor of the Chaire Arthur Lehman (University Columbia); Mr. Manuel Orozco, Director of Central America for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Ouedraogo, League of consumers of Burkina Faso, will make presentations.
Information on workshops and training courses on combating international terrorism-related crime
In addition, it is unclear how macroeconomic and structural reforms required under the poverty reduction strategy process affect poverty and social conditions.
It is therefore continuing to consider new options for rapidly increasing international liquidity when necessary by various means, including temporary special drawing rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with those decisions, His Majesty no longer chairs the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, whose function is met annually by rotation, is now the Head of Government and, in practice, the Prime Minister.
The Government agencies of Bhutan have an obligation to recognize that women are a significant part of the population to which they are directed, and therefore need to design, implement and continue to administer services tailored to the specific needs of women and men.
This is mainly due to the development of primary education and the fact that schools are better able to retain their students.
A multisectoral task force has been tasked to address the growing threat of HIV/AIDS at the national level.
Many men welcome the larger number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another restricted study on women's participation in financial decisions, 27 per cent of respondents stated that they were involved only in decisions on obtaining financial loans, while 14 per cent took joint decisions with their husband.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has taken initiatives to improve the capacity of public sector staff in many countries, providing advice, upon request, on the reform of the civil service.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established Iraq's liability for losses related to the invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
The Panel also finds this rate applicable to claims for loss of enjoyment of funds, which are similar.
See also the decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph 79 of the E2(7); paragraph 71 of the E2(11 report; and paragraph 89 of the E2(1 report.
E2(3) report, paragraphs 97 to 99.
Report of the United Kingdom on the realization of the goals and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East
Pursuant to article 8, paragraph 1, of the Extradition Act, persons who have committed terrorist acts, even if such acts are regarded as political crimes, may be extradited.
What are our goals?
The Secretary-General's report reminds us that the situation in Iraq is facing real challenges and challenges that all of us face here and now calls upon the international community to challenge the coalition.
The establishment of a robust civil society will be crucial to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like, on behalf of my Government, to renew its deep appreciation to the Council mission and to the Council for its willingness to find answers to complex issues facing our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other United Nations coordination mechanisms.
- Support to associations and organizations working to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The programme lasted 10 months, including 5 months of theoretical education in Madrid and 4 months and half a month of practical education in developing countries' organizations; a phase of evaluation in Madrid is also planned.
These groups are young people from 16 to 30 years, women employed in occupations deemed to be masculine, the more than 45 years, those who have been unemployed for six months or more, and workers who, at the time of the conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same enterprise under an indefinite or fixed-term contract prior to 31 December 2003, including training contracts.
It is in the age of 25-29 years that the daily consumption of tobacco among women is the largest.
This improvement, however, is less marked by women (37, 5 per cent of long-term unemployed women) than men (55.36 per cent).
Members of permanent missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress achieved through the establishment and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic fact remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, in the most cynical and most cruel manner throughout the world.
This meeting is the first public meeting of the Security Council in 2003, a year in which I am convinced that the Council will be ready to meet.
We will resolutely join all initiatives to enforce international agreements in this area.
Such zones are often non-right areas.
Activities planned to implement the request
- Over 150,000 houses or apartments (total of 23,570,000 square kilometres) have been looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the accounts of the United Nations were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The computerized Model for the analysis and assessment of feasibility studies (COMFAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programme framework and the strategic directions of the Organization for South-South cooperation, as well as the thematic initiatives undertaken by the United Nations, including trade facilitation, rural energy for productive purposes and rehabilitation and reconstruction of the crisis-based industry,
It is so decided.
It is so decided.
Recognizing that the rapidly changing socio-economic situation, cultural, individual and social factors, as well as the supply of illicit drugs, have exacerbated the problem of the use of psychoactive substances worldwide,
In view of the ambiguity in the English title of the topic, the Commission decided to continue to take a working assumption that the topic related to “activity” and to defer any formal changes in the title to the later.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the heading “United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace resource requirements (before recosting): $3000,500 per resource requirements (before recosting): $364,200
The Commission requested the Government to indicate whether it envisaged amending the relevant provisions of the above-mentioned laws in order to include the principle referred to in the Convention.
These decisions were made in consultation with Iraqi observers, including those attending weekly meetings on economic issues and high-level officials of Iraqi public institutions, and the initial budget proposals were prepared by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are, indeed, the considerable benefits that will be made for the people of Iraq.
The percentage of Afghan women employed by UNHCR increased from virtually zero in early 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme and 36 per cent of all national protection staff.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers of Defence and Security in September should complete the constitution of the Government of National Reconciliation and thus eliminate an important obstacle in the peace process.
However, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution stipulates that the President of the Republic may delegate some of its powers to the members of the Government.
Beyond what we divide us, we have a collective responsibility to find the unity of the international community.
We have begun consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on the adjustments to the current oil-for-food programme that would provide continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicine in Iraq.
The programme of work continues to be studied by my authorities, and we reserved the right to give our views on the programme as soon as that analysis was completed.
If a Party considered that it needed assistance to halt the consumption of methyl bromide to stabilize the dates, it could remind the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming its work by consensus,
(i) 680 ODP tonnes in 2004;
All discharge operations should take place on planned locations, reserved exclusively for authorized staff.
The funding mechanism has been established in accordance with Article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to provide financial and technical cooperation to Parties operating under Article 5, paragraph 1, in order to enable them to comply with the regulatory measures provided for in Articles 2A to 2E and Article 2I or any other regulatory action contained in Articles 2F to 2H pursuant to Article 5, paragraph 1 bis of the Protocol.
Law enforcement officials had also participated in overseas training programmes.
Some States reported that they would also be vulnerable to telephone, telex and postal services.
(3) The party seeking to enforce an interim measure of protection shall promptly notify the court of any cancellation, suspension or modification of that measure.
Suggestions to improve the wording of the bracketed text were made, including that the court could suspend the enforcement proceedings until the parties had the opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties had been duly notified.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be given a more visible and important role in support of international affairs and in the implementation of the programmes for the economic and social development of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of appropriate information, communication and transport technologies should also be supported by technical cooperation and investments required to strengthen the capacity of local service providers, or create such capacity, could require donor support or funding by international financial institutions.
A similar consequence is provided in the United Kingdom, where the consumer is entitled to cancel the contract, unless a competent court is competent to hear disputes relating to the contract in question, decides otherwise at the request of the service provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme reached its peak at the end of 2002.
Procedure
It is apparent that the calculations have been made on the basis of a exchange rate of 0.98 euros per United States dollar.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, if necessary, at future sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward reported on the outcome of those consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Harvard Law School ( winter 2003), Visiting Professor Robert F. Kennedy, in association with Professor Philip Heyman, a course entitled “Bing power to justice”, analysing the different functions of prosecutors in countries of common law and civil law and examining different national and international approaches for judging State actors who have committed violations of the law; also organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption: the rule of law in development”.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as an entity responsible for the functioning of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its Climate Change platform and the Special Climate Change Fund for the implementation of the activities referred to in the framework of meaningful and effective actions to enhance the implementation of Article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention,
Welcoming the first progress made in the implementation of the framework for meaningful and effective actions to enhance the implementation of article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, contained in the annex to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial results, 2002-2003
It also noted with appreciation the financial and other assistance provided to the Programme by the Government of Austria, the authorities of Styrie and the city of Graz, Austria, the Department of Physical Geography of the Stockholm University, Metria, the National Office of Topography and the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, it is considered that many people infected with the virus do not know.
The project targeted the PANEK Steering Committee, as well as secondary and high-school students.
Recommends that consideration be given to the holding of a joint informal debate that could enrich the work of each Commission; better use could be made of the General Assembly's debate in plenary on the issues considered by the two Committees;
This important work has been possible, inter alia, through its subcommittees and experts.
In the event of the dissolution of the marriage after the consumption of the marriage, the woman shall, in addition to maintenance for the duration of the viral period, be entitled to compensation for which the amount may not exceed one year of maintenance, depending on the means of the ex-mari, and shall be paid in monthly terms of the end of the viral period, unless otherwise agreed between the parties regarding the amount and modalities for the payment of such compensation.
The following table illustrates the evolution of the budget for education in the school years 1993/94 to 1997/98:
The nurseries are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which conducts regular inspections to verify compliance with the relevant regulations.
In this regard, the State of Kuwait wishes to recall that its Constitution, in many of its provisions, makes equality one of the pillars of the Kuwaiti society, first in the preamble, and then in article 7, and in article 29, which covers various aspects of this principle by linking it to the dignity of human beings, rights and duties.
Effective management will also improve recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
National Coordinator for the World Marche against Child Labour, 1998
Counsel for the development of a programme of courses on social justice, Department of Demographic Studies, Tribhuvan University, 1999
Each State Party shall transmit to the Conference of the States Parties, as required, information on its programmes, plans and practices and on its legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
If the status quo refuses any prospect, freedom and the development of those who have been hungry and who live in despair, the temptation of anarchy and extremism, as a means of changing, becomes much more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to designate the Ambassador of Bulgaria, Mr. Tzchev, as President of the Annual Conference of the States Parties to be held in 2003 and the representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland, as Vice-Presidents.
Declarations and reservations
Rapporteur: Isshtiaq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and should strengthen universal human rights standards, as set out in international human rights instruments,
(c) In the event of a special debate, its theme should be relevant to human rights and should take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
That situation should not be repeated.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and regular compilation of recommendations made over the years by the various thematic mechanisms.
Contribution made under both resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They deal with the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (d) (i), (ii) and (iii), on the development of short, medium- and long-term proposals for the elimination of racial discrimination against people of African descent, including proposals for a mechanism to monitor and promote all their human rights, taking into account the need to work closely with international and development institutions.
As for the Harareaz centre in Iran, it was a technology centre for human resources development for the restoration of land and development on rice production.
Lastly, she called on the State party to conduct a national health survey and to consider the findings in the next periodic report.
As a result, the duty to protect it was also incumbent on the world.
- Recovering of the two sites by appropriate means (e.g. masses or septic);
Some observers sought a possible increase in the demand for United States dollars because the United States was now controlling Iraqi oil wells.
It is essential to give new directions to the economic cooperation of Arab countries by assigning the private sector a growing role in development and economic choices.
The Foundation was able to collect about 3.5 million euros, which began work on the site.
At present, four resident coordinators are UNICEF staff ( Half are women), including one women in trust.
If these conditions are met, the goals and targets approved at the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
In addition, the financial implications for the establishment of an additional office in Brussels have not been taken into account by JIU.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has approached the Organization's 1990 gender targets.
(a) Nine regional offices should be progressively strengthened by the transfer of technical posts from Headquarters.
At the same time, SCO member States are constantly and invariably guided by the principle that combating terrorism must be based on the norms and principles of international law and cannot be equated with a struggle against any religion, certain countries or nationalities.
Activities of the Joint Inspection Unit (continued) (IDB.27/19 and Add.1 and 2; IDB.27/CRP.3)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Request for consultative status by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with annex I to General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the themes proposed for the high-level segment and the coordination segment of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit to you the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The Afghan people referred to the decision to extend its mandate.
The draft resolutions under these agenda items reflect that determination and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) Use, in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee established by resolution 661 (1990), before the expiration of the period set out in paragraph 10 below and taking into account the recommendations made by the Office of the Iraq Programme, the funds submitted to the accounts established pursuant to paragraphs 8 (a) and (b) of resolution 986 (1995), as much as necessary and as appropriate, to settle the suppliers and carriers agreed to meet the additional costs of shipment, as appropriate, and to meet the requirements for the costs of the costs of the additional freight costs of shipment of shipment of shipment of shipments, as required;
10-11 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
As the costs of the work of the Working Group are included in the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would have no impact on the Working Group.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the large majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate substantive discussions at the session of the Commission, the secretariat has prepared a thematic note entitled “Policy options for enhancing the competitiveness of SMEs” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Chairmen of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and the chairpersons of commissions, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right to vote provided that they are representatives of participating States;
In general, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees or working groups are closed.
The Council expressed its concern about the continuing regional factors of instability and requested the Secretary-General to make recommendations, as soon as possible, on ways to combat these subregional and cross-border problems, focusing on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also deplored the absence of political contacts between the parties and called for them to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government submits to it for advice all draft laws.
It was to be hoped that it would be able to present a report on that subject to the Commission at a future session, especially since the document issued in 1991 following the World Summit for Children and the outcome document of the special session of the United Nations General Assembly on Children, held in 2002, had specifically referred to the situation of children living under foreign occupation.
In line with the second Millennium Development Goal, in 1996, the Government established free and compulsory basic education for all, which significantly improved school attendance.
In order to avoid such an incident, it is imperative for States parties to be present at the time of the meeting.
“The Security Council emphasizes that the United Nations is ready to promote political dialogue if requested, and to provide resolute support to meet the humanitarian and development challenges of demarcation.
It may acquire or dispose of real or movable property in accordance with these Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting has three days from 16 to 18 July 2003, to carry out its work.
According to these corroborated reports, the situation in the valley remained calm, without serious incident, throughout the reporting period.
Observations
Quadrennial reports 1997-2000 submitted through the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report submitted pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know what are the most appropriate indicators, which will necessarily be relevant to different aspects of the right to health, and then in the current work of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that prolonged solitary confinement of a detained or detained person may be treated as offences prohibited under article 7.
Article 10, paragraph 1, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any person deprived of his or her liberty under the laws and authority of the State and is detained in a prison, a hospital - a psychiatric hospital in particular - a detention camp, a reorganization centre or another place.
For that reason, it is necessary to determine whether a unilateral statement is a reservation or an interpretative declaration and to determine its admissibility and effects.
Thirty-eighth session (1990)*
(l) To continue their cooperation with the Committee to promote the effective implementation of the Convention;
(h) Raise awareness of the importance of programmes of measures aimed at the situation of victims of descent-based discrimination;
In some States there are traditional and cultural practices that affect the health of women and children.
States parties should also report on measures adopted to ensure prompt access to family planning services in particular, sexual health and reproductive health in general.
Thus, for example, the article emphasizes the importance of respect for parents, the need to treat rights in their general ethical, moral, spiritual, cultural or social context and the fact that most children's rights, far from being externally imposed, are rooted in the values of local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, which provides an update on recent meetings, activities and outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, adopted by Heads of State and Government at the Millennium Summit, by which they pledged to eradicate extreme poverty and in particular to halve, by 2015, the proportion of the world's population whose income is less than one dollar a day and that of people suffering from hunger,
In 2001, the Government limited to six years the work permits granted to foreign workers to ensure that more Bermudians are recruited and trained for the best jobs.
The United Kingdom Government has continued to advocate that legislators adopt European human rights standards, particularly with regard to sexual discrimination.
Pursuant to paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations to consider all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without vote, in the deliberations of those bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “Synergies and responses: strategic alliances for crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat computer-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, he invited Governments of Latin American and Caribbean countries and other interested Governments to participate in the regional meeting of Heads of National Drug Law Enforcement Agencies, with a view to establishing the meeting of Heads of National Drug Law Enforcement Agencies, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and provide the necessary financial resources,
(a) Partnerships are voluntary initiatives by Governments and various stakeholders: major groups and institutions;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other matters.
Introducing the item, the representative of the Secretariat drew attention to the documentation prepared in that regard (see annex VII) and indicated the measures that the Committee might take on the matter.
Decides to submit the following to the Conference of the Parties for consideration and possible decision at its first meeting:
An alternate or adviser may act as a representative on the appointment of the head of the delegation.
Subject to the provisions of rules 28 to 32 and changes decided by the Conference of the Parties, these rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The Chairperson or Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may be given priority in explaining the conclusions of that subsidiary body.
He indicated that his organization had supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities related to persistent organic pollutants, including the identification and quantification of dioxin and furan releases in Thailand, the organization of the Expert Group Meeting on Best Available Technologies and Best Environmental Practices and workshops on good industrial management, which had enabled an exchange of best practices on managing under-products, and in-products, in Brazil.
To that end, the Monterrey document repeated dozens of times the importance of the principle of cooperation.
Only a few countries monitor the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective border controls, using reliable estimation methods.
The report noted that comparative studies made the problem more complex.
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org).
A preparatory mission comprising IAEA and UNMOVIC staff, including the IAEA Director-General and the Executive Chairman of the Commission, visited Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet with Iraqi counterparts led by Mr. Amer H. Al-Sadi, to advise the Chairman, to discuss further logistical arrangements and to relocate the office of the inspectors to Baghdad.
The Agenda 21 website for sport and the environment is www.unep.org/cpp/sport_env (all types of sports activities).
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi show that there are opportunities to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, long-term reconstruction and development.
The failure of Cancún is a result of what happened in Doha, where major countries with trade refused to grant the promised concessions on development issues.
Switzerland gives priority to the preservation of humanitarian space, in all circumstances and without derogation.
“The strict internal and external closures, the increase in curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have led to a further deterioration in the economic indicators and increased poverty and unemployment among Palestinians.
Here, we should recall the responsibility, individually and collectively, of the parties to the Convention in respect of its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the prior consent of the Advisory Committee, the amounts that may be necessary to cover the advance payment of insurance premiums if the period of insurance extends beyond the biennium in which the payment is made, provided that the Secretary-General shall request in the proposed budget for each biennium the appropriations for that purpose for the duration of the policies, in order to meet the requirements for the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments are insufficient to prevent violations, and strict measures must also be taken to address the social and human problems that encourage them, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement and social inequality between the peoples of developing countries and those of the developed countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, to be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Protection Force, the United Nations Operation for the Restoration of Confidence in Croatia, the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force and the United Nations Headquarters;
Of course, it remains vital that every one of us continue to participate in the coming years.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of oversight becomes increasingly important at both the regional and international levels, and effective verification becomes necessary to ensure international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpiles of mines by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to ratifying the Treaty, have already expressed individually — and more than one occasion — their opposition to nuclear weapons.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on those principles.
Of this amount of $2.270,000, $250,000 is proposed for the ICAO tender.
Possible modalities for the reimbursement of costs
Head of Liaison and Protocol Liaison Officer A and Liaison Officer B
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and Council resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is unclear whether the origin of the funds is lawful or unlawful, only account for the act of collection and purpose.
The Bradley report indicated that any order adopted to meet the needs of any options would take for at least one year.
ESPAGNOL
“terrorism — to cause an explosion or to trigger a fire or to commit any other act that endangers persons at risk of death, undermines their health, causes considerable material damage or causes other harmful consequences for society, with a view to undermining public order, causing panic among the population or influencing the adoption of decisions by public authorities or by international organizations, or even threatening to commit such acts”.
Women remain mainly present in low-paid and low-level positions.
Draft decision II Suspension of consultative status
We therefore encourage States that have not yet done so to submit their statements to the Secretary-General in order to ensure the universality of the Court.
Their infatigable participation, combined with their firm commitment and diplomatic qualities, largely explains the success of the Special Committee.
Now, as is the case for all treaties, the end of negotiations marks the real beginning of the commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 94.
Washington, D.C., 11 April 1949
The draft resolution, entitled “ Almaty Programme of Action: partnerships designed to meet the special needs of landlocked developing countries and establish a new global framework for transit transport cooperation among landlocked and transit developing countries”, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I now have the pleasure to introduce the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
It welcomes the decision of the European Union to establish a peace support facility to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the implementation of the peace initiatives of the African Union.
The right to know the truth about past events is indispensable in order to prevent the recurrence of the same violations.
My Government has firmly committed itself to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be much more representative to reflect demographic and geopolitical realities and to gain credibility.
Outreach services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee on 28 April 2003
We have managed to understand that success or failure in any area, if important, could not mean United Nations salut or loss.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to respond to questions, such as the presentation by all United Nations information centres of an annual plan outlining its activities in a strategically selected message.
In order to plan and make further changes without budget overruns, we have had to review some of our priorities and propose to redirect resources accordingly for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had a comparative advantage in some aspects of the negotiations and should contribute to their preparation through its analytical work, consensus-building and technical cooperation.
These products had low national value added.
The commodity-dependent LDCs faced a particularly difficult challenge, since commodity prices had fallen considerably in real terms.
Development assistance strategies had been redefined to support poverty reduction and many donors included trade and investment-related technical assistance.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and acceding countries (Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia, and Cyprus, Malta and Turkey), said that coherence was important and that participation in the sessions of the Council of Representatives of other institutions and agencies was positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNFIP) has assisted the Task Force in developing and expanding partnerships.
In order to strengthen its outreach and to facilitate contacts with national policymakers, the Special Unit has established a web-based database that includes the coordinates of policymakers and ICT officials in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to allocate, within existing resources, the necessary financial and administrative resources for the effective functioning of the inter-agency secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate and requests it to continue to:
Documentation
Election of a representative Government to succeed the Afghan Transitional Authority following free and fair elections in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a guide to Senegalese women is published periodically, which deals with issues such as civil status, marriage, food obligation, inheritance, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land ownership and credit, and the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo-Addo.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Considerations relating to the possibility of the United Nations serving as supervisory authority under the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the ECOWAS forces and French forces to continue to work in close consultation with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to report regularly to the General Assembly on all aspects of the implementation of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council, as document S/2003/500.
The Lusaka regime for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is fundamental to assist Africans in building their capacity for peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted late to the conference services, without the explanatory note required by the General Assembly in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in the case of late submission of a report to the conference services.
The International Business Companies Act of 2000 provides for the elimination of the actions required by the holder and, where these actions have already been issued, their reminder and replacement.
These services include the direction or execution of financial services to the Bahamas or from the Bahamas, including online financial services, registration of directors or administrators of international trade companies, provision of international trade companies for services of registered agents and offices, provision of professional or executive services to international trading companies, provision of action-oriented services, provision of services to international trade companies, provision of partner services to registered companies and other companies (existributive trade unions) and the provision of services provided to registered companies.
In addition, administrative and legislative arrangements allow for the inclusion of some persons on a national exclusion list.
Participation in the workshop was beneficial.
For example, the Section provided advice on compliance with projects implemented by national entities, based on UNDP experience in this area.
In 17 offices, the control of presences and absences was not conducted in the rules.
This feedback also recognized the importance of planning regular project audits.
In this regard, Governments have been encouraged to request their implementing agencies to use the same reporting format in order to streamline and facilitate the timely reporting of activities.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
The number of staff could be reduced in the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991 from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/23306, S/23307, S/23308, S/23309 and S/2337)
The information that organizations should obtain and seek to verify would include the following: verified accounting performance for the past five years; past and present legal difficulties; identity of other major clients.
Affirms also that the United Nations is firmly committed to equitable treatment on as wide a geographical basis as possible of all bidders, whether procurement or outsourcing;
Mr. Negroponte (United States of America): At the outset, I thank Assistant Secretary-General Türk for his timely briefing on the progress of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Montserrat had been in a phase of “recovery and reconstruction” since 1998, it had been difficult to cope with an increasing emergency situation while facilitating the development process.
The funds provided funding for environmental, training and health projects, as well as legal and legislative programmes.
With respect to the currency of payment, it would be necessary to inform shipping of the benefits of the official system from other channels of security and speed of transfers.
• It is working towards the fair and speedy trial of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of relations with the administration, the Federation has faced many challenges because of the lack of clear human rights guidelines and knowledge- and skills to endorse the projects.
With regard to strengthening the resident coordinator system, increased participation of the United Nations specialized and technical agencies in the functioning of the resident coordinator system is considered by Member States as a positive measure.
As a result of the armed conflicts and civil unrest in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania has remained in recent years one of African countries hosting most refugees in its territory.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary steps to ensure the translation, in the Somali language, of the present resolution, including an appropriate explanatory note, as well as the wide dissemination of the text in the country, through the human rights officer for Somalia established in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for groups at risk, particularly drug users, to reduce the risk of transmission of infectious diseases such as human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda for the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting is contained in annex I.
Discussion
The view was expressed that OHCHR should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States continue to receive documents in an appropriate form.
The addition of the phrase “to support efforts to promote new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was contested, since the Second Committee had not yet reached consensus on the matter.
Some members suggested that the publication be sales rather than free of charge.
The Council's consultations with the member countries of the New Partnership and ECA had been welcomed.
A/58/6 (Sect.
Investigations into the cause of injury may also be lengthy, particularly in countries where the maritime security authorities and/or the courts themselves investigate the demographics and take some time to publish their findings.
As part of the draft amendment to Act No. 1015 entitled “Love y renaissance los actosilícitos destiny a lagitimación deinero o welles (Act on the Prevention and Punishment of Unlawful Acts against the legitimization of capital or assets), it is envisaged that the scope of application of the law, even if article 11 (n) of the current text is intended to “other legal activity”.
It is important that the Commission not disperse its attention.
It must also reaffirm its belief in the importance of the participation of civil society as a strategic partner in the work of United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions in which women exercise their professional and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 265 of the Labour Code, mothers raising three or more children under 16 years of age, or two children and more for women living alone, receive an additional day of leave per week, paid according to the average daily wage.
The link between reproductive rights and family law is clear: maternity and paternity are the direct consequence of the exercise of the reproductive rights of citizens.
The adoption of new codes of marriage and the family, and work was the most important step in improving legislation.
UNIDO's investment and technology promotion activities are aimed primarily at promoting partnerships and organic linkages (such as technology transfer, outsourcing, common marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign companies and national enterprises.
In this regard, the clean production programme has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO's services to enhance energy efficiency, with a view to training staff at the PNPP and for the identification, development and implementation of technical cooperation projects to be submitted for funding to the Kyoto Protocol and the GEF.
It is nevertheless ready to provide the Commission with any additional information that it may wish.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It examines the results achieved in the areas of development and the organization, in particular the linkages between assessments, knowledge acquisition, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC is planning to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on this issue in the near future.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,696,600
Demands that the parties of Liberia cease hostilities throughout Liberia and comply with their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the Ceasefire Agreement, including with regard to collaborating in the formation of the Joint Monitoring Commission established by the ceasefire agreement;
Invites donor countries and recipient countries to consider including, in their bilateral programmes and projects, training of armed forces, security forces, corrections, police and medical personnel, issues relating to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture, without neglecting their gender dimensions;
The Study Group held an initial exchange of views on the basis of the report of the 2002 Study Group (A/57/10, paras. 489 to 513); and the thematic summary prepared by the Secretariat, of the debate held by the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
Principal resources of the programme
• Ensuring the comprehensive management of the decision-making processes and activities of the Office of the Prosecutor required under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the rules of the Office of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit highly qualified persons so as to have diversified and adjusted staff by offering career opportunities and training opportunities, ensuring effective management of their entitlements and rights and by establishing a system that ensures that all staff are physically, psychological and emotional to perform their tasks.
• All particular equipment and items are subject to receipt and inspection before admission to the Court
• New Intranet modules
Substantive Organization in The Hague and the field
Three interpreters per language for French, English, Russian and Spanish and four by language for Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider adopting appropriate legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of this Convention and in accordance with the fundamental principles of its domestic law, in order to increase transparency in the financing of candidatures for elected public office and, where appropriate, the financing of political parties.
(a) Public dissemination of information on procurement procedures and markets, including information on tendering and relevant procurement information, with sufficient time being given to potential bidders to prepare and submit tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the absence of double criminality to refuse to provide assistance pursuant to this article.
(c) Satisfaction with the special needs of Africa: consolidating democracy, lasting peace, eradicating poverty and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, very poor developing countries, more than others in the same category, is presented in the following box; it is shown how the country works, with the assistance of the United Nations system, to involve various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “Everything but weapons”, the Group of 77 looked forward to exploring with its development partners how to encourage such policies to contribute directly to improving living conditions in African countries, to which the international community should provide full support if it was to achieve the goal of reducing poverty in the Millennium Declaration.
Three key aspects of the information and communication technology strategy:
For the time being, we must take the necessary measures to prevent the situation from escalating and to ensure that our President is not suffering any difficulties.
(e) Ensuring the maintenance and strengthening of the political and operational support of the Tribunal by external partners, such as Governments and non-State entities;
In addition, it is necessary to provide the necessary time for the pleadings (for example, they usually take two to five days, depending on the number of accused).
The practice of simultaneous trials consists of two cases for consecutive periods, for example, trials A five weeks, trial B five weeks, trial A five weeks, etc. Counsel for defence in the case of A leaving Arusha, while trials in the case of B.
Members of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) welcome the study, which they believe is a well documented and useful framework for reviewing, reassessing or adjusting existing policies in support of extrabudgetary activities of the United Nations system.
In accordance with that resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur has submitted 10 main reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 progress reports to the General Assembly, supplemented by 18 addenda to the Commission or the Assembly.
It would also like, while recalling the need for respect for the freedom of the press, to draw the attention of the Egyptian authorities to the need to combat any advocacy of religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and should therefore be prohibited by law.
In accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized an expert seminar to examine the interdependence of democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group B
At the same time, in the past decade, European institutions, initiatives and legislation have been expanded to include, considering that the protection of minority rights is an integral part of any democratic developments.
As Guyana looks into the collective system for its peace and security, it is important to ensure that the new reform Council can reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is of paramount importance.
We must therefore build global institutions and create effective partnerships within a fair and open trade, and support for the development of the least developed countries should also be strengthened.
A regional strategy has also been developed to facilitate response to HIV/AIDS.
Mr. Pavanjeet Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where appropriate, the adoption of a cross-border perspective for the sustainable development of mountain ranges, and the exchange of information thereon;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration in order to implement more effectively chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) To closely monitor the functioning of the global project to support the preparation of national communications, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and to continue to ensure that the implementation of the project is consistent with the guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications under the programme of work has been reconsidered.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As requested by the Statistical Commission at its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) To coordinate the work of the London Group, including its meetings and the preparation of the records of its work;
Thirdly, the work of the Department of Public Information should be intensified.
By increasing the volume of Russian-language information on the United Nations web site, the number of Russian language visitors was increased.
At the 4th meeting, the President also invited representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, after consideration of a proposal by the Chair, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, relating to subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) of item 10, for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session.
Notes
The sulphur and salt of women are among the most important chemical elements and metal deposits (sacus, zinc and lead).
From 1990 to 2002, Poland reformed its public service.
(h) Cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen cannot lose his or her citizenship unless he renounced.
Under article 41, paragraph 1, deprivation of liberty or restriction of freedom shall be admissible only in accordance with the principles and modalities provided for by law.
The issue of the Uazzi and Hasbani rivers continues to be a source of tension and possible escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Even if these posts are frozen, they will continue to be included in the approved staffing table (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities requiring additional resources is contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments have had to be made due to variations in the exchange rate between the United States dollar, in which the United Nations accounts are recorded, and the euro, currency of the host country.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget as set out in table xx below;
Takes note of the Peace Fund: Peaceful settlement of territorial disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as the main mechanism, in view of its broader regional scope, for the prevention and settlement of territorial and maritime disputes, also takes note of the Caribbean Trust Fund established by the Conference on Maritime Delimitation in the Caribbean, held in Mexico from 6 to 8 May 2002, which is aimed at facilitating the participation of States in the Caribbean, inter alia, through the provision of technical assistance to facilitate the Caribbean, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, the negotiations, the Caribbean States, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the Caribbean, the establishment of the Caribbean, the provision of the Caribbean States, the Caribbean States, inter
Also takes note of the Pacific Islands regional policy approved at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest that financial resources from bilateral donors were increasing and noted the initiative of the United Nations system to improve the coherence of their technical cooperation activities.
Some children and Government troops as well as the rebels have abducted or persuaded to join their ranks have been sent to death on the front lines.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Recognizing the responsibility of the international community to defend human rights and to respect international law,
He therefore supported the proposal to defer consideration of the item for two years, on the understanding that the motion did not imply a position in favour or against the two draft resolutions; it was simply to recognize the need to base the convention on consensus.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Public awareness of the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to help boost economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property referred to in note 11 to the financial statements was the property of the organization as at 31 December 2002, and was not subject to any charge.
In a memorandum of 5 February 2003, OIOS found that the “special clause” remained invalid, since it was included in the contract at the time of recruitment, without prior use by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General shall provide all necessary assistance to special rapporteurs and the joint mission to enable them to discharge their mandates fully;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in political discourse since the 1980s, indigenous peoples are accusing the Bank of a lack of commitment to the implementation and respect of these policies, which are thus often interpreted as a mere smartade.
CFTF Secretariat 35-37 Sackville St. Helena.
Almost all countries have a chemical sector, but nearly 80 per cent of global production is 16 countries, many of which are OECD members.
Resolution
In that regard, it was pointed out that, in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council had made clear that claims of political motivation should not be considered as grounds for refusing requests for the extradition of alleged terrorists.
The documents of the technical meetings and seminars held at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) Make comments on the future direction of the Partnership and on its programme for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to transmit the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the Conference of the Parties for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of this post;
The increase in non-post resources (8,107,800 Swiss francs, or 5.6 per cent) relates primarily to the increase under grants and contributions (830,900 Swiss francs) to cover the costs of services rendered to ITC by the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Central Support Services of the United Nations Office at Geneva, including the reduction in the requirements of paragraph 9 above;
These services are “multiple uses” for which definition and receipt considerations are as important as most environmental goods.
By design, they respond to a specific intent and aim at environmental purposes: for example, a recycling station remains a recycling station, even if the techniques used by it are profoundly modified.
For intellectual property rights, article 66 (2) and article 67 of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPS), the developed members of the WTO could apply incentives for technology transfer.
Several recommendations made at the meeting related to actions that could be undertaken at the national level:
The increase in requirements and the resulting overexpenditures under this heading are due to the revised post adjustment rates approved as of 1 November 2002, the new salary scales for staff in the Professional and higher categories and for staff in the Field Service category (two categories whose status is governed by the 100 and 300 series of the Staff Rules) effective 1 January 2003, the approval of an increase in the number of staff members with a higher category and a reduction of staff member.
(a) A new subparagraph was inserted after the fifth preambular paragraph:
Description of the methodologies used to identify key sources of Reference to the CRF's main sources of information on the level of detail tables 7.A1 to 7.A3 of the IPCC good practice guide1
The Parties included in Annex I should complete all the cases of emissions or removals, activity data and emission factors.
Italy is one of the most severely affected countries by population ageing.
Thus, the topic concerned primary obligations of the State and implied that the existence and conciliation of “legitimate interests and multiple factors”.
It also has the merit of not hindering judicial action on other grounds.
Another cause for action in common law is the rule of the public mandate, which is more effective in the United States.
Introduction
We fully support efforts to streamline the work of the General Assembly and are ready to assist other delegations, as well as ours, in assuming the heavy burden of meetings that appear to continue.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the beginning of the 1990s, containing important measures to revitalize the General Assembly and to build on the draft resolution we have adopted.
The procedures differ because needs are not everywhere.
These warnings were accompanied by pressure to compel us to accept amendments or amendments that would restrict or reduce the rights of indigenous peoples recognized in international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, which request to be part of the World Trade Organization, bearing in mind paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/182 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For those members who have served for the duration of a nine-year term, the annual pension is:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims found that they could cross four “E4” claims are new or more significant claims, in the light of the claims submitted by the “E4” claimant.
UNSEQ number: E-2449
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several government representatives stated that in order to attract direct investment, these institutions must increase their support for the development of the necessary infrastructure, including in the information sector.
The globalization of development also requires the elimination of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and increased resources, and the increased participation of developing countries in decision-making in international forums.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary border crossing was opened between Restelica in Kosovo and Strezimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for only local residents.
The free movement of minorities has also been hampered by the decision of the authorities of the Government of Serbia not to sign an agreement on the use in Serbia of license plates in Kosovo and by their appeals to deter Kosovo Serbs from passing through UNMIK for the registration of their vehicle.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, and we believe that this is an important first step towards establishing a legal norm in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to link the website to global sites and the ECLAC website on regional follow-up to United Nations conferences and summits, to be launched in June 2003, at the fourth United Nations Regional Inter-Agency Technical Coordination Meeting.
Oil prices already included a “war allowance” of approximately $5 per barrel in the last few months of 2002 and exceeded $31 per barrel in January 2003.
First, they will have to make an initial structural adjustment by joining UEM in order to bring them closer to the baseline levels defined for budget deficits; therefore, they are likely to apply in this period an excessive fiscal discipline policy, which would have a negative impact on economic growth.
A. Ahen et al., op.
Under article 5 of the Law on Internal Self-Government, the power to conduct foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Government of Denmark and no part of that prerogative may be transferred to the Faroe Islands Autonomous Administration.
For example, important financial assistance is provided for the operating costs of ethnic minority associations, intercultural activities and information materials, and various types of local integration projects.
The Community Social Charter of 1989 provides for the right to resort to collective action in cases of conflict of interest, in particular the right to strike, subject to the obligation to respect national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work for at least 20 days in each quarter.
The high proportion of smokers in the population is primarily responsible for the relatively high mortality rate and has a negative impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative has played an important role in advocacy and facilitated campaigns that have resulted in new instruments and norms for the protection of children, as described below:
These organizations have played a leading role in the development and implementation of the programme.
• ACP-EU cooperation: the ACP-EU Partnership Agreement, signed in Cotonou, Benin, in 2000, took into account various elements proposed by the Special Representative during the March 1999 Joint Assembly.
The presence of the United Nations, anywhere in the world, has always been regarded as a symbol and a guarantee of universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, drew a broad audience, including in non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136 to 141, 144 to 146, 148 and 150
It is also continuing its efforts to increase awareness of women's rights in all its activities and of the human rights mechanisms it supports, including through the adoption in 2002 of a strategy focusing on gender mainstreaming.
Previously, the Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established commissions or fact-finding teams.
Recommendations on travel grants
In accordance with the provisions for consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, as approved by the Council in its resolution 1996/31, organizations in consultative status must submit a report every four years on their activities, including on their support to the work of the United Nations.
In line with the recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee (see A/C.5/57/SR.20), UNFIP undertook a series of activities in 2002 as part of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects aimed at streamlining its activities, targeting and making them more effective.
Gender focal points have been appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Affairs is strengthening their capacity to implement the national gender policy.
Recalling its resolution 57/134 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs represented a feature of the service economy, and often even large enterprises in developing countries were in fact small enterprises worldwide.
In the area of statistics, it was necessary to encourage data collection, as well as work on an assessment of the social impact and impact on the development of liberalization of services.
Assistance was particularly important as African countries were continuing parallel negotiations with the European Union to conclude economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of the technical authentication work undertaken to date
In order to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary and appropriate steps to strengthen legislation and institutional capacities in this area.
Country decisions
derogation from derogation
The Australian citizenship certificate is not a identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular nuclear-weapon States, to work actively towards the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular on a common formula that could be contained in an international instrument that is legally binding;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate (a) to subprogramme 3, Progressive development and codification of international law, of programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) to sections 8, Legal affairs and 2, General Assembly affairs and conference services, of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
The representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) participated in the session.
Question 7.
The challenge of distinguishing between the two types of cloning is to try to hide the fact that human life is created to destroy it in order to produce embryonic stem cells or other experiments.
It is what discussion, and it seems that differences of views will continue, no opinion must be imposed on all others.
The development of transport infrastructure and information and communication technology, including the elimination of the “no missing link”, would improve transit transport and allow landlocked countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. De Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month for presenting the annual report of the Council covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Update of the United Nations System-wide Action Plan to Combat Drug Abuse (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its deep concern about the plight of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent displacement and to provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, recalls in this regard the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement, and urges the international community, under the leadership of the relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national projects and programmes aimed at alleviating the plight of internally displaced persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must bring benefits to all.
Most recently, in February 2003, two primary seismic monitoring stations, Lac-Bonnet (PS08) and Shefferville (PS10), were officially registered by the Provisional Technical Secretariat; the construction of a radionuclides monitoring station (RN16) in Yellowkniife was completed in March 2003.
He also welcomed the establishment of a general checkpoint and transparency that had characterized recent appointments to senior management positions.
Also at the 61st meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally proposed an amendment to the draft resolution under which operative paragraph 6 (g) would read as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of growing globalization, the measures taken by a Government may often have implications (positive and negative) on the right to food of another country (e.g. in the context of agricultural trade).
Article 507 stipulates that the members of the groups referred to in article 499, who cooperate with the judicial authorities in the identification of criminals or updating their criminal intentions shall be subject to forgiveness.
In the longer term, a flexible and effective legal framework for security could serve as a useful tool to accelerate economic growth.
Decision of the Special Committee of 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We particularly welcome your efforts to safeguard the aspirations of the peoples of those Territories, the majority of whom are in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I invite you to consider the Committee as a friend, interested in working with you and for the realization of the rights that are unquestionably the rugged.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first country cooperation framework approved by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, facilitate the development of an integrated national development plan, which will establish procedures for national development priorities for 10 years, focusing on health, population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
Within the Ministry, a State Secretariat has been responsible for the advancement of women and the participation of women in development, demonstrating the Government's commitment to pay special attention to women's issues: the Congo, all State Secretariats participate in the meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia commended the Quadriléal group and other countries for the initiatives taken in favour of LDCs in the area of market access, which it felt that it would have to create competitive advantage and encourage investment in the sectors covered by the programme.
However, it is expected that the Organization will conclude the year on a positive cash balance (currently estimated at $44 million) under the regular budget — a result that would be favourable if it would be in line with the estimates.
Bigamy
Maintenance of order
We have provided food, tents, blankets, medicine and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, particularly floods, also contribute to the deterioration of habitats and the impoverishment of resources in the East Asian subregion.
As part of their day-to-day activities, women are the main forest species protection, and therefore they depend on the future productivity of forests.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation among developing countries, should not be neglected.
The Government of Slovenia has established an interdepartmental working group to implement restrictive measures and follow-up to counter-terrorism activities.
At the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on Children and Armed Conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- The financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otiti (Uganda) said that her delegation had been inadvertently included among the authors because of a technical error.
(b) certified copies of the memorandum and articles of association;
Subject to other priorities and available resources, the Government of the Bahamas intends to move this process forward in the next few months.
Fifty-eighth session
One view was that the basic criterion for striking a balance between the interests of buyers and secured creditors was the notion of “normal course of business”.
The Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget will have before it annually a comprehensive study on a technical cooperation programme.
The cotton problem was crucial, and the difficulties faced by African producers should be seen from a moral and economic perspective.
The Programme of Action of the Commonwealth of Independent States to reverse the spread of HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia aims to achieve the goals contained in the Declaration of Commitment through extensive national action supported by UNAIDS technical, financial and tactical support and collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes the primary responsibility for guiding children, raising them in a healthy environment, instilling them in the sense of duty, integrity, accountability, citizenship, compassion and service for others, to contribute to strengthening families, communities and nations throughout the world;
It is found in most Muslim countries in the Middle East, Indian subcontinental, South-East Asia and parts of Africa.
27 October 2003, Baghdad
However, in cases where the sanctions imposed remain in force for a long period of time, as in the case of the Al-Qaida and Taliban sanctions regime, universal reporting rules cannot be as effective.
The Government of Timor-Leste is currently reviewing projects to effectively improve the capacity of the East Timorese police in both areas, in addition to its capacity to deal with civil unrest.
In addition, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police to address the threats of criminal and armed groups in campaigns and in the area of the tactical coordination line.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to know whether they wished to participate in the work of the new team and to provide the Office for Outer Space Affairs with the contact details of the focal point that they would designate.
The Gambian law penalizes to some extent the conduct referred to in this article, but the penalties required must be radically reviewed.
Indeed, both in urban and rural areas, female illiteracy is combined with extreme poverty and unfinished work, with dependence and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of partners from African countries have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to African countries.
There are currently seven persons.
The members of the Committee discussed the issue at length without reaching agreement on the causes of the problem or on ways to address them.
They supported United States military activities in their territory, as they did not forget their own history; they were aware of the experience of vulnerability and valued the security and protection offered by the United States.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Commerce of Guam, October-December 2001, www.admin.gov.gu/trade.
Application of International Atomic Energy Agency safeguards in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative Chairman of the Arab Group
With regard to funding, improving the situation in 2002-2003 in terms of income and expenditure and implementing the revised recovery policy also provided good prospects for the financial plan and budget of UNICEF.
General
Summary table IV shows the proposed changes in support budget posts for each of the main components of each line.
Summary table V shows a comparison between the total number of posts in each organizational unit for the current and future biennium.
Table 7
It summarizes the progress made by Central American countries towards peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since the issuance of my last report in September 2002 (A/57/38 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit in Cuzco (Peru), the 19 members of the Group adopted the Cuzco Consensus, a strategic plan of action to overcome poverty and social exclusion and address issues of democratic governance, cultural identity and external relations and the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The tremendous efforts to rebuild the region continue with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and follow-up mechanisms and reports
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 17 to 19, 24, 25 and 27 September; 3, 11, 14, 15, 23 to 25 and 28 October; 6, 7, 19, 22 and 25 November; 3, 4, 6, 9, 16 to 20 and 30 December 2002; 6, 9, 10, 15, 23, 27, 29 and 31 January; 12 and 24 to 27 February; and 4 to 7, 12 to 14, 20, 21, 25 and 26 March; 2, 3, 7, 8, 10, 14, 22 and 24; 8, 9, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 21, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 21, 20, 21, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 21, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 21, 19, 21, 19, 20, 19, 20, 21, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 21, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 23, 21, 19, 20, 19, 20, 19, 20, 23, 23, 23,
UNMOVIC also had contacts with many Governments in the area of export control, in particular with regard to finding practical solutions to issues such as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for an appropriate balance between non-proliferation objectives and legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, the information is based on the recent update of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on budget preparation in the United Nations system.
Of the 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are devoted to renewable energy.
Nuclear non-proliferation and the peaceful uses of theatome can go hand in hand with transparency and mutual trust.
In that sense, the experience of developed democracies is indeed very valuable.
Without the indulgence of those persons, I take this opportunity to inform me in the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the most sincere condolences of the people of Bulgaria to their families.
We will be able to speak of victory when these attacks will no longer take place, as they will defeat the entire nation.
The Government has identified some 30,000 persons affiliated with terrorist organizations because of the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the designation of operational entities that have been accredited and provisionally designated by the Board.
It is only through their determination and commitment that it has been possible, with the assistance of the secretariat, to carry out the heavy and difficult tasks entrusted to them.
PROCEDURES OF THE PRVUING THE PRODUCTION AND PROCEDURES OF THE PROCEDURES OF THE CONVENTION
Statistical study, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and April/May 2003, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
Let me now repeat the names of the two countries from Asian States that wish to nominate a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Achievements in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was in the interest of both developed and developing countries to establish a sound and equitable multilateral trading system.
International agreements should not restrict the capacity of Governments to regulate, including in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy were of paramount importance to the economies of the member countries of the Group.
FDI could play a fundamental role in the economic growth and development of host countries.
States
For the most part, his delegation supported all the suggestions made by the Special Rapporteur, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted that this sector, which is outside State control and any taxation, occupied a considerable place in the economy of many developing countries in all regions.
Annex I
This joint programme would enable member States to more comprehensively understand the perspectives and risks of a global society and would serve to implement the Secretary-General's fundamental proposals on science and technology at the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the Group of 8 July 2000 and the Dubai Declaration of the Group of 77 for the Promotion of Science and Technology in the South (October 2002).
Details should be provided on how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international cooperation for development will focus on implementing the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the chains, new trainers used the guide and, although other stations did not follow their example, a normalization of pronunciation remained possible.
They took note of the convening of the Fourth Meeting of States Parties to the Convention from 16 to 20 September 2002.
They strongly supported unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures adopted by some Governments to reduce their military expenditures, thus contributing to strengthening regional and international peace and security.
Vocational training and employment creation must enable cities to enhance the potential of young people.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
2 to 3 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an introductory statement.
While the Middle East region is a particularly sensitive area in view of the various problems that are still present and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that it is important for the international community to give priority to achieving this goal within the framework of the United Nations in order to take a decisive step towards achieving peace in that region.
It should also be noted that there is a growing understanding that the solution to the issue of the composition of the bureau will facilitate the strengthening of the agreement regarding the interpretation of the rules governing the composition of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme, on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.30 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
Under the sanctions regime [para. 4 (b) established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraph 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002)], Member States are obliged to freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources of those persons or entities, including funds from property owned or controlled, directly or indirectly by such persons, their agents or agents, and to ensure that their nationals and individuals are not able to make such assets, including funds or persons, or persons, or persons, or persons, directly or persons with whom are subject to whom are subject to whom they are subject to whom they are subject to whom they are subject to be made available, directly or persons or persons or persons or persons or persons or persons or persons or persons, including funds, including funds, directly or persons, including funds and persons, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, inter alia, directly or persons or persons belonging to whom are subject to whom are subject to whom they are subject to whom are subject to whom they are subject to whom are subject to be subject to whom are subject to whom are subject to whom are subject to control, directly or persons or persons or persons or persons or persons or persons or persons or persons or persons or
Virtually all federal law enforcement agencies have contributed to this effort by providing elementary and advanced training in all areas of financial crime.
Network for the Detection and Punishment of Financial Crimes (Financial Crimes Enforcement Network - FinCEN)
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is empowered, under article 7 of the Companies Act, to exercise control over the objectives, sources of finance and expenditures of non-profit organizations.
The members of the mission emphasized that they had not come to serve as a mediator, or to intervene in the peace talks in Liberia, but they indicated to all parties the elements they considered necessary: full respect for the ceasefire; a comprehensive political settlement allowing for the appointment of a transitional Government that would organize free and fair elections; respect for international humanitarian law, including immediate and unrestricted access to humanitarian organizations;
(d) Report of the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not generally applied and the provisions of the various conventions on liability and relations were difficult to understand.
The Advisory Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following issues at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission on the transfer of marine technology; (2) possible establishment of an internal procedure of IOC for the effective implementation of article 247 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, the draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission and the revised questionnaire of international organizations and their auspices;
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
As a follow-up to the conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the core of the international community's development agenda.
He hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States would follow the same review framework, and that the General Assembly would request the Secretary-General to submit an annual progress report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
Following a civil war that has devastated the national economy, Burundi cannot complete this programme of internal and external dislocation to combat poverty without the support of the international community.
This has a negative impact on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to communicate to the Secretary-General, in time for the General Assembly to deliberate at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways to strengthen and broaden participation in the standardized reporting system, including changes to its content and structure;
The difficulty of deciding at the outset whether the debtor should be subject to liquidation rather than reorganization proceedings has led some countries to review their insolvency law and to replace the separate procedures with a “university” proceeding.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, to school in view of potentially dangerous situations.
We attach high priority to our collaboration with our WHO partners and others to encourage breastfeeding as the best solution to protect children's health.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532) and the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and its continued efforts to reach a conclusion of bilateral agreements with Member States pursuant to article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 statements to the authorities of Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Ecuador, Guatemala, Equatorial Guinea, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria (3), Pakistan, Peru, Sudan, Tunisia (2), Turkey and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge will inform his personal and fiduciary financial interests and make every reasonable effort to be informed of the financial interests of his family members.
Member States reported some difficulties in implementing the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthening technological support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms; building human capacity; identifying new technologies and applications; and encouraging international collaboration in support of research in areas left behind;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile and the observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of FISC (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In his opening statement, Mr. Kim Hak-Su welcomed the first substantive step of the process that would culminate in 2006 in the organization of a final international conference on chemicals management.
Response measures
I would like to say that working with you in the United Nations has been a valuable experience for me.
We particularly appreciate your country's determination and conviction in extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
ACTIVITIES
A technical cooperation project for the Maputo (Mozambique) is under way and is expected to be finalized in late 2003.
DMFAS is self-funded by making debt servicing procedures more effective and by modifying inconsistencies in the claims of creditor agencies.
It is a smaller country with a smaller population, but 2.2 million people are threatened with hunger.
I still do not understand why it is so difficult to accept this state of affairs.
Article 2.8. The Secretary-General may submit additional proposals for the programme budget whenever appropriate.
Article 4.5. It is established a Peacekeeping Reserve Fund as a cash flow facility to enable the Organization to react promptly during the start-up phase of new peacekeeping operations or to expand existing operations, and to finance unforeseen and extraordinary peacekeeping expenditures.
These agreements indicate, inter alia, that the United Nations must provide full reimbursement for the costs incurred.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Recognizes that it is preferable in the interest of the Organization to give or dispose of the property at a nominal price to another intergovernmental organization, to a Government, to a public agency or another non-profit organization.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after thorough investigation, authorize the write-off of losses of cash, goods and other assets, on the understanding that the Secretary-General is required to submit to the Board of Auditors, together with the accounts, a statement of all such amounts written off.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally amended?
Abstaining:
In their nature, confidence-building measures must, therefore, be defined and agreed upon on the basis of volunteering, at the appropriate rate by States taking part in the process.
Otherwise, developing countries will only be more marginalized.
In Kisangani, she met with the families of the victims of the May 2002 massacres and victims of sexual violations; she also visited prison and cachots.
The cost of the alternative for the construction of prefabricated offices is estimated at $985,671.
The special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of working groups responsible for the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as the chairpersons of the human rights treaty bodies, deplore the fact that the fight against terrorism is used as a pretext to threaten human rights defenders and to target vulnerable groups by removing them because of their origin and socio-economic situation, which is particularly vulnerable to migrants, who are particularly vulnerable to the situation of migrants.
Why is it?
My fifth proposal is of a general nature: it is to act on the source of these two scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting solution to these conflicts, it is crucial that the peoples and transitional Governments of those States receive accounts and enforce justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which invites regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and States in the region to fully implement the arms embargo, a key component of the Somali national reconciliation process.
In truth, the League of Arab States has played its role in responding to the deteriorating political and security situation in the region, whether Palestine, Iraq or regional security.
It has also made efforts to ensure that inspectors, when returning to Iraq, are able to work and circulate freely — an effort recognized in Security Council resolution 1441 (2002).
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Calls upon the United Nations system to mainstream a gender perspective into all their programmes and policies, including in a coherent follow-up to United Nations conferences, in accordance with agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective, adopted by the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 1997, and welcomes the decision of the Economic and Social Council to devote one of the themes to the 2004 substantive session of the Council;
It is true that many countries covered by the HIPC Initiative do not adequately implement IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
The main advice that Mr. Duque can give the Committee is not to leave this matter to take a political turn.
Strengthening the work of the United Nations in the field of human rights through the promotion of international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that through increased efforts and implementation, reasonable compromise can be reached on the issue of Security Council reform in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reaffirm once again that the People's and Democratic Republic of Korea has fully fulfilled its obligations under the 1994 Agreed Agreement between the People's Republic of Korea and the United States, until its withdrawal from the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopted the concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections may be submitted within seven days of receipt of the record or the closure of the session, whichever is later.
Welcoming the reorganization of the bureaux of the Committee and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation looked forward to working with them on issues such as space education and mitigation of natural disasters.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of annual meetings with the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of the Office of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit on Sustainable Development for the more effective and coherent implementation of the three objectives of the Convention and the achievement by 2010 of a significant slowdown in the current rate of biological diversity, which will require action at all levels, including the implementation of national strategies and action plans for the preservation of biological diversity and the allocation of new and additional financial and technical resources to developing countries,
The budget should be adjusted to take into account the costs and resources resulting from the unification of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In paragraph 4, the two masks of the word “staff” were replaced by the word “ Professional” and the phrase “encourage the Secretary-General to intensify his efforts” was replaced by the phrase “encourage the Secretary-General and heads of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned about the remaining challenges,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination contained in chapter III, section C.4 of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of the countries of Central Asia on trafficking in small arms and light weapons, during which discussion was devoted to the ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, submitted pursuant to Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999, and the reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It is important for the Congress to return to its initial refusal to support national reparation and to ensure the funding and institutional stability of payments by adopting the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed simply because they were Serb and to send to all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must go and that there is no chance of reconciliation, or to achieve the multi-ethnic society set out in Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and we all call for us.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps, an organization to deal with emergency situations in the civilian field.
For that reason, Israel's responsibility is to put an end to these violations of Lebanese airspace and prevent the escalation of tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as set out below.
In this august Organization, there will always be zero tolerance for those calling for intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence.
The Committee agreed that the two Secretariats should continue to collaborate.
At its resumed session in 2001, the Committee had before it the special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint made by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He emphasized that his sole concern was to ensure that this NGO did not enjoy its status with the Council through its activities in a manner that affected the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (from the 25th to 50th) were held.
However, linkages between areas, balances to be sought, the appropriate chronological order, the costs and benefits that they were perceived were extremely complex issues.
Angola had hosted the seventh Conference on Trade and Financing of Oil and Gas in Africa in May 2003.
If the answer is “Yes”, please describe the measures taken.
The persons whose DNA is subject to an analysis also have the right to know who gather such information, for whatever purpose, where it is stock and can have access.
The criteria for issuing under the European Patent Convention are: (i) newty; (ii) activity inven; (iii) Industrial application.
2, and 17 (b) of the European Agreement on Road Signs of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Artists and Excerptants, phonograms and Broadcasting Agencies of 26 October 1961.
(h) To endorse the implementation plan;
For example, the rural male population has increased in the north-east and south-west regions (from 49.8 per cent to 50.0 per cent and 49.1 per cent to 49.3 per cent), while it has declined in the following regions: Bucharest (from 49.8 per cent to 49.4 per cent to 49.2 per cent), North-West (from 49.7 per cent to 49.5 per cent) and Centre (from 50.1 per cent to 50 per cent).
Women and men also have equal rights with regard to the citizenship of their children.
The various methods of family planning were not well known before 1989 and couples were most often using natural methods and condoms.
This reassessment of the amount of the allowance takes into account the increase in the prices of school supplies, food, clothing and other products of strict need for children, and is aimed at preventing drop-out, a phenomenon that has taken place in recent years due to the reduced financial resources of families with children.
The lack of development activities in the most volatile areas of the country has not been affected.
More than 40 countries benefited from the United Nations Development Group pilot programme of common services, with grants from donors to finance or improve common services provided to 24 country teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions — in particular the Bretton Woods institutions — focus on both the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and the PRSPs.
A representative making a point of order may not, in his statement, deal with the substance of the matter under discussion.
(e) The Johannesburg Plan of Implementation designated the Commission as a focal point for discussion on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and reaffirmed that partnerships, as voluntary initiatives by stakeholders, contribute to the implementation of intergovernmental commitments under Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
International treaties
We look forward to your consideration of our proposal.
Thus, the proposal to impose an immediate moratorium on the commercial activities of the extractive industries in Liberia is based on past experiences and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
In their view, model 3, as it was less than the other two of the current system, would be able to be used informally by several organizations.
Conditions of service of Professional and higher categories
As a result, the amounts of the mobility and hardship allowance would remain unchanged.
(e) Study on grade equivalencies between the United Nations civil service and the United States Federal Administration.
He then noted that each loan was under way before Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and assessing progress towards sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights emphasized the importance of improving the international community's response to violence by strengthening national preventive efforts and through international cooperation.
While nearly 50 business leaders were present at the official launch, before the end of 2003, the Global Compact became a very developed international network with more than 1,000 enterprises worldwide, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by reporting institutions are reported.
• Creditor (D) and credit (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines has created a climate of close consultation and cooperation between Governments, international organizations and NGOs with the same spirit.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11 visiting missions
The working group recognizes the importance of the summary that will accompany the report.
Following these deliberations, the members of the Committee, based on the provisions on the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on the work of its fortieth session (1997), which was approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, provided the basis for the election of members of the Bureau of the Committee at the opening of its forty-sixth session.
(b) To promote dialogue among States, indigenous peoples and other actors on the concept of indigenous peoples in the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III
The National Forum for Indigenous Peoples, the United States of America and the Caribbean and the Caribbean Forum for Indigenous Peoples, the United States of America and the Caribbean, and the United States of America.
Most Governments are aware of the growing threat posed by the continued illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and give measures to mitigate this threat a high priority.
Those successes required long-term investments in economic development, with technical assistance.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations spoke with the Special Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions.
Statement submitted by the delegation of Our-Dame of the Charity of the Good Pastor, a non-governmental organization in special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 provides updated information on the financial situation of UNATSO and the Civilian Police Support Unit as at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lauro Baja, Jr.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Booby Traps and Other Devices, as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, as amended on 3 May 1996) annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
He called for them to be defined in order to facilitate the monitoring and evaluation of performance and to establish time frames for product delivery.
However, the Advisory Committee is not convinced that there is a need to establish three additional posts in order to maintain a permanent military expertise.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) To continue to cooperate with grass-roots indigenous organizations, to recognize their marginalization and to strengthen their capacity to address national and international issues;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1356 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo would not apply to protective clothing, including flou-balles and military helmets temporarily exported to Somalia for their personal use exclusively by United Nations personnel, representatives of the media, humanitarian personnel, development assistance personnel and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the Research Centre on Islamic History, Art and Culture (IRCICA) in Istanbul to preserve the cultural heritage and Islamic identity of Muslim communities of non-OIC States.
The impact of the information society on economic and social development was addressed, and urged industrial States to develop a programme of work that would enable developing States to benefit from communication technologies to bridge the digital divide and decided to participate actively at the World Summit on the Information Society and to coordinate their positions.
Condemns any form of repression against refugees, including armed attacks on refugee camps, and pressure on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, aimed, in particular, at strengthening Islamic solidarity among Member States and strengthening their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and in all vital sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to reach consensus on its programme of work, including the establishment of subsidiary negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, the prevention of the arms race in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and effective international measures to protect non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to start substantive work on the prevention of an arms race in outer space as soon as possible.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons
Resolution No.
Thanks IDBERCIE for organizing a workshop on private sector investments and the role of IDB in member States from 14 to 16 September 2002 in Istanbul, in collaboration with relevant OIC institutions, and also commends the Republic of Turkey for hosting the workshop.
Notes with appreciation the draft resolutions contained in the report of the ninth meeting of the private sector.
Further calls upon Member States that have technical infrastructure for the conservation and restoration of handcuffs, to grant scholarships to the staff of the Institute, with a view to increasing their expertise in this area.
Recalling further United Nations resolution No. 49/60 on the Declaration of Principles to Combat International Terrorism;
With regard to the whole region of West Africa, which I hope will receive sustained attention from the Council and other agencies of the United Nations system following our mission and report, subregional issues are enormous and we have listed them in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the work of the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be decisive in preventing a possible conflict if the necessary measures are not taken.
Such negotiations may present a number of disadvantages because they require highly skilled and experienced personnel and have increased risk of abusive or corrupt practices.
In the letter of support, UNCITRAL requested “relevant comments on specific provisions in order to facilitate the preparation of an analytical commentary to be submitted to the Commission”.
It was therefore necessary to combine economic and political efforts and implement all relevant United Nations resolutions calling for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from all the occupied territories and the right of the Palestinian people to a politically independent and economically viable State.
Following the adoption of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003), the Minister of Finance of Jordan, in its note No. 12/3/16/2908 of 3 April 2003, transmitted to the customs authorities the names of individuals and entities on the consolidated list and requested them to prohibit the clearance of goods imported or exported by such persons or entities and to confiscate them if they are in the territory, and to provide the Customs Directorate with all relevant information.
Calls upon States to review and reform, where appropriate, legislation and practices in order to raise the minimum age of marriage, with or without the consent of parents, both girls and boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child to 18 years;
Also requests the Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteur with all relevant information sources, including a compilation of studies and publications on the impact of terrorism and the impact of the fight against terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends the following draft resolution for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session:
In addition, the Committee has no objection that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the Emergency Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 are supplemented by an amount not exceeding $200,000 (see A/58/214, para.
Each subsystem is adapted to the computer environment and the procedures of the organization concerned.
Participants and beneficiaries will be the first to see an improvement in their proposed services.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important tool for social change, as it allows everyone to acquire new values and change its relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights enshrines the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and affirms that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, that everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set out in the Declaration, without distinction of any kind, and that the individual has a duty to the community in which the free and full development of its personality is possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to assert that local staff must comply with their national service obligations and several Eritreans working for UNMEE have been arrested.
The Committee will encourage those who provide assistance to focus, through expanded capacity-building programmes, on counter-terrorism capacity; to give greater priority to training and to ensure that programmes are implemented in a timely and results-oriented manner.
12.44 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Division for Investment, Enterprise Development and Technology.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they amounted to $21,478,915, including advances made by several Member States on their contribution for the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or place where their lives are at risk and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers from leaving a country in danger;
There is a growing trend towards giving priority to peace to the detriment of justice, which can be understood in exceptional circumstances and in overcoming short-term crises during a peace process, but which in fact leads to jeopardizing the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear no objection, I shall take it that the Assembly adopts this suggestion.
The General Assembly must proceed to the election of 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded the present stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
However, it regrets that there are still countries that have not yet been adopted in some regions where the proliferation of ballistic missiles remains an urgent problem.
In view of the proposed establishment of new disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration centres and the increase in the workload of the Section, a net increase of 38 posts is proposed.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, his delegation supported a broad scope of application.
As it had done in previous instalments, the Panel reviewed the claims in part two of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after assessing the evidence and other evidence, balancing the interests of the claimants who had had to flee a war zone and Iraq, which is liable only for loss and injury resulting directly from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
However, in order to solve this problem, our State is counting on the future assistance of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, educational institutions and religious and political figures of the Palestinian Authority teach hatred, glorification and provide moral bond, both human and divine, to massacres.
If we are time-bound, everyone will have the opportunity to address the Council.
Israel is putting an end to the occupation of our territory, which it is continuing to send settlers, which it continues to violate our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess progress on the clean development mechanism and, as appropriate, recommends that the Conference of the Parties consider incorporating in its decision on guidance to the Executive Board the preamble and paragraph below.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections were suspended, but the Scottish Government attempted to improve the provision of local services, leading to a number of reforms, including in the area of revenue sharing.
In accordance with resolution 2002/21 of the Sub-Commission, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had identified as the main themes of its work in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004: “Resolution on Indigenous Issues”; in 2005: “Protection of indigenous traditional knowledge at the national and international levels”; and in 2006: “Indigenous children and young people”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting a grant shall be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and to the continuous development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
General Assembly resolution 57/65 on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason for which it was not mentioned in the programme document were mentioned.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2
In real terms, child expenditures increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having also considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to New Caledonia,
As a result, there is no need to speak of emergency in the case of the right of peoples to struggle by weapons for self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs)
d Announcement of contributions made to the sessions of the United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities for November 2000 and November 2002 for the year 2003.
As at 16 January 2003, the total number of new voluntary contributions, which are available for the twenty-second session of the Board, amounted to $551,548 (see table 1 above).
(d) If the purpose is to terminate or terminate the employment contract of an employee and, in the opinion of the Head of State, the Head of Government or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the employer, such action may interfere with the security interests of the State;
This session will be held at the Fiera Milano Congress Centre in Milan.
Whether this process is recognized and adequately designated (i.e. in transition society or knowledge society) or not, any development, regulation that strengthens knowledge acquisition systems, release human potential, enhances the value and direction of social, economic and political life, brings together a society of this new development phase.
Mary Ann has informed me of his intention to leave UNHCR for personal and professional reasons, and I have acceded to his complaint, not to regret.
The Committee suggests that all age groups be included in the indicator chosen by the Friends of the Chair.
Underlining the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts of the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work done by the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Allocation of non-permanent seats in the region
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete the subparagraph.
The representative of any regional agreement or agency should notify the President of the Security Council in writing that he wishes to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how to better provide the necessary guidance for the implementation of such a strategy within the United Nations.
The Committee requests the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies adopted to assist in the immediate and effective implementation of legislative provisions on equality between men and women, including in the field of representation of women at different levels of Government and public service.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take additional measures to ensure the safety and security of all personnel under the auspices of the United Nations participating in the Force;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (General Assembly resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 53/242)
Basic economic laws are under consideration, including investment and registration laws and a draft law on bankruptcy.
It is encouraging to note that there has been no recent repetition of the events that occurred at the end of 2002 and early this year.
The fourth key point is that the Government of East Timor has managed to generate $44.1 million, including $26.7 million for revenues from the Timor Sea during the current year, which shows that the State is increasingly able to mobilize its own resources.
The latter should not deal with the responsibility of the performing carrier.
Supplementary statements and contributions for the preparation of the draft instrument
(d) generally encourage activities aimed at strengthening the independence of the judiciary and the bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and is increasing over the years.
One of them would have been executed at the main entrance of the University, with the aim being to create a climate of terror after a demonstration held shortly before students.
The international community should be concerned about this growing trend towards excessive force;
We would also like to repeat that, with regard to the controversy over the issue of an agent inner XV and the charcoal, which were destroyed unilaterally by Iraq, the latter made concrete proposals in recent technical discussions with Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February, and the aim was to resolve the issues considered by the former Special Commission as vague or outstanding.
Efforts have been made in the past in the form of proposed texts in the hope that we will break the political impasse.
We look forward to increasing the number of customs and procurement experts for tracking imports in Iraq.
Let us stand for peace because we will be able to achieve it if we are genuinely seeking to achieve it, with determination and political will.
I wish once again to express France's confidence and full support in their mission.
Spain is aware, however, that peace and security are guaranteed by the observance and implementation of the Security Council's resolutions and that it will be a time when, in the absence of a political change, no new will for cooperation on the part of the Saddam Hussein regime, the Council will be obliged to shoulder its responsibilities on behalf of international peace and security.
From this point of view, the work of the international community and the Security Council towards the Baghdad regime remains the main factor in ensuring Iraq's cooperation with the inspectors, and it is also the primary condition for finding a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) To be compatible with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
Financial securities entities;
As we have indicated, Egypt has signed or ratified all conventions except the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which is a positive step towards combating terrorism.
In addition, as it is impossible to build confidence in the next day, we must remain patient in order to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7 Number of letters on entitlements
Senior Legal Officer
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres opened in Ethiopia are still attracting a large number of people and a third is expected to be opened at Adigrat.
In some cases, for example in the water sector, the number of transnational corporations capable of intervening throughout the world is very limited.
In the framework of these principles, the Government of Croatia has undertaken a wide range of social and economic reforms aimed at fostering growth in employment and social welfare, such as the effective implementation of its National Strategy for the Eradication of Poverty and the Fight against Social Exclusion and the creation of social partnerships that give priority to human resources and will guarantee education and science a central role in the search for social progress.
The 218th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be held on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism has been established at the rostrum of the General Assembly to assist speakers in meeting the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 2005)1
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 2005)1
In order to ensure the full enjoyment of the rights of persons with disabilities, the international community should broadly support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account historical, cultural and development differences between countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be guided by all international standards and norms on disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also those deriving from the resolutions of United Nations bodies and bodies.
The African Union affirmed that African peoples should strive to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of affirmative action for persons with disabilities.
In order to ensure that the divisions of the Secretariat have adequate resources, the amount of 13 per cent charged to project budgets should be allocated to the Division for the implementation of the project.
The disruptions to the supply of medicines, waste materials and spare parts for equipment — especially those for emergency services, therapy and surgery units and other services both for adults and for children — have made it extremely difficult for medical personnel to provide care.
Is that policy a meaning?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/11 in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and in accordance with its Constitution on respect for international law.
[17 June 2005]
Employment has progressed slowly and unemployment has remained at a reasonably low level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[21 May 2003]
Limited access to and high fuel costs and resulting shortages have had a serious impact on urban transport, increased production costs and affected the effective functioning of social and urban activities.
Introduction
Verifying the applicant for transfers that have a bank account and wishes to transfer a sum exceeding 10,000 United States dollars or equivalent in another currency.
Article 35 (1) of the Rules stipulates:
For example, it might be possible, as proposed by the Secretary-General, to establish a multi-stakeholder panel on debt restructuring mechanisms whose discussions and conclusions might be brought to the attention of intergovernmental decision-making bodies.
