Therefore, there is no need to be concerned when laws aimed at combating terrorism provide the law enforcement agencies and intelligence services of exceptional oversight and investigation powers without reference to justice.
Ms. Borzi Cornacchi (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur considered his future programme of work and whether it plans to include missions.
First, there is a need to increase the representation of the Government, in particular in the security institutions, and to intensify efforts to unity and national reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including war and the Taliban — benefit from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is necessary to reverse this trend contrary to the most fundamental principles of international humanitarian law, and which raises critical issues to which it is urgent.
The Committee requests the State party to provide a wide dissemination of its concluding observations at all levels of society, including among State officials and members of the judiciary, and to inform them in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement these observations.
If additional funds were made available for programmes in Africa, the resources for the region in the programme budget would increase, as suggested by the high assumption.
Adoption of the report
6 See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, in the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 a P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the website, in order to strengthen the language capacity of the site.
Organizational structure
A new gender analysis guide in 2003.
Statistics (see responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) appear to show that the impact was to reduce the access of women to unemployment benefits.
In this regard, emphasis should be placed on the specific needs of the least developed countries, since the participation of those countries in global trade remains marginal and, so far, no Member of the World Trade Organization.
Special Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq is facing our Governments.
This is why we, as in Iraq, a priority commitment.
Following this statement, my country believes that the draft resolution is an effective means of strengthening the pressure on Iraq to comply with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
It is an attempt to hide what is.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, acting on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Implementation and transfer of technologies” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The proposed legislative reforms, among other things, require the provision of technical assistance, including for the acquisition of equipment necessary to strengthen security in entry and training of staff, in particular in the area of detection of fraudulent travel documents.
Noting that the Governments of some Territories have sought to meet the highest financial monitoring standards,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
When considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to consider referring to the annex to its decision 1999/114 which contains the guiding principles concerning the implementation of the rules of procedure of the Sub-Commission of the Economic and Social Council and other decisions and practices.
The evaluation of the education level of girls in the Horn of Africa and East Africa has enabled them to find the causes of the problem, already identified: the extent of household tasks and the financial sacrifice of girls in the family are the main social factors that prevent them from obtaining equal education with boys; it is necessary to add the lack of textbooks.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly will come at the time when we respond to the Secretary-General's call for a reflection on the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, I believe that there is still a number of acts to be a need for future generations.
In this period of economic difficulties, the Government devoted more than $5 million, last year to services designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
Article 23
The initial judgement was made for applicants but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently reversed this judgement.
The Government claims that these persons were arrested to establish an enemy forces with a view to reversing the legal Government.
Mr. Yawowi Agboyibo, lawyer, former Parliamentary Chairman of the Committee of Action for renewal, a political party, was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to six months and imprisoned in Lomé.
The Working Group, having made this view, requests the Government to adopt the necessary measures to address the situation, in accordance with the standards and principles set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
It is first necessary to respond to the needs of the peoples of the Territories themselves, within appropriate options and time frames to carry out their respective decolonization processes.
The settlement of the outstanding issue will only be of nature to strengthen confidence.
These historical initiatives help to better identify the needs and aspirations of the peoples under colonial domination by providing the necessary radiation in a highly competitive economy.
Only the United Nations is entrusted with a legitimate mandate by its Charter and has the legal and political authority and international legitimacy to address the greatest challenges to international peace and security.
At the same time, the United Nations must not only continue its tasks in Iraq but also to extend and provide greater support to the Iraqi people.
UNAIDS is currently providing a post for HIV/AIDS adviser at the Department of Peacekeeping Operations headquarters that coordinates the comprehensive strategy and initiatives to facilitate work in missions.
Pursuant to article 5, paragraph 3, of its organic statutes, the organization, on the proposal of its general coordinator and in prior consultation with the Executive Board, conducted the de facto exclusion of Ms. Bonavita, regardless of its status in the organization, for having violated the rules of procedure of the Council, affected the work of the Commission on Human Rights and failed to respect the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement, under article 3, exercises its activities through the following bodies:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the Act on the National Human Rights Commission of Mongolia.
If, in the opinion of some members of the Working Group, this provision should not necessarily be included in insolvency law and could be left to the common law, it was noted that it was closely linked to recommendation 70 and should, for reasons of clarity and legal security, be included in insolvency law.
After discussion, the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation was received.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also a party to many international anti-corruption treaties, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Related Crimes, and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of providing the United Nations system of a school was of the sense that it had become necessary to improve coherence and effectiveness of the international civil service.
(c) The question whether or not desirable, taking into account the nature of the activity, to grant sub-contractors of exclusive rights;
In a case such as in the other, the position of power of the market cannot be considered automatically acquired.
However, the United Nations commercial activity portfolio includes high-value-added products that have little value in the world.
Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/ Financial Regulations/Rev.2/CLP.2) 12 February 1980.
In 2002, the Executive Board reviewed the structure and composition of the secretariat, which was insufficient.
While not part of the documentation of the session of the Group, these three documents will not be ready for the session, they may be consulted on the UNCTAD website, as all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessions 45 20
The three options are not mutually exclusive.
However, when they are present, the Republic of Haiti has been unable to follow up.
This system has proved its effectiveness in its part the most visible, namely the electronic presentation of the evidence to conviction in the author.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also challenged the principle of the failure to refer to the Rome Statute to know what organ — of the Court or of the Council — is empowered to consider in the first case the individual criminal cases concerning officials or staff present or from a State not party to the Rome Statute on acts or omissions in the course of an established or authorized United Nations operation.
It is also the reasoning that the Secretary-General followed before the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
It is, in particular, that the International Criminal Court, of which 90 States have become a reality, has become a reality, taking into account the election of its 18 judges and the Prosecutor and of the very forthcoming appointment of the Registrar.
Although the Escore Declaration was signed by all factions participating in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, these factions continued to combat and import weapons.
The first consignee of arms and ammunition of the Government of Ethiopia that was identified was Ali Mahdi.
According to British Customs officials in Nairobi and London, heroin is introduced into fraud in Somalia by vessels from South Asia to be transported to Africa and West Africa.
Singapore
The political unrest that marked its first year in power have completely devastated the country on the equipment.
The existing legislation in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and establish an effective protection system so that United Nations and associated personnel can carry out their security missions.
Although it began its work unless less than two years previously, it has already achieved tangible results.
The Friends of fish consider that fisheries subsidies affect the environment and cause the depletion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
It was particularly used as a framework for the development of common language for United Nations staff on the prevention of armed conflict, through interaction and exchange of experience.
The consulting actuary was also tasked to propose other methods of financing for future liabilities for after-service health insurance.
The contracts of management services between UNDP and various donors have been implemented by the Office of Project Services (UNOPS).
Table 7 Distribution by region of expenditure for management contracts for the period ended 31 December 2002 and 31 December 2001
Table 8 provides a summary of the accounts for field offices and accommodation.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of the 16 accused of the husband's culture were women.
The Church is likely to have the most influence in Samoa's society.
In practice, the police provided that a police officer is present when there is a victim of violence in households or sexual abuse.
The Overseas Sea Financial Centre is headed by a Legal Officer and its staff comprising another legal officer.
The pregnancy of adolescent girls still affects a particular mark in rural areas and generally concerted efforts to marry the girl child as soon as possible fear that the situation is not renewed, which would result in a punishment of the family involved in the village council, usually the girl child.
NGO - non-governmental organization
No effort should be made to revitalize this process without delay, while preserving the standard established for the period 30 years ago and still of course against biological weapons.
This legislation is important for Armenia, since it creates an adequate legislative basis for a future strengthening of the export control system in the country, a key elements of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance represent a particularly important challenge for our time and an imperative imperative in building a world guaranteeing the development of nations in universal harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation from Belgrade to the Mission to associate itself with the search for a solution to the practices related to the opening of two new border crossing points in the part of Kosovo in the border of Serbia and Montenegro and Macedonia.
Accordingly, the United Kingdom fully supports the “standards before status”.
I join the members of the Council in thanking Mr. Annabi for his briefing and the information it has provided.
India will provide further clarification on its observations and will also participate in discussions aimed at resolving the problems raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 269th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) as Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parranla (Cuba) and Ravan A. G. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malte) Rapporteur.
It was particularly important to continue to modernize the technical components of this system so as to ensure the continued presence on the Internet, including by the interface “Question of Palestine” of UN-Habitat on the United Nations reception page under “Peace and security”, and to expand its collection by adding new and former documents.
Contents
1.15-2.45 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
But before they give the floor, I would like to make some introductory remarks at the time when Japan took the Chair of the Conference.
The Committee on Development Policy had to address the issue at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General will address this issue in a report to the General Assembly shortly.
Ms. Gabr would like to know more about the vision of France for the future with regard to special measures.
It covers the period since the submission of the first report of ISAF III, and also presents the final evaluation of ISAF's action III prior to the procurement of ISAF.
Comment.
(iii) The decision taken by the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not possible.
(6) The idea that the unilateral act is in principle of a single State seems to be a matter of utmost importance.
Mr. Raytv (Bulgaria): As previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the American and British delegations for their very comprehensive briefings on the situation in Iraq.
That is why the fight against desertification and the mitigation of the effects of drought through sustainable development policies are a major challenge at the global level.
Socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has so far brought about the authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 The objectives and expected accomplishments will be achieved if the Secretariat's services in the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support to the efforts of the Human Resources Management Section and cooperate fully in the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive drug control strategy based on close cooperation between interested parties and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between Guatemalan authorities and the Mexican authorities were defined in the Security Plan between Mexico and Guatemala.
The countries of that region were in the process of studying all the implications of such a establishment.
Ms.madmadova (Azerbaijan), noting that Armenia claimed that it had implemented all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, asked what it was the main requirement of the Council concerning the immediate and unconditional withdrawal of the Armenian armed forces from the territory of the Territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I urged the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and unconditional implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the United Nations Information and Communications Technology Task Force, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The determined commitment of the autonomous authorities of Kosovo is crucial to break the power of this crime and is against concrete results that we will try to exercise their capacity to exercise their powers transferred.
If the situation is evolving to a return to peace, UNRWA will have to deal with the demands of the transition from a conflict in recovery and development phase, and will launch a special fund similar to that end to its Peace Implementation Programme.
(ii) A decrease of $300,000 for the maintenance of premises, due to the non-post resources for 2002-2003;
1.79 Aliing the health policy and the provision of services on those of host authorities to optimize the use of resources and avoid duplication of activity and priority conflicts.
Preventing and combating diseases
1.14.1 Increase in the use of computers and information automation of the office.
Table 15
Improving the status of women in rural areas
- Deing the word “technical” after the word “support” in the first line and insert the word “and” after the word “technical”, to read as follows:
(d) To ensure that the various institutional actors are duly reflected in the values of the public service, in particular with respect to the brink of behaviour, the sound management of resources, transparency of decisions, evaluation, accountability and commitment to providing services to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed by paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), in paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2009).
Any initiative for indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
Let us come to aus, and we are now seeking to bring Côte d'Ivoire to work and to resume our activities, as in the past, and we are working together with all neighbouring countries of the subregion.
This would result in an increase in accountability that could significantly improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The exporting Authority is invited, prior to the validation of a certificate, to require the exporter that it presents a statement that rough diamonds are not diamonds of blood.
Other progress:
(c) To examine the extent to which the recommendation of the United Nations Board of Auditors that the Registrar is working to reduce costs by referring to advice that resident in the seat of the Tribunal may be followed, in view of the international nature of the Tribunal and make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the issue of late submission of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the arms collection programme had made delays and the process of destruction had fallen.
It was also said that the distinction between contractual and real aspects in this regard was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the decision taken by the Committee at its first session, a pre-sessional working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the views of the child
(f) To devote more resources, both financial and human beings, specialized education, including vocational training and assistance measures granted to children with disabilities;
(a) To develop a set of measures to update the implementation of the provisions of the Convention on Children and parents, including initiatives to deal with those who are illiterate or have not benefited from school education, civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including girls;
(d) The challenges that continue to raise awareness of parents in their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective mechanisms for periodic review of child treatment and any other circumstances relating to its placement.
It was therefore of the view that the approach should be adopted to strengthen and improve the elements of the enjoyment of human rights and control related to persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia sent a letter to the Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, to the Secretary-General, a letter calling on the decision as “ illegal, unfair and irresponsible”.
Contents
Figure 10.
The reform of the United Nations as such should not be our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics prepared by the Electoral Assistance Division have confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344), according to which the technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the most commonly sought assistance.
I hope that you will endorse today the updated aide-memoire as a tool to reflect developments in protection priorities and that it will be useful to the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the needs and rights of civilians in protection are reflected in the relevant resolutions and mandates of the Security Council.
In this regard, I would like to mention the very important resolution 1502 (2003) submitted by Mexico and adopted by the Council during the Syrian presidency of the Council in August on the protection of United Nations personnel, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict zones.
The civilian population should not be taken hostage by factions in war trying to deny that access to humanitarian assistance.
The recommendations of the Board are verified by the secretariat of the Fund on their compliance with the relevant United Nations rules, and then submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken at the fourth session of the Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization on the review, through the Council on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, the existing links between the Agreement on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights that affect trade and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Emphasizing the importance of the Special Tribunal for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to take effective measures with regard to the issues of impunity and accountability and the promotion of reconciliation,
The Security Council has repeatedly emphasized the importance it attaches to the successful process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. girlsaldo (Colombia), Mr. Vassilakis (Greece), Mr. Gopatan (India), Mr. Zifi (Islamic Republic of Iran), Mr. Haguchi (Japan), Mr. Kazykhan (Kazakhstan), Mr. McIvor (New Zealand).
At the outset, I would like to stress three points regarding the drug situation in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for the generous and continuous role it plays in leading the fight against narcotic drugs.
States cannot act in isolation.
(d) Effective risk management and internal control systems; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to accelerate the extradition procedures and to simplify evidentiary requirements relating to offences applicable to this article.
(i) The entity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, wherever they are or location where the other persons concerned;
The travaux préparatoires indicate that this article does not require the continuation of minor offences.
The requested State Party should consider withdrawing a final judgement in cases where the judgement cannot be obtained because the author of the offence may not be prosecuted for death, flight or absence or other appropriate cases.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit adopted a guideline prepared with the assistance of the Office of the Financing for Programme, which focused on the systematic review of country oversight mechanisms, managing other resources and reporting to donors on the use of funds.
Each centre organizes three training courses per year, in collaboration with national authorities, various organizations and programmes of the United Nations system (including UN-Habitat, UNDP, UNEP, the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS, the World Bank Institute and the Office of the World Compact), international associations of elected representatives (such as the Inter-Parliamentary Union, the World Association of Cities and Local Authorities, the Latin American Cities, the Latin American and the Latin American Federation.
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination was maintained as a basis for negotiations.
(f) The status of programmes of destruction of anti-personnel mines referred to in articles 4 and 5, including details on methods that will be used for the destruction, location of all places of destruction and the standards of security and environmental protection.”
The Internet is: http://disarmament.un.org/MineBan.nsf.nsf.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “Crise external debt and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
From September 2000 to April 2003, at least 12 737 Palestinians had seen their residential homes by the Israeli military forces, which had invaded towns with tanks, armoured personnel and helicopters and destroyed houses of explosives while their inhabitants were still still.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore absolutely essential in this regard.
In this regard, I will not go through details.
Madam President, I thank you for convening this meeting.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) and focus on the threat that continues to pose to Al-Qaida.
Lastly, she said that it would ensure that the Secretariat should take into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain regarding the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.3/58/L.7/Rev.1 (Programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.3/58/L.15 and A/C.3/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of the proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have given examples of other official statistical producers, which develop and publish statistical statistics in their own area of activity.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remains firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and the agreements reached at the 1995 and 2000 Review Conferences and calls for the prompt and complete implementation of the 13 practical measures agreed at the 2000 Conference.
ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians of the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after the cessation of active hostilities, where civilian losses are often high.
Summary prepared by the President
May I take it that the General Assembly wishes to do the same?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it had intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the consideration of human rights issues, as expressed by the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted on 25 June 1993 by the World Conference on Human Rights,
The unfortunate incident of Depayin, on 30 May 2003, had a influence on many conclusions of the interim report of the Special Rapporteur (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will enable the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the protracted drought and the impact of a long-term conflict.
Nepal therefore urged the High Commissioner to consider this issue in more detail.
Contents
Article 11
Article 3
When discussions are limited and that a member or representative exceeds the time given to him, the President shall immediately recall the order.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Article 87
Article 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
Reports, official decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention are circulated by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and interested States and, according to the Committee's decision, to the members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested beneficiaries.
The States parties shall submit to the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on the measures they have taken to implement their commitments under this Convention within one year of the entry into force of the Convention for the State party concerned.
In the exercise of their mandate, the rapporteurs may, with the agreement of the Committee, undertake the necessary visits to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of his functions, the Chairman remains under the authority of the Committee.
Article 71
The acts of systematic violence committed in the Mambasa-Komanda region were carried out during three periods:
Towards 12 October, FAC soldiers entered force in the house of the witness to Mambasa.
All those who had been interviewed confirmed that there had been many cases of rape of girls, some of whom were at the age of 10 years.
This is based on the Team's report that a new trial has been opened against 27 suspects from the East Timorese forces.
Global road safety crisis
Once established, this entity is subject to a set of sanctions under the law on the suppression of terrorism.
A working group of experts, including representatives of various Pacific countries and organizations, and assisted by two senators, in Australia and Australia, is currently preparing the model provisions.
accelerated review procedure for re-examination
Their role should be clarified and the powers and responsibilities that are best defined.
Of the 42.8 million dollars for the operations of the financial period ended 30 June 2002, only 28.4 million, or 66 per cent of the total, had been disbursed at the end of the financial period.
OIOS recommended that the Office urgently establish appropriate mechanisms to deal with the increased number of nominations received through the Galaxy system; to promote mobility by ensuring the improvement of employment conditions in different duty stations and the rationalization of administrative procedures; to ensure that the e-learning system is linked to a system of tangible awards and staff assessment;
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors conduct an assessment of the capacity and professional skills required to OIOS to ensure the internal audit services of the Fund's administration and investment activities, according to the generally accepted standards for the internal audit of the pension funds, and to report on that evaluation during its next audit on the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Survey of misuse of a office computer
Financial institutions are required to regularly notify any suspicious commercial transactions and to monitor closely any irregularities.
Having carefully considered the report with the assistance of its experts, the Counter-Terrorism Committee wrote to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to share its preliminary comments.
This offence is committed by any person who organizes or facilitates the entry into the national territory of an individual whose person knows, or has a good reason to assume that it is a clandestine immigrant or intends to seek asylum.
The number of women in official representatives at the national and local levels, as well as the level of participation of women in previous tables.
- The establishment of formal committees in institutions to assess the situation of university women and to report thereon.
13.3 The Government is determined to offer a large-scale pension scheme as far as possible and is conscious of the fact that people who cease any professional activity to assume family responsibilities may be disadvantaged in the social security sector.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Law on Violence in the Family) Act, which, inter alia, deals with prohibitions and judgements of protection, and gives rise to large powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The next revision of the Charter would, particularly in light of the possibility of formally denied access to information services.
Stressing that the elimination of apartheid, of all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, war, aggression, occupation and foreign domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is indispensable for the full enjoyment of human rights and women of their rights,
Article 12
States parties recognize human rights and women's equal rights with regard to the law on the right of people to freedom and choose their residence and home.
Workshops
It could also request the Working Group I to cooperate closely with the Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on the aspects of procurement legislation related to electronic commerce.
- Request for information under article 44 (1) of the Banking Act in relation to the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against United States institutions (Runkschib_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Commission decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have limited the growth of GDP in the region, the uncertainty that they have created has resulted in most of the scholarships in the region, where the general trend in 2002 has been reduced with some minor times.
Such plans include improved estimates, the establishment of early warning systems and the establishment of continuous communications among areas or communities related to disasters and the authorities.
UNESCO, CUS and several affiliated agencies will encourage conservation activities in the context of which remote sensing and GIS will be a broad place.
The various issues were discussed in thematic discussions and draft resolutions were presented and discussed at the 11th to the 15th meeting, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.5/58/PV.11-6).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human Rights and Peoples concerning the prohibition of forced evictions,
Welcomes the continued call by the Representative of the Secretary-General on the Guiding Principles on Internal Displacement in his dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations, as well as with other relevant actors, and requests the Secretary-General to continue his efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on preparing its deployment within the country.
The remuneration of the two other judges is envisaged in the proposed budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Section 1
The elections will be elected, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Chief Ominayak and the Lake Luonon v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX, para.
Bangladesh is governed by large part by civil and criminal codes established during the British regime.
It published and disseminated throughout the country of the fascicles explaining the procedure to follow and the need for birth registration and marriages so as to raise public awareness and achieve its active cooperation.
Response to recommendation 46
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account developments in the nature of requests for assistance, as well as the increasing need for certain types of medium-term special assistance to support and strengthen the capacity of the requesting Government, in particular the capacity of national electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age of marriage was the same for men and women and she was at least 18 years.
UNDP intends to provide more support to the national reconciliation process, the restoration of social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of his report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257); it further emphasizes that globalization does not give due consideration to the human element, the interdependence of economies does not reflect the right to employment.
His country continued to strive to improve cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/....
At the closing date of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration under article 14, paragraph 1, of that instrument.
Concluding observations
However, the periodic report is particularly concerned about the measures adopted to ensure the realization of cultural rights in the districts that are traditionally concentrated in Greek and Yugoslav minorities/slave.
They claim that there was a violation by Denmark of article 2 (d) and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant claims, in support of this claim, that according to a decision by the High Court of the East region, dated 5 February 1999, an incident of racial discrimination does not constitute a violation of the honour and reputation of a person in the sense of article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“The President,
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations and Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted to the future in the context of the proposed programme budget.
A description of both general and summary of the activity will be given in section B.3.1, with information on the effects of GHGs and the type and importance of the technology used (for example, the established power).
Environmental, economic and social impact
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica joined in sponsoring draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
12 above) would give rise to this problem.
There is a need for developing countries to implement, in the form of new and additional financial resources, to transfer technology to conditions for support and capacity-building.
Participants at the Third World Water Forum, held in Japan, developed a plan of action to identify a number of projects throughout the world and to establish a web site network to accelerate water activities.
(See the annex to the present document a breakdown of the requirements for these activities.
24.6.1 The proposed amount of $2,990,200 (increase: $460,700) will be used to finance: (a) maintaining 10 posts (4 Professional posts, 6 General Service (Other level));
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system and its unique capacity and experience in coordinating assistance in conflict and post-conflict situations, inter alia, on the protection and respect of human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $4.8 million
Subprogramme
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, the concluding recommendations without a vote.
Article 103 provides that the elections shall be held in secret ballot unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of a election to a post only candidate.
(ii) A representative of a Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study and mitigate the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session a report on the status and implementation of the Agreement for the Implementation of the Provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea of 10 December 1982 on the Conservation and Management of Highly Migratory Fish Stocks and related instruments and its impact on its entry into force.
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the United Nations Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under agenda items entitled “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the item every two years from its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects3
Global Solidarity Fund
Promotion of youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the further progress made in the work of the United Nations system in favour of children affected by armed conflict and requested the Secretary-General to undertake the comprehensive assessment of the scope and effectiveness of the measures taken by the United Nations system, including recommendations to strengthen, integrate and continue its work, and to submit its conclusions to the Commission at its fifty-seventh session.
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility of the results and relevance of the General Assembly and other organs of the United Nations is the responsibility of the only Member States to address this situation, as those that are in a position to decide to impede the work that we are all expected to do so.
The Millennium Declaration, as well as Monterrey conferences on financing for development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development, have made great hope in the international community, particularly in developing countries, to see the emergence of a stable, just and sustained socio-economic order.
This goal cannot be achieved only through a multilateral and comprehensive approach and the development of transparent strategies that would allow us to free the world of nuclear weapons.
- Organization of sports in different types of national sports, support to schools, sections and sports for children and youth and the acquisition of sports materials.
The programme of awareness for Latin America and the Caribbean, which responds to the needs of the poor, has continued to focus on developing innovative information and education tools and building partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy secretariat serving as the Secretary-General.
The barriers that limit market access, including increases and inflation restrict exports of developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected to the Committee for a period of three years from 1 January 2001, the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of laws, regulations and/or procedures, which allows, in your country, to monitor transfers of such funds or assets to persons and entities identified, including:
It is also necessary to strengthen the political framework of the peace process — in a word, to demonstrate the momentum to that peace process, which has made good progress, as I say at this time, but that need to be released on them.
We believe that it is important for anyone to become an urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of an ad hoc advisory group on Guinea-Bissau within the Economic and Social Council, in which Brazil participates.
Let me recall the meeting of the Security Council of 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region for the maintenance of peace and security, which resulted in the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “The Security Council posed a burden on Iraq to fulfil its obligations and to disarm, and not on the inspectors to find that Iraq had been trying to conceal long.
It is normal that there is a multitude of information related to the organization and administration of these sites and has no link with the mandate of inspection teams or weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The uneven situation with regard to counterparts that could be provided, taking into account the lack of expertise of the Timorese society, represents another constraint.
The majority of the Eastern-Timorans continue to practice a subsistence agriculture with very livelihoods.
While our bilateral relations are emerging at all levels, we call upon the international community, as well as the United Nations to support this process.
First, many comments were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Court of Appeal should therefore be sworn in on the day.
(b) The database on projects is divided into two sections - United Nations projects and projects carried out by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; it contains definitions of projects and outlines funding requirements;
(e) 1.17 The term “ performing party” refers to a person other than the carrier that is liable to [or undertakes to fulfil] [or shall not comply with any or party] of any of the carrier's obligations under a contract of carriage for the purpose of the carriage, handling, custody or storage of goods, in the extent that the carrier shall act directly or indirectly, at the request or supervision of the carrier.
The approach to definitions was amended in accordance with that suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of adding a paragraph 1 bis to Variant C, which would read as follows:
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure is applied by more than one third of Member States, including some high-income countries, in order to limit the spread of HIV by contaminated with HIV.
Most of the police information systems available in accordance with the Convention for the Implementation of the Schengen Agreement are operating as a national database accessible by the Internet and are fully operational in the test phase.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces at the same time.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a grant agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through a decentralized system to help people infected and affected.
Like most countries in the region, Zimbabwe depends mainly on donor support for its HIV/AIDS programmes, but this support has been reduced since 1999.
Accordingly, the President of the Republic promulgated a law that defines the responsibility of the Chile State in the area of AIDS prevention and is the aim of promoting prevention and non-discrimination against persons living with the disease.
Venezuela had benefited from the development of cooperation with UNIDO in the areas such as the fight against mercury pollution, agro-industries and industry, promoting investment, export and technology.
The concrete implementation of the projects under this general framework calls for a resolute effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that these financial implications, of 44783 be included in the programme budget for 2004 under the major programme 4, Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to ensure that any person brought before a court or court under their jurisdiction the right to be present in its trial and to defend itself itself or to have the assistance of a lawyer;
In 2001, a Ministry for Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, given the day.
Given the contribution of women in the economic and social sector, it is necessary to adopt policies to address the social, economic and cultural problems facing them.
The International Organization for Migration (IMO) has done the fight against trafficking in one of its priorities and works with various United Nations bodies and agencies.
Pakistan welcomes the progress made in this regard and calls for the implementation of procedures in this regard to fundamental radiation protection standards of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), in the context of these principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) expressed disappointment at the outcome of the recent Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) held in Conference, and regretted the lack of agreement on the reduction of tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which had led to $500 billion in the United States of income for the rich and poor countries and contributed to reducing poverty by some 144 million people by 2015.
If nothing is done to remedy, the injustice of economic globalization will have to overcome the problems of the third world on the first, and poverty, terrorism and the disease will also be globalized.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya has proposed to overcome the problems that impede its development, both in urban and rural areas, but its task is complicated by the presence of mines in its territory.
The plight of the Aral Sea is an example of the problems that arise.
Mr. Becer (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly in the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action was a major step towards the elimination of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hopes that international protection of the rights of migrant workers, particularly migrant workers, who are most vulnerable to discrimination will be ensured.
In order to provide a fair and rational manner that may reasonably be presumed to be presumed about a description of the goods provided by the shipper, it should be amended to paragraphs 153 and 154 of the commentary.
They often focus on the assistance of the competent services of other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence allowance
(spoke in French)
Rule 207.18 Expenditures under a vessel
(iv) Where this education institution is too remote in order to make every day, the region where the staff member is in post and that, in the opinion of the Secretary-General, there is no education in that school area that should be the child, the amount of the allowance is calculated at the same rate as those specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
The delegation of the United States may not support the proposal for the consolidation of peacekeeping accounts, which is incompatible with the current financial regulations and rules and risk of reducing the control of the General Assembly in each mission.
She wished to see the Secretariat that it had done so to fill local posts in the General Service of the Force, in accordance with the relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO, a total, participated in 66 projects relating to the mangroves in 35 countries.
Group 1 Caribbean and North Atlantic Region:
(d) It is important to develop the implementation of past projects (for results, as a result of possible implementation, etc.) and to disseminate lessons learned from these experiences.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States in accordance with paragraphs 26 and 27 above an amount of $200,051, reflecting as follows:
During the reporting period, a new Government was installed in Afghanistan, with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these constraints is the case of all and looks forward to a much more active commitment by the international community.
This expansion of the work programme makes it difficult to coordinate the work of UNCITRAL with parallel initiatives of various organizations in areas such as electronic commerce, dispute settlement, insolvency, transport law and private financing.
Sixth Committee
She supported continued work on both anti-terrorism conventions, which should be completed soon.
The following information:
The follow-up to the implementation of this resolution must be done in an atmosphere of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which had been submitted in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) To adopt measures to improve the physical conditions of detention in prison institutions and to avoid violence among persons detained and the use of violence against prisoners by prison personnel.
2.4 At the same time, the Ljubo Radovic's police officer visited the Bozova Glaica to say to his Roma residents that they must be immediately.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to grant reparation and compensation to victims of an act in the sense of that provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that at any time of the proceedings the complainant has provided details of torture that he has suffered.
He claims that his return to Sri Lanka would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has ascertained, as it is obliged to do so in accordance with article 22, paragraph 5, of the Convention, that the same matter has not been examined and is not under review before another international investigation or settlement body.
2.2 As soon as his arrest, the Spanish authorities called for a first time its extradition but then withdrawn because of an error on the person.
(b) The disputed statement must be an essential element of the indictment against the author of the communication;
5.4 The complainant refers to a report of the CPT on the specific period when the disputed statements were taken and that:
The grandmother is the mother's mother's mother of Abdullah Öcalan.
1.3 By a note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its comments on the admissibility and merits of the complaint; it also requested the Committee to withdraw its request under rule 108 of its rules of procedure.
With the extradition of Spain, the Federal Office of Justice had accepted de facto evidence obtained by torture.
b No further clarification is given to these problems.
a Includes country: 65.
In the meantime, it would be too long-standing in this area because there is a risk of creating inconsistencies and inconsistencies with the various private international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
The peacekeeping and settlement of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, unfortunately, justified this change in attitude.
Observer status for the East African Community
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division is working closely with UNDP in the following areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, compliance with agreed definitions and data requirements.
The first research has already given strong results and led to specific research and development proposals.
i.
Stresses the vital role that political leaders and political parties can and must play in strengthening democracy in combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2004/L.11/Add.4
The relevance to the extent to which an activity is consistent with national objectives or is part of these objectives.
This will therefore be the most likely to earn if the objectives are achieved, but also they will be most punished if they are not taking into account their interests at the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with ongoing political and legislative processes and new institutional arrangements adopted in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint venture by the South-Pacific Ocean Mining Corporation (SPSP), controlled by Kanaks, and the Canadian Falconmile company for construction in the North Province to deal with nickel from Koni.
At the same time, the number of visitors from New Zealand decreased by 34 per cent and from Japan from 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea, inter alia, said that, if the right could be taken into account, the consideration of the issues of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should advance.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would take about four weeks, as of which a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by air bombings in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action taken
In particular, the Committee provided a detailed analytical comment on the draft text, which the UNCITRAL published as a working paper of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/ST/TLB/4).
The estimated requirements for civilian staff for the period 2003-2004, which cover 256 international staff, 282 United Nations Volunteers, and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amount to $2.40,900, or a decrease of $4,938,300 ($93.9 per cent) from the apportionment for the financial period 2002 to the biennium.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing for the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance of the main countries that produce, sell or work diamonds to participate in the Kimberley Process system,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
For example, in the last analysis, the new proposals, although the re-entry into account, appear not only in the practice of the required coordination level, the broad range of actors that would necessarily be involved and the long-term duration of the reporting cycle, but still likely to lead to the simplification of the process, but the addition of a new level of work, increasing the work of recipient countries and other actors.
The Committee cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the organs, taking part in its comments and observations on the request of various United Nations organizations, organizing conferences and seminars, publishing books and brochures on selected issues addressed by the United Nations system and conducting a continued action of the United Nations system.
Table 1 shows a comparison of the requirements for the biennium 2004-2005 (at the rates of the biennium 2004-2005), the revised amounts for the biennium 2002-2003 approved by the General Assembly by its resolution 57/293 of 20 December 2002 and the actual amount of expenditure and income for the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report be produced on a pilot basis for submission to the General Assembly during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
A D-2, Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.).
The requirements for travel costs for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,243,300 (before recosting), or $74,800 for 2002-2003.
Chapter 26 Palestine refugees
In the future, it should be explained, either in programme documents, either in the complementary guidance of the distribution of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and between the regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The procurement of firearms and explosives in the parallel market must be reported to the Prosecutor, the head of the violation of the Federal Firearms and Explosives Act, and is punishable by imprisonment and fine, as well as confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Conduct
The Committee also notes with appreciation the detailed written replies submitted by the State party to its list of issues (E/C.12/Q/EC/2).
(l) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic in small arms and light weapons (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on Fundamental Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and Measures to strengthen international cooperation to address the global drug problem, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 12.
During the two sessions, additional information was requested on UNCITRAL seminars.
Contents
3.1 The author claims that her son is a victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, because of his arrest and other occasions before his trial he has suffered serious ill-treatment and because of inhumane conditions in which he is detained.
3.1 The author claims that the persistence of the Czech authorities, including the Czech Constitutional Court, to refuse to recognize and declare that Act No. 143/1947 is a special law and that it is as such null and void, constitutes an arbitrary, discriminatory and unconstitutional violation of the right of the author to the enjoyment of his heritage and property, including its right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author further argues that there was a violation of article 14, paragraph 2, in this regard that a violation of article 14, paragraphs 1 and 3 of that article, in order to deprive an accused of guarantees of a fair trial, is also a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 With regard to the question of exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the arguments of the State party that, in a first time, that the author's dispute was not covered by the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second time, that under the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, an appeal could now be introduced to the courts.
The State party argues that the author's allegations are contradictory.
The reasoning of the Committee in this decision arose from an interpretation of the Covenant that article 6, paragraph 1, read together with paragraph 2 of that article, which does not prohibit the imposition of the death penalty for the most serious crimes.
The same day, the author's counsel also submitted a request for appeal in cassation, which was rejected by the President of the Supreme Court of 8 December 1995.
Accordingly, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and that part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2 (b) of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author claims that his rights were violated, since he was arrested and charged without any evidence of his involvement in a criminal activity and that he was grossized by the police at the time of his arrest.
In his statement of appeal, the author had requested the revision of the assessment of the evidence that it considered the error.
With regard to the applicability of the requirement, in this regard, the author submits that, in the case of the application of the statute, the author submits that, in both cases, it was impossible to establish the anti-competitive military regime in place at the time of proceeding to proceed with the prosecution of alleged political opponents within the prescribed time frame.
Given that the State party has not been included in false complaints against this claim, and has provided no other relevant information on the manner in which the executions of capitals are carried out, it should be given the appropriate credit to the author's allegation.
4.16 Secondly, the State party argues that the author has not shown evidence in which the Government's action constituted interference in his family life.
6.2 With regard to the excessive length of the period prior to the trial, the Committee notes that the dates for determining, in the case of the delay, the length of the delay occurred on the dates of the arrest of the author and his trial and not the dates of the author's data, namely the date of the murder, and the date of the early trial.
It is not obliged to use only the documents before the court and may take into account the elements that were not known when the original decision was made.
The Committee also considers that the State party has tortured that it would not have a right to a pension under article 13 of the Law on Benefits due to former combatants, and argues that none of the two bodies dealing with its request had expressed doubts about its ability to meet the criteria set out in article 13.
5.2 With regard to the jurisdiction ratione temporis of the Committee, the author considers that he and his family are victims of a continuing violation of article 7 because they still ignored the person in question.
Witnesses:
He claims that Peruvian judges could have been able to take a decision on the constitutionality of the text if they had been before a complaint that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, this time period is not beginning on the notification of the arrest but from the last notice.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance to the voluntary return of detainees in these regions.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed its consideration of the complaint.
The authors refer to the decision of HOROC to the extent that it contains an assessment of the facts of the cause, which reinforced their argument that the Commissioner has taken a false decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to cancel the decisions of the Ombudsman and to return to the police.
The authors have before it the justice in Tamil cases, Aagunden 1997 and Kundjelljell and the claims of expropriation filed by the authors in the past two cases are pending, but they have not made a request for expropriation in the first of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner were transmitted by the District Court of the Western Fjord District Court, which referred to the judgement of the Supreme Court in the Valencia case, which article 7 (2) of the Fisheries Management Act was contrary to articles 65 (right to equality) and 75 (c) of employment).
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, pointed out that the prohibitions of the Human Rights Committee are fully compatible with the right to freedom of expression under article 19, which leads to special responsibilities and duties.
He immediately indicated that he had intended to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be applied in the case of the present case.
3.3 The author claims that it has exhausted domestic remedies and specifies that the case has not been submitted to another procedure of international investigation or settlement.
In addition, the State Council emphasizes that a dual use may be exercised by the Permanent Officer or the Judicial College in first instance, and then before the Council of State appeal and that these bodies may order to order measures to be taken.
Thus, by the Minister of the Interior of 16 March 2001, it was recognized that the 13 months of the author's military service in the author's position in promoting at the sixth level of the principal senators.
Moreover, the amount of the State was sentenced to pay for procedural expenses has been paid.
Canada, chapter XII, annual report A/48/40/Rev.
6 See Case Cabrao Delgado and Santaana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (the annual report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/C/SSA).
The State party refers to similar comments made by the State party in Pager v. Austria (communication No.
v. France, decision of 3 April 1989.
Meetings
If some posts were actively opposed to new appointments, the Government's will gradually be required.
Therefore, security is of crucial importance, whether the safety of electoral personnel or the ability to participate freely in the ballot.
However, the Judicial Reform Commission has made progress in the areas of the rehabilitation of infrastructure and training.
The situation of women still remained inadequate.
Recalls Economic and Social Council decision 2001/36 of 26 July 2001, in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, indigenous peoples' organizations, to the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues and to all mechanisms, procedures and programmes dealing with indigenous issues, which exist within the United Nations system, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, to submit to the Council as soon as possible, as soon as possible;
The proposed analysis allows for determining which may be legitimate to take place at the negotiating table and what items are to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of a interregional support workshop for the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in Small Island Developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
To do so, there is a need for two fundamental conditions to be met, namely the existence of a vacancy in which no Azerbaijani citizen who has professional training or skills, and the inability to find care services among local job seekers that meet the criteria set by the employer.
The time of rest and break-up is not recorded as the working hours.
In 1997, amendments and additions were made to the 1992 Social Welfare Act, which became the law on the prevention of disability and rehabilitation and social protection of persons with disabilities.
The same article also provides that children who cannot be integrated into formal pre-school institutions because of their physical or mental disabilities are welcomed in specialized pre-school institutions.
The results of the eight finalists have been communicated to WIPO to enable it to participate in international assistance by competition in licence and control of 54 countries.
(b) Between cultural sites;
(a) The national budget;
(d) Agriculture;
It is said that the challenge of good governance is at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play a key role in the proliferation of weapons.
This could lead to a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
This booklet contains guidelines and information concerning the various options once the compulsory school has been completed.
The implementation of a gender study programme at the University of Iceland is one of the priorities of the Centre for the next years.
The committee issued a programme for equality of rights for the University of Iceland for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall establish salaries and allowances of officials of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, and in accordance with the standards of the common system.
b “In Ghana, Hope Arrives through Serald”, International Herald Trib, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with IMF
(c) To continue to include the issue of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee further recommends that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that children adopted are not aware of the identity of their natural parents, even their majority and even if it is in their best interests.
(a) The promulgation of a new legislation and the adoption of several national strategies and programmes, including decision No. 347/2002 on national child protection programmes, concerning street children and children under institution; Act No. 678/2001 on trafficking in persons; Law No.
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, the ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning the minimum age for admission to employment and the ILO Convention (No. 182) concerning the prohibition of the worst forms of child labour and the immediate action for their elimination, which the State party ratified:
(a) To launch public information campaigns at all levels and in all regions, with a view to eliminating harmful behaviour against Roma throughout society, and in particular among the authorities such as the police and professionals that provide services in the areas of health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their reports regularly and within the deadlines.
(b) Develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns aimed at promoting tolerance, as well as monitoring of racist acts and data collection;
(d) To ensure that the Family Council has sufficient resources to carry out its mandate.
At the national level, it is increasingly recognized the need to consider development goals and policies in a human rights perspective (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical, to progressively ensure, by all means, and in particular the adoption of legislative measures, the full enjoyment of rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms constitutional law, with regard to private sector workers and public enterprises, to establish, without prior authorization, the organizations they deem appropriate.
This period is considered effectively in terms of pay for the payment of the salary, regardless of the agreed remuneration system.
Information on the current standard of living
The situation of households, which, even if they devote all their income to the satisfaction of their food needs, cannot be adequately met.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of housing units built a total of 1,0763, an annual average of 10764.
As a percentage of the population and housing stock, these figures accounted for less than 4 per cent of the inhabitants of the country and only 3 per cent of the housing stock.
State housing programmes
With regard to health activities, some researchers believe that more than half the decrease in child mortality is associated with the extension and coverage of health services.
However, there are still widespread legal provisions and procedures for the media and journalists.
FI: Mining Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Act No. 19070 of 1996.
However, it is important that the facts relating to violent crimes against women be delivered in a dignified manner and in respect of the privacy of the victim.
The conclusions of these important meetings remain valid and their implementation must be urgently urgently urgently.
Japan hopes that all States will make every possible effort to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and will build upon the results of the Meeting to take concrete measures at the national, regional and global levels to address the problem of small arms and light weapons during the period from the second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If no of the three options are available, the majority of the votes, which will have gathered at least a vote will be eliminated and a new referendum will be held to allow voters to make a choice between the remaining two options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, determines that it is accepted to vote.
• Women whose education is higher than children.
Kst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting to Review the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
xi.
In their final communiqué, the participants at the tenth Islamic Summit summit, held in Malaysia, invited the Security Council to approve the road map for peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for its implementation within the deadlines.
It is important to set out here the three main foundations of this goal, since they demonstrate our determination to keep this issue on the long term.
However, according to the assertions of the Israeli representative, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption on the part of the Palestinians.
Armenia continues to implement, since now almost 10 years, its policy of the blockade of the Republic of Azerbaijan autonomous in Nakhchivan, causing enormous suffering to the civilian population of that part of the country.
Similarly, it is imperative that the Government and civil society work in order to encourage the growth and development of our children.
Last year, United Nations Member States adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have access to health care and education, which is compulsory.
At the same time, it has been able to reduce expenditures through energy economy measures.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention for the Protection of Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003;
The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission in Guinea-Bissau, which will be conducted by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, and will be the first part of a comprehensive mission in West Africa, and expects its conclusions and recommendations.
The United Nations Commission on Trade Law V (Insolvency Law)* Twenty-eighth session New York, 24-28 February 2003 Draft Legislative Guide on Insolvency Law Note by the Secretariat and II of the first part of the Guide are contained in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2 and the second part of the Guide is contained in documents A/CN.9/WG.
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
However, an informal translation of article 3 of this law, which sets out national measures to implement international sanctions.
Annex
Consequently, no person who is a measure of this nature cannot obtain visas from the consulates of Lebanon or public security.
Afghanistan, South Africa, Albania, Andorra, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Colombia, Ecuador, El Salvador, Estonia, the Russian Federation, Fiji, the Russian Federation, Georgia, the Russian Federation, Georgia, Guinea-Bissau, the Russian Federation, Iceland, India, Kazakhstan, Rwanda, South Africa, Kazakhstan, the Russian Federation, South Africa, Kazakhstan, the Russian Federation, Rwanda, Kazakhstan, South Africa, South Africa.
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To consider the issue of the protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the fight against terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider and, if appropriate, to revise their immigration policy with a view to eliminating all unfair practices against migrants and family members, and to provide specialized training to officials responsible for policy development, immigration and other services, including assistance from non-governmental organizations and civil society, emphasizing the importance of strengthening the need for cooperation in the development of policies, law enforcement, immigration and other services.
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and that it is essential to ensure the full enjoyment of those rights and freedoms without discrimination,
Thus, not only the occupying Power has decided to re-examine the areas that had been placed in full under the agreements reached in the Palestinian control, but it seems that it now decided to take further action on civil affairs in these areas.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 by which the UN-Habitat Executive Board approved the establishment of the Special Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian people and the Trust Fund for Technical Cooperation with a budget of $5 million for an initial period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a comprehensive system of preferences, decided in 1968 at the second session of the Conference, made a positive approach to developing countries' access to markets in industrialized countries.
International disciplines and commitments — indispensable for the establishment of an international economic regime based on rules — are beginning to extend to areas that, by the past, are within the sole jurisdiction of national Governments.
The granting of special and differential treatment can be useful to address economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing countries and developed countries.
What must be the role of Governments?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
A meeting of the Joint Coordinating Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) will be held on Wednesday, 5 November 2003 from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The above Convention was adopted at the plenary meeting of the General Assembly, on 31 October 2003, at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries had taken special measures, although not limited to cases of kidnapping, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims from a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane as Deputy to the Special Representative in Asmara.
After having completed its work on 50 minutes, the group returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at http://www.it.int/documents.
We still do not, at the present stage, the responses we need to be given to key issues on the production of chemical and biological weapons of Iraq, on what remains its existing capabilities and programmes.
The population density and its distribution method have affected emissions from transport and habitat.
Some provide a net increase in emissions from this sector despite the implementation, adopted and envisaged measures.
(c) As aile and safe haven of several delegations emphasized the need to establish the obligation not to grant asylum or refuge to persons suspected of having participated in an enforced disappearance, with that of not returning such persons to a State where they may be subjected to enforced disappearance or other serious human rights violations.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures could, however, be necessary because, in their discussions, the specialized intergovernmental bodies generally focus on substantive issues and do not consider the role of the Secretariat, i.e. the activities envisaged in the programme of work.
(f) The presentation and schedule of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
This is therefore particularly timely to speak of non-permanent members of the Security Council, which with the permanent members uphold the principles of the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
Thus, a discussion will now begin to revise the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on strengthening legal and administrative measures and on mobilizing international cooperation and coordination to that end, my delegation would like to divert attention from this effort, would like to emphasize other aspects that could be considered, and also mentioned in the report, in particular with regard to South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to know and understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and associated individuals and entities may be united in bringing together different ethnic and national groups into their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the follow-up to the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations3 Board and United Nations funds and programmes4 for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the follow-up to its recommendations;2
31.35 The High-level Committee on Management Matters has a primary responsibility to guide the work of the United Nations system in administrative and management matters related to the overall system, and to promote inter-agency cooperation and coordination on those issues for the Council of Heads of Heads of Secretariat.
My question is as follows: What can be expected to look into new contributions? Since, as previous speakers have already said, this process will be long, and will require significant funding, including coordination and cooperation among other countries with the lead country.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braun, who have made presentations that have resulted in both relevant issues on Afghanistan, although more or less responding to some of these issues.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report each month to the managers of the gaps and proposes to consider different solutions to improve regional inventories.
(b) The need for adequate staffing at Headquarters and missions to deal with the volume of air operations, taking into account the increase in air operations in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces
United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to promote the use of identification systems, including the application of the Object-ID standard, and to encourage the establishment of links between these systems and existing databases, including the International Criminal Police Organization, Interpol, to facilitate the electronic transmission of information to the United Nations in order to reduce trafficking in cultural property and to encourage the United Nations to promote the promotion of cultural property;
The political process must therefore be broad, and enough to ensure that all Afghans who wish to participate in good faith can do so and do not be left on the subject, which, in addition, would encourage them to join those who actively undermine the peace process.
I would now like to offer a clearer description of the situation by providing the Council with the most recent information on specific developments in Afghanistan since the last December briefing.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep belief that security is an indivisible and indivisible nature must benefit all.
It might be possible if it was to be accepted to liberate the old bayes and to renounce nuclear doctrine.
In view of the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution will enjoy the utmost support for the part of States parties and States not parties to the Convention.
In accordance with this item, at a ministerial meeting of the Quartet, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, introduced the initiative to adopt a special Security Council resolution that supports the road map.
The President: Y has another delegation wishing to take the floor?
Moreover, no consensus has been reached on issues such as the deletion of unilateral measures (for example, the prohibitions of export imposed by producer countries and the boycott in consumer countries), as they are inconsistent with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, several major timber trade enterprises apply environmental management systems designed to ensure that timber is a threat to the environment and society.
It is in effect in the management of concessions, the development of forest plantations and the subsequent processing of forest products.
(i) Urges countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve the collection and dissemination systems in a timely manner of information on production, consumption, trade and prices of wood and non-wood forest products to promote market transparency.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of former law, mainly of treaties imposed, should be repealed in their entirety and replaced by a more just and equitable legislation, more protection of the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years, men are more than men than women to work because custom is to remain at the home later than boys.
The rights and obligations inherent in marriage are the same for spouses; witnesses can demonstrate that a couple lived in the same house since at least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501)]
In its resolution 42/11, it requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to use the expertise and experience gained in the implementation of its global technical assistance programmes, as well as information gathered in the context of the various relevant questionnaires.
Item 8. Other issues relating to trade and development:
UNCTAD collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa in the preparations for the Cancún Conference participating in the High-level Plenary Meeting of African Trade negotiators in the Fifth WTO Ministerial Conference and the meeting of the Ministers of Trade in the African Union in Mauritius (June), which adopted a joint position on the Cancún Conference.
Technical cooperation and capacity-building activities to assist developing countries in participating in the Doha work programme in the field of trade and the environment continue in close cooperation and coordination with the WTO secretariats, UNEP and the United Nations regional commissions, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as with civil society.
The Committee also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the Kennedy School of Government of the University of the University of Abu Massachts, on 23 and 24 September 2002, in which it presented the work of the Commission on ICT development indices.
We also recognize that globalization, and in practical terms the increase in international trade, offer hope for growth in our peoples.
Last year, taking the floor before the General Assembly, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and promised to report on the progress made.
In addition, women are participating in the broad social activities of the Supreme Council of Women, which is part of a coordinated and integrated development system, including mother-to-child care, and is consolidated on equality between men and women in a society that believes in the family unit, makes a high price of gender equality and respect for family rights.
Developing countries face today's challenges in the area of development, which cannot be addressed only by concerted international efforts and support for the necessary political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
I would like to address two specific issues of criminal justice:
The United Nations must therefore continue to contribute to the process of restoring peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has been trying to implement with the highest coherence of the principles it proclaims.
Significant developments in the global balance of forces and global objectives have been produced since the establishment of the United Nations, there are 58 years ago.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe in Thessalonia, the European Union will continue to support the efforts of the Secretary-General in order to achieve a comprehensive, equitable and practical solution to the Cyprus problem, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each Committee shall elect its Chairman from its members.
The persons arrested or detained must be informed about the grounds of arrest or detention and their right to be held by a lawyer.
Its last publication was the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21th meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered section 28 (c) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and other relevant human rights instruments,
Deplores also that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that officials or personnel in activity or former officials or personnel of a troop/police contributor not to the Rome Statute shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State for any allegation of acts or omissions arising from the multinational force or the United Nations stabilization force in Liberia;
Also requests the working group to consider the information presented and to share its comments and recommendations to transnational corporations, other enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other information sources;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, sponsored by Mr. Chen Shiqu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Kartashkin, Ms. Kartashkin, Ms. Kartashkin, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Hampson.
Dominicans for justice and peace
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could join a level in order to provide an exchange of information on the needs of users and to have a broader goal of integrating GNSS into the core infrastructure of developing countries.
Governments do not understand the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and the fight against diseases.
Expected accomplishments
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is developing a synthesis document, which contributes to the members of the Partnership, to assess linkages between the ecosystem approach and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, subparagraph (f), states: “any person arrested or detained shall be formally charged and submitted to the competent court within 48 hours” and “no provisional detention”.
(f) Support to the Peace and Security Council for the realization of humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Protocol on the Establishment of the African Union;
The Special Rapporteur is of the view that this is an area that could greatly benefit from education and awareness programmes.
The sources indicated that in a few areas the principle of accountability was relatively well applied but that it was largely due to the figures concerned.
Decides to include the following items on the agenda of the third session of the Committee on the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will take place on Wednesday, 15 October 2003 at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvon Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee had intended to review this initiative, as well as the issue of debt sustainability, at its autumn meeting.
The meeting will provide policy makers with an opportunity to address issues related to development cooperation.
Mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Office of Legal Affairs made several statements to explain the rules of procedure of the Council.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
Thus, we are in a phase of building our policy tools, particularly those related to flexibility criteria.
The staff currently under recruitment will need training beyond the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report gives us an overview of the work of the Council during the past year, in its area of responsibility, namely the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) To assist in maximizing the relevance of the work of the Assembly and the Council and to ensure the establishment of arrangements to monitor their effective implementation, including by linking the results of the Council's high-level segment to the deliberations of the General Assembly;
10.16 The expected accomplishments are: (a) the enrichment of the knowledge base, know-how and management tools of government and relevant institutions, with a view to enhancing the capacity of the United Nations system to implement a environmental policy; (b) the development of the technical cooperation agreements only for the installation and use of appropriate and environmentally sound technologies; (c) the implementation of the necessary institutional frameworks for the strengthening of institutional response;
These activities include the provision of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary drug prevention for young people; diversification of treatment and rehabilitation services; policy and strategies; training and capacity-building; and determination and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 Conservation and sustainable management of forest ecosystems
Strategy
(d) Promote the use of information and communication technologies and space technology applications, including by facilitating adaptation to local conditions or transfer of best practices.
The number of results indicators would include: (a) the number of members and associate members who have received assistance from ESCAP and the new initiatives they have taken to improve their ICT policies and the institutional framework; (b) the number of national ICT training centres and the number of technical cooperation activities among developing countries with the assistance of ESCAP; (c) the establishment of a regional cooperation mechanism;
Strategy
The achievement of the targets will be determined by more rapid assistance to the victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; more timely and coordinated interventions in disaster-prone countries; a higher rate of participation in disaster management training courses; increased cooperation on the ground and the region; and a greater response from donors to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation for mitigation
Programme 26 Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and victory (Soul, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Olendi (Mexico) said that, in three years of exercise of power, the Government of Mr. Vicente Fx had laid the foundations for a exercise without reservation to human rights.
In this regard, her delegation endorsed the recommendation of the High Commissioner that it should be used to create a culture of tolerance and respect for other and not violence.
New laws are required, but the most important challenge lies in the adoption of laws, but in their practical implementation.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the Fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies focused primarily on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their reduced mobility can prevent the use of water from the same time when water is contaminated, land are broken off and supply sources.
Such services should be developed and a social contract that is politically viable.
The declaration also aims to strengthen cooperation in order to better implement laws, provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and special recommendations of the Financial Action Task Force on Money Laundering.
Ms.chles (Australia) recalled that there had been approximately one year, 88 Italian women had died and 202 were wounded following the Bali terrorist attack.
However, in exceptional cases where organizations can be established, the relevant decisions must be binding and the creation of the new institution is derived from the functions of the organization established.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (Second Committee matters)
BRF has worked in specific measures to combat the financing of terrorism in the financial system of Fiji.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its response capacity in a year on the other.
The statement is annexed to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve or recover from the encumbered assets, such as equipment repairs, hold a security right, which is generally entitled to security rights in the same property guaranteed by other claims.
Non-expendable equipment
There should be a need to broaden the need for the implementation of the terms of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP and those of the project document related to the Interim Authority;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies to support the economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Support to the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the author of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Commending the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
The decrease is still more net since the proportion of 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, within the manufacturing sector itself, it was attended by a new distribution of production, the desert in the manufacturing of the road and clothing to the use of electronic, engineering and health.
It is proposed that family therapy be available to families in relation to the problem.
It is an important initiative that has been the removal of illegal ships to Armi, the operation is being conducted jointly with the Land Department.
The land is returned to the owners or heirs as if their acquisition by the State had never been held, provided that the owners of the ground in the three months following restitution.
In fact, the situation was considered unfair to the foreign donors and the amendments made in 1995 to the Ordinance of 1944 on the limitation of rent for housing homes, the Housing Award Ordinance and the 1931 Ordinance regulating the renewal of the rental of urban property, which did not apply for the lease of the rental of the rental of the rental of the premises of the year 1995 or after the date of the restrictions imposed by the law.
The programme consists of several integrated programmes, including previous services in the design (consulator for frequent falses, genetic counselling, pre-school services, pre-school service, specialized care for infants, periodic reviews of infants, free medicine, school medicine, centre of child abuse and assessment.
The municipal councils re-election and travel of district clinics, while NGOs are concerned primarily to organize special services to disadvantaged groups such as persons with disabilities and users.
The Catholic Church provides its own schools and equipment, but is also responsible for maintaining its institutions and to finance the possible expansion.
The candidates for university studies must have suffered successfully from the examination of the bacacaca, which simply gives access to university and must also fulfil the special conditions for admission to certain studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD encompasses almost all aspects of the socio-economic and policy structures of society, whether development planning, sound economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, security, agriculture, health and education, among other key elements of progress.
However, the problem facing us in this regard is that the mandate mandated by the General Assembly to consider the issue of Security Council reform — that is, the Open-ended Working Group on the Reform of Counsel — has not been able to achieve significant progress since it has been established under resolution 48/26 of the General Assembly in 1993.
1.6 The Committee would wish to receive information on the conclusions reached by the Commission established by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Alqs, which is subject to pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report to ensure harmony with existing criminal law with terrorist offences.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and potential use of United Nations human rights instruments in the disability perspective” carried out by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Liability of the University of Gallin (Ireland) at the request of OHCHR analysis the provisions of the six United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability and review the functioning of the United Nations system.
Measures of States 9 - 22
In this regard, OHCHR supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the proposed supplement.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or modification, a simple interpretative declaration, contrary to a regular reservation, may be formulated at any time.
It was also asked whether it should be confined to unilateral acts in strict or expanded to certain types of behaviour of States that could produce legal effects.
But the 26 million Iraqis deserve.
It is urgent that the message of the mandated inspectors by the Security Council and provide the necessary responses.
inspections cannot be pursued without prompt, active and effective cooperation in Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the question of Palestine
I believe that the announcement by President Bush last Friday, namely that the Quartet would present the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible Prime Minister and with sufficient powers would be confirmed, is an important step in which we must make substantive.
Accordingly, the Secretary-General's proposals to reduce the additional amounts are limited to those mentioned above and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the guidelines of the Commission, the Special Rapporteur has consistently paid special attention to the issue of gender-based distinctions.
The request for approval is registered in a registry (RC).
The ratification process of the Convention is under way.
Under expected accomplishment (a), replace “social problems” with “ social development problems”.
Malawi would like to see that all States have committed themselves to the defence and the promotion of the functions and credibility of the Court and that it is consolidating its jurisdiction and independence: it must be vigilant and to collect the unequivocal commitment of all States; it must also be given care to the officials of the Court, especially the judges whose personal integrity and independence must be in the case of any suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) — the risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands notes that the courts of the Netherlands do not consider that most of the economic and social rights are directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members are also seized of document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
It was prepared jointly by the United Nations and the national organizations responsible for the issues of interest in the sustainable development of oceans and the progress of the oceanography, under the primary responsibility of FAO and under the conduct of a steering committee and a technical committee, which provided coordination of work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism established for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
In order to meet the needs of the Convention on Evaluation, the Global Assessment should include an assessment of biodiversity at the ecosystem level, species and literacy levels.
Ad Hoc Group on Global Policy Review
Group of 77 (Second Committee: Environment and sustainable development)
She thanked the main managers for the information provided on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes to the management of human resources of the Organization.
Expert Meeting on the definition of environmental goods and services and their contribution to trade and development
In some cases, however, the poor performance of private enterprises and social dissatisfaction are of concern.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of the draft resolution (A/C.3/58).
However, policy reforms and capacity-building in developing countries should be introduced.
OHCHR also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations Country Team, as well as with ICRC, to develop a joint strategy for displaced persons.
The Act of 1992 on the transfer of technology and foreign investment had liberalized FDI inflows and guaranteed repatriation of profits and capital.
We reiterate that, on the issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and military actions facing Palestinian civilians, the Government of Prime Minister Sharon will act in order to support the peace process.
The Palestinians want to put an end to occupation, with the certainty that they have a truly viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, enshrined in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without distinction,
In particular, the grants were used to provide intensive training to teachers, Professional and evaluators at the provincial level.
The group referred to the various forms of education in the context of article 6 and noted that there existed a number of activities organized, formal and non-formal activities for children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Awareness (Chairman: Ms. Višnja Ggasović, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauer, Switzerland)
For example, article 139 of the Penal Code states that: “The conspiracy to commit any of the offences referred to in this section shall establish the same penalties as those that affect the effective commission of the act”.
Under article 148 as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001, it is punishable by forced work anyone who possesses or transports on the grounds of any type of explosive or insulting or any toxic or toxic, sexually, bacteriological, chemical, chemical, radiological or chemical, radiological or material, as well as any of those materials, to commit terrorist acts or to enable others to use this end.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening the role of the United Nations in enhancing the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and the efforts to promote democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of United Nations peacekeeping operations
The “E3” Panel found that Van Oord had the right to be compensated for some of its loss of tangible property, but recommended that no compensation be paid for other claims.
It is further noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its ability to support the Counter-Terrorism Committee when necessary, the Department of Disarmament Affairs should draw the attention of the public to the risk of use of weapons of mass destruction in the context of terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that much remains to be done to achieve the objectives and priorities set out therein;
(h) Field television services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
They spoke between other agreements and institutions aimed at improving the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment and the South-East Pacific and the Plan of Action; the Convention for the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment in the Caribbean region and its Protocol on the Areas and Punishment of the Protection of the Marine Environment in the Caribbean; and the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the Baltic Sea;
Another suggestion was that the main agencies that should participate in the consideration of the topics entrusted to groups should establish joint reports to submit to the groups at the beginning of meetings, following the discussion on the scope and nature of inter-agency coordination on the areas of treaties, to complement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea, to continue its distribution before the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In paragraph 19, at the second line, the word “education” is to replace the word “information” and, at the fifth line, the words “to provide any assistance in this regard” shall be replaced by the words “to welcome the invitation of the Chairman of the Special Committee to attend the Constitutional Convention to be held in September 2003”.
On the occasion of a presentation on the effects of the structural adjustment on human development that it took place at a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki identified three major features of structural adjustment programmes and stabilization programmes: they are limited; they are in the interest of capitalism; and they undermine the power of the State.
Any attempt to link the prohibition of any future production and the issue of existing stockpiles would have to extend unnecessary negotiations and to affect nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament.
(a) At the election of additional members, the General Assembly will respect the following distribution of seats:
According to the World Bank, housing costs increased by 12 per cent over the first 15 months of the second intifada, 43 43
The PCDAR is an implementing agency that directly reflects the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority of the camps have been given, the refugees of the camps have replaced and amended their homes and have added others.
Taking note of reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea concerning the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union is equally committed to promoting gender equality and women's empowerment and believes that the perspective of gender equality must be integrated into development strategies and policies at all levels, including in the United Nations action.
There are currently two female district chiefs on a total of 141.
As to the World Health Organization, it uses four women and six men.
Despite the compulsory nature of the primary school enshrined in the Constitution of 1991, the problems arise from this level of education.
The success rate was 71 per cent and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the sector of higher technical education, attendance by primary discipline was the following in 1997-98:
Women are dominated by the trade sector, where women's/ men's report is 2 to 1, textiles and textiles, and the food industry other than rice.
According to this study, 37 per cent of women had already used a condoms.
(ISBAD, 1996; brief-Sendgen, etc.
The village leader is assisted by a Deputy but a total of 1249 deputy, 101 women are women.
Our work on small arms has many aspects, but the human dimension must remain our guide.
We also wish to ensure success in 2004 of the Review Conference to be held in Nairobi, Kenya, which will help to achieve this goal.
At the same time, it is important to control weapons and impose restrictions on the need to establish an adequate balance between legitimate security needs and the unnecessary loss of innocent lives, resulting from irresponsible policies on the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
Moreover, she would like to know whether there were figures showing the number of men and women working in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. González asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Reproductive and Sexual Rights in paragraph 42 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Service on Health and Sexual and Rights in paragraph 421, were two separate or silent institutions and whether they deal with rights in itself or only health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to consider, within the framework of the negotiation process, the contributions of the United Nations system and relevant international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties will hold regular meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure adopted.
However, the Chairman hoped that each organization represented at the meeting would provide, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources, a mechanism for the exchange of information.
Other matters
“Welcoming the decision of the Government of Benin to host a regional preparatory conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of adopting effective measures, including, where appropriate, new financial mechanisms, in support of the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, reduce poverty and strengthen their democratic systems, while reaffirming that it is the primary responsibility for ensuring its economic and social development and that national policies play a leading role in the process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of the following countries: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Croatia, Cyprus, Denmark, Ecuador, Estonia, Finland, France, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Mexico, New Zealand, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Portugal, Poland, Portugal, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, Portugal, Portugal, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation of the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, the Russian Federation, Germany, Germany, Germany, Portugal, France, France, France, France, France, France, France, the Russian Federation, France, France, Germany, France, the Russian Federation, Finland, Finland, Finland, France, France, France, Finland, France, France, France, Germany, Finland, Germany, Germany, Germany, France, France, France, France, France, France, France, France,
The report of the Secretary-General on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, tables 1 to 4).
A woman was appointed to the Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) (with effect from 1 January 2003) and another was recently appointed by the Secretary-General for the crisis in Côte d'Ivoire (with effect from 10 January 2003).
Serious respiratory respiratory infections showed that regional and international cooperation is essential to addressing the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives to ensure better efficiency and visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the riots held in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country seemed to be removed shortly.
It is necessary to ensure that, through training courses and adequate support, that the current standards provide birth to best practices on the ground.
(i) There is an urgent need to take this measure;
[c) [To avoid any doubt,] the arbitral tribunal is competent, inter alia, to decide on all matters raised by the provisions [of subparagraph (b)] above or related to them];
Mr. Neser (Sweden) said that he supported the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the reforms proposed by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/264);
Expressing grave concern at the continued Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, United Nations resolutions on the issue and agreements reached between the parties, including through the construction and extension of the settlements in Djabal Abu Ghounaym and Ras el-Amoud to occupied and around East Jerusalem
International cooperation in the field of environmental protection should be focused on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening of relevant environmental development bodies at the national, regional and local levels, since this would help developing countries to better address climate change problems.
To ensure the sustainability of the environment, universal support is needed.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by adopting the laws or regulations necessary to ensure the effective compliance of the arms embargo;
Furthermore, in order to implement a system such as Sococ, it must be duly reflected in the Secretariat's bulletin ST/SGB/1997/5 of the Secretary-General, dated 12 September 1997, in the terms of which (sect. 1) “The Secretariat, which is one of the principal organs of the United Nations, has headquarters in New York.
The level 5 is given to representatives and allows for access to documents reserved for participants, such as the conference papers (CRP), in addition to accessible documents 4.
In considering the web sites of organizations or agencies whose official documents are posted on Sococ, some of them did not suggest that the documents in question could be accessed through that system.
The initial system has responded to needs for almost 10 years, which is much if it is considered the speed of technical innovation.
The seizure of these identifyers must sometimes be done in a man-made manner. The task is hard to work, and is very time (from three to six months) and it represents an increase in work when staff resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, on 5 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some are even suspected of helping others to acquire weapons of mass destruction, while some attempt to acquire such weapons, or not to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge posed by terrorism as a new and real threat to the international arena, introduced a new dimension to disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
The representatives of 117 States, as well as observers for the Secretariat of the United Nations, organs and institutes of United Nations research institutions, specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme Network and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I welcome the work of the Ad Hoc Working Group on Conflict Prevention and Resolution in Africa, the Special Advisory Group of the Economic and Social Council for Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three areas in which ECLAC wished to act as a priority during the biennium 2004-2005, namely, policies for the promotion of equality and poverty reduction in the region; national policies aimed at strengthening the linkages between economic and social development and globalization, and the integration of opportunities for government policies in the region.
The first group met with the Director of the plant, to which he asked questions about the materials produced by the plant, problems encountered in production, as well as on the effects of the problems on production.
Expressing its appreciation to those countries that continue to host Afghan refugees and at the same time calling for further assistance to all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations with regard to the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons and to enable the access of international organizations capable of providing assistance and protection to those persons,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Special arrangements for the annual payment or longer period of contributions to the budget by the Government of the country where the Centre is installed (hereinafter referred to as “the host Government”), by any other member of UNIDO or by any intergovernmental organization with relations with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between Governments or organizations concerned.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They noted that the Evaluation Office would close its efforts and could lose efficiency.
Ty: Satellite
The following year, Nauru has yet been placed at the lowest level. The members of the Group have included the list of “ countermeasures”, not because of the insufficient lack of our laws but because the rules of action had changed and that we did not have the capacity to oversee the offshore banks registered in Nauru.
In addition to combating weapons of mass destruction, it is absolutely imperative to address the problem of small arms and light weapons that play a role in conflict and insecurity in many of our countries.
Unfortunately, it would seem that, for a very small number of Member States, the issue does not act as a matter of formulation or terminology, but that it is involved in other factors that, very vaguely, we have the difficulty of doing so.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft programme of action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account the differences between States on the scope of the criminal legislation, inter alia, on prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornography.
Contents
There is a growing number of girls' schools, and it is used to serve the meals of 12 noon in order to encourage their students to leave school.
There is no data on the illiteracy level of rural women.
To be held in eight closed on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the Middle East
Notes the importance of bilateral peace negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security in promoting mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
The negotiation of a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks that the irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines brought to human beings.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of its mandate in resolution 57/61, to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO welcomes the idea of working with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and groups of civil society to develop national action plans and implement the implementation programme.
To date, taking into account the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the latest meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes are allowed; many of the partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on how to achieve all previous commitments and define further commitments to the full realization of the objectives of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomed the outcome of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development, which clearly clarified the methods and programme of work of the Commission.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that participated in these difficult consultations during the past months and whose commitment and dedication have made today the adoption of the resolution.
The overall management of reform and judicial review remains the responsibility of the Transitional National Government of Liberia, with assistance provided by international experts under the leadership of the United Nations through the knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[In the case of afforestation or reforestation project activities under the CDM for which it is issued CERs], a designated operational entity shall verify and verify that appropriate insurance is pending during the period under review.
The amphetamine continues to be manufactured mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should have a priority to ensure that all their services work together and provide their resources and knowledge to combat drug trafficking.
This is also essential for managing and use.
Annex II
The State of Victoria (Australia) assists the Fiji police in the use of pistols and provides training materials on road safety.
If those who resort to traffickers are deliberately, they are not less exposed to ill-treatment during their perinatal, including extortion by corrupt representatives of immigration or other law enforcement officials.
It was hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in peace and security would renew the concept of cooperation by all countries in favour of peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of resolution 377 (V) adopted by the General Assembly in 1950.
The crew of the “shzou”, who wishes to say that “the divided in Chinese” in Chinese, stolen space and is healthy and except on Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the killing, violence and other violations of human rights and atrocities committed recently in Bunia, as well as the attacks of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and the displaced persons who have been refugees in the premises of the Mission, and reaffirms that such acts will not be unpunished and that their perpetrators will be met.
Appendix A
Under paragraphs of the second draft resolution, entitled “United Nations Model Law on International Trade Law on Private Infrastructure Projects”, the General Assembly would be grateful to the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law for the Further Development and the adoption of the model legislative provisions, would request the Secretary-General to publish and recommend that all States take due consideration of the legislative provisions and legislative provisions of the Legislative Guide.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/515)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Solomon Islands, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, Rwanda, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court appealed against him, in public hearings, a penalty of six years' imprisonment and six months of the head of tax fraud and violation of the obligation to maintain accounting.
1.1.1 [1.1.4]
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, Chair of the SBI, and Mr. Halldor Thuirsson, Chairman of the SBSTA, introduced the objectives of each of the workshops and indicated the expected results.
The workshop, which was intended to establish the reports requested in article 18 of the Convention, focused mainly on States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
The economic situation then improved, the Government had adopted a dual approach to gender mainstreaming, both to integrate a gender perspective into its strategies and to develop gender-based policies and programmes.
It also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns to the Convention be conducted for parliamentarians, including judicial authorities and legal professions.
In view of all these elements, I would like to ask once again to the Council to consider carefully the international measures that will ensure the security necessary for the progress of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I wish to reiterate that the Government of Kenya is determined to fully implement the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other international instruments.
The Secretary-General is of the view that the costs of the Institute for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004, including salaries under the existing nine posts (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service posts), would be set up to $973,300.
Peace and disarmament.
This initiative has proved effective in terms of time economy, efforts and resources.
(b) The guidelines for this nature will be incorporated into the guidelines on programme presentations for 2004 and will include, as recommended in the audit on staff training, direct costs for design, development and implementation of training activities funded from the administrative budget, and training projects managed by the Personnel Training Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the whole draft resolution (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document is composed of three parties.
Compilation and synthesis of life
However, UNMEE may, within its verification mandate, ensure that the parties fulfil their security responsibilities with respect to the employees of the enterprises under the Boundary Commission, and act in extreme situations to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs indicated in this document are purely indicative.
However, eight countries alone, against the target of 19 which had been agreed, reached their completion point in mid-2003.
On 22 October 2003, between 500 and 015 hours, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea off Beirut (from 20 kilometres of the coast), in the direction of Jounini and until the west of Chakka (at 11 kilometres of the coast).
On the same day, at 2170 hours an Israeli military boat fired a flare fire in the above waters.
The Secretariat should strictly abide by the rule of the six weeks governing the publication of documents and all relevant resolutions and regulations of the General Assembly, in particular the texts that the Organization should refrain from publishing documents or on its website as they are not available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation has never been more favourable to women than in 2003.
Oceania will consider in the near future the possibility of extending the scope of those prohibited.
The annual budget for child-care services for 2003-2004 will be more than the three-year period of 2000-2001 and these additional funds are mostly designed to the most disadvantaged areas.
In the context of the priorities of action for 2002-2003, the objective of a rate of participation of 72 per cent by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was set.
The targets have been set for reducing the number of unwanted pregnancies among adolescents and measures to improve communication, promote education and empower women.
According to the health plan adopted in December 2000, Our National Health: a plan for action, the NHS must ensure that health personnel is at the same, professional and culturally, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The managers of all NHS organizations in Oceania are also personally committed to implementing this programme by signing the leadership of the Commission for Racism.
Concerted efforts have been made to improve rural services, such as schools, police forces, and childcare services.
The Court is developing a partnership project with advisory bodies, which could involve the equipment in electronic links to the proposed business centres, court rooms and the complainant.
A strategy is currently being developed, with two major objectives: to reach more women and children and to promote awareness of their choices in the security and protection of them; and to reduce social tolerance of such offences as they are no longer excuse, tolerated or ignored.
In this context, it seems that, as stated at the last session of the Committee 661, an emergency plan to accelerate the process of renegotiation of financial amendments to these contracts is required.
We hope that all the issues highlighted by the Chief of the Office of the Iraq Programme, in the report submitted to the Council, on 29 September, as not yet resolved or not under agreement, can be resolved fully to ensure that the transfer can be carried out in best conditions and within the time frame.
There is no doubt that the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as already attempted to make Mr. Philip Alston, as an independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the very little and serious challenges that we need to be overcome and overcome if we want, as stipulated in the Millennium Declaration, to assume a lasting peace and to achieve a strong development.
Table 2 Number of donors announced multi-year contributions to UNFPA regular resources, 2000-2003, by region, from 28 February 2003) (United States dollars)
In a democracy, it is the majority that it is incumbent upon them to choose the rules to accede to it and, in the past few years, Canadians have, in their majority, demonstrated that they wish less violence, both in real life and in the media.
Research showed that, with regard to crime-related issues, there is a need for financial reasons, to operate and focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided that the mandate of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November following the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted by consensus its resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see part IV of this report).
The draft budget of the Court is governed by the first duty of the Court, to conduct fair public trials within a reasonable time.
A second unit maintains the database of the Office of the Prosecutor and provides the necessary technical support for the daily use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, which is based on the same functional approach as that used for other major programmes, aims to ensure the greatest effectiveness through the establishment of a set of common services at both the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions involve the establishment of three separate sub-groups within the Group of Participation and Compensation for Victims in 2004, i.e. the sub-group of participation, the sub-group of the Compensation and Sub-group of the Fund for the benefit of victims.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and documentation
Performance indicators
• Travel (including security officers for the Prosecutor, the President, judges and deputy travel in high-risk areas)
It would also function as to advise on internal legal matters relating to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Deputy Executive Director explained that the amount of the contribution was only one aspect of the calculation: if the two other criteria - payment and contributions to thematic funds — were satisfied, the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
He also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the rule of law and would appreciate more detail in this regard.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31.
However, it was not possible to change the existing reservation but to the formulation of a fully new reservation.
The Office has developed a comprehensive document on legal and judicial reform, which is the development of progress in the past 10 years, in preparation for the midterm meeting of the Donor Group, to be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also emphasize the need for more intensive use of the peaceful settlement of disputes, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
During its consideration of peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be advised on how to provide the necessary expertise.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society groups; the new measures have been made relatively strong consensus within the Government coalition, and it is hoped that the regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28 to 31 January and 29 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are central to the sustainability of this human and environment. Our traditional knowledge systems must be respected, encouraged and protected; our collective intellectual property rights must be recognized and guaranteed without prior consent, freely and informed consent, traditional knowledge holders must not become the public, cultural and intellectual property.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further clarification and proposals regarding the structure during the intersessional period.
It may be aggravated by 5 to 10 years and the fine of 50,000 to 1,000 to 1,000 FCFA was established that the offender is normally delivered to that activity.
- 1 Deputy Secretary-General;
The Civil Code that regulates family relations stated in its Articles 7 and 80 that the human person is entitled to the birth of its birth and until its death, it has the enjoyment and enjoyment of all private rights unless otherwise otherwise otherwise provided.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been established to ensure the effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of entry by land, authorization to enter into border can be obtained from the delegations of immigration and border services.
Annex
This is not reflected in such differences between men and women in other diplomatic places.
The recognition of the values and potential of assistance that non-governmental organizations can provide to government institutions is reflected in the Croatian Government's cooperation programme with the non-governmental sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Belize) said that the exclusion of Taiwan from the United Nations violated the principles of universality and self-determination contained in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
It was also expressed the concern that the inclusion of the member of the phase “or undertakes to fulfil” would not make the broad definition.
However, it was concerned that Variant B did not refer specifically to the liability of the carrier and that its paragraph 1 stated that the carrier was entitled “autonomy of its liability” without having established that responsibility.
The Working Group as a whole approved the substance of paragraph.
*
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, Gabon, India, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Pakistan, the Syrian Arab Republic, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Sri Lanka, Swaziland, Thailand, Togo, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play a role in other situations of tension, in particular the question of Palestine.
It is the Iraqi regime that it has always been bound to avoid war.
I would like to emphasize the very useful contributions of a large number of speakers before me, which have greatly enriched our debate on this very important issue.
My delegation has listened carefully to the views of the Member States of the United Nations during this debate.
A starting point could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that should guide our decisions in the future of Iraq.
The Security Council will, and will continue to focus the primary responsibility for global peace and international security.
My Government is fully committed — and will continue to do so — in the fight against international terrorism.
We must be conscious of the fact that there are still peoples living under foreign occupation and that under international law are entitled to resist such occupation.
We also take further steps to develop cooperation in this area with other Central Asian States.
It is said:
Specific resources for the resident coordinator will continue to be used in support of coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3, the Administrator provides in its budgets projects, for the financing of UNDP funds, separate funds that are submitted separately to the Executive Board approval.
It will transmit to its partners the lessons learned and confirmed practices so that their policies and programmes respond to the concerns of the poor, those that affect and infected HIV/AIDS, in conflict or post-conflict situations and those that are otherwise excluded from participation in decisions affecting their lives and choices.
The present proposal is therefore not intended to reduce the rate of recovery to reflect interest, which is currently about 2 per cent.
The support budget for the biennium 2002-2003 was $7.3 million.
In order to achieve a comparison with changes in the volume of approved activities for the current fiscal year, growth or decrease is expressed for the assistance of the same factors used for approval of credit.
Urban Secretariat
Burkina Faso reported that it had begun the ratification process.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter of 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report submitted by Indonesia to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of items before the Council is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
reforestation and afforestation contribute to poverty reduction in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization has been reflected in a decline in the State's revenues owing to the decline in tariffs and taxes, and therefore has resulted in a reduction of public spending, especially in the social sector.
Clarification was sought in connection with the joint group of the Commission on Human Rights/WTO proposed by the independent expert; some delegations stressed the need for human rights issues, including the right to development, to be considered in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, stated that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, the above delegations called for strengthening cooperation, exchanges and regional integration.
One speaker said that the working group itself had already been a follow-up mechanism and that it was necessary to consider national studies and experiences and monitor the implementation of United Nations conferences.
In this context, the working group considered that States should, inter alia, strive to eliminate protectionist barriers to developing countries' exports and eliminate subsidies that affect exports of those countries.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate this work, including by introducing recommendations, as appropriate.
The group raised questions to the Director of the project on the water treatment methodology, the quantities of polybrominated metres each year, the quantities of water, the number of employees and entities that provide the biomass.
It further emphasizes the importance of effective, responsible and predictable collaboration in this area.
Case studies
Once again, the use of the veto, on 14 October, prevented the adoption of a resolution considered by all as a balanced resolution — which did not call upon Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territories by force and to consider that the separation wall is illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its multi-year leadership programmes, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, encouraged the strengthening of leadership at the national level in a number of countries — Cambodia, Ethiopia, Ghana, Haiti, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal and Swaziland — as well as in the Caribbean region.
List of tables 10
Analysis and valuation
The written response of Iraq to that claim may be summarized as follows:
In many of these instruments, the Treaty prohibiting nuclear weapons tests in the atmosphere, outer space and under water (Treaty on the partial prohibition of nuclear weapons), the Treaty on Principles governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons (NPT), prohibiting the use of nuclear weapons.
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and entered into force on 23 June 1961, established the first continental zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to join the consensus of the draft resolution.
Iraq had acknowledged that it had not paid attention to these changes.
I believe that if we are genuine, we must acknowledge that the “the end of the innocence” has come, no need to do so.
The last part presents the conclusions.
General implications: development and poverty reduction can only be achieved if productivity gaps in the interior and between countries are reduced through the mobilization of skills, know-how, technology and information in developing countries, with a view to achieving equitable and sustainable development.
That is why strengthening institutional capacity, the development of skills and the promotion of entrepreneurs are also critical to the success and impact of UNIDO's technical cooperation programmes; in this context, it is proposed here for UNIDO's technical cooperation activities a new approach, which should enable them to make a more focused and more efficient use of the experience and know-how of UNIDO professionals.
The German-demand Treaty establishing a monetary, economic and social union entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German-all Agreement on preparations and organization throughout Germany on the first election to the ICC on 3 September.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights are binding at the national level, because of the ratification of these instruments, but also because under article 25 of the Basic Law, these rights have a higher authority to ordinary laws and directly create rights and obligations for the inhabitants of the federal territory, to the extent that they can be interpreted as general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties devoted a separate chapter to the issue of public participation (Australia, New Zealand, Sweden), but much addressed the issue under another perspective, with regard to the participation of NGOs and policy makers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) or as a general principle (Italy).
Others believe that the participation of public participation in the development of plans, programmes and policies in relation to climate change issues (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict it is essential to maintain a minimum environmental cooperation to safeguard natural resources and to prevent the health of people from being threatened and sustained environment.
It should be envisaged that the construction of new waste-water treatment facilities should provide for the re-use of water.
The quality of sewage in or needs, water and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be consistent with the most recent international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo Agreement II, it should be used to use the installation that exists at Ramat Hovav in Israel.
Second performance report
Mr. Buriga (Liechtenstein) said that the past year had been a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in crime prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including by improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as introducing multilingualism and teaching of indigenous languages and cultures to promote better understanding among cultures.
After having received additional auditors and clarification on this subject, the Committee considered the issue during several official and informal meetings, and several proposals on ways to address this problem were presented by the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
First, all individuals have the duty to assist the public power, in accordance with their means, to fully fulfil its fundamental role.
Article 12
(g) It is important to request special rapporteurs and representatives to keep their duties assigned and to keep them from addressing issues that are outside their jurisdiction.
The Committee is of the view that the Special Information Programme on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has been instrumental in informing the media and public opinion on the situation.
The Arabs sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, which, as stated in the report of the Secretary-General, will remain a fundamental element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the cost of this first Review Conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by States parties and States not parties to the Convention that will participate, and in accordance with the United Nations scale, as appropriate.
(a) A note with concern that there had been a high proportion of General Service staff in the regional commissions in the report to the Professional and higher categories and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, as appropriate, of the initiatives taken;
(c) The ratio of General Service staff not working on the functions of the secretariat/ Professional and higher categories for all of these offices, and therefore the need for support capacity, is based on the local situation and of the development of infrastructure and trade services in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children died.
It is undoubtedly the first time since the Cuban missile crisis, that the peoples of the world take the opportunity to take the opportunity to make the two options around a crisis of that seriousness, i.e., a peaceful diplomatic settlement, or a war, with its aftermath, the serious consequences of such an act for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
That is in their interest.
For example, in two months of work on the ground, it is to be noted that through the cooperation of the Iraqi authorities, the inspectors have easily access to over 200 sites, including presidential and private homes.
Indigenous peoples and indigenous communities are not deprived of their livelihoods or are forced from land they occupy in violation of Convention No. 169.
They do not take disciplinary action or other measures against workers or other persons who filed a complaint or affirmed that the company did not comply with the standards;
Thirdly, he argued that it should be ready to change its positions and to explore each opportunity to find a fair compromise.
Introduction
Great Britain
and
According to the Registry (art. 26-30) a preliminary draft budget is prepared by the Registrar.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Afghanistan, Algeria, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Belize, Belarus, Belize, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Cameroon, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Cambodia, Cape Verde, Chile, China, Comoros, Congo, Comoros, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Congo, the Congo, the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Republic of the Congo
That Syria calls — or anyone in this Chamber — to listen to the voice of wisdom is a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
The delegation of the United States would like to know about the reasons for the establishment of a senior staff body as a key element for the progress of the major organizational reforms aimed at strengthening the international civil service (A/57/30, para.
The European Union agreed with the recommendation of the Commission in its report (A/57/30) concerning the maximum amount of payment and payment for studies in the countries and the currency areas listed in paragraphs 14 (a) and (b) of paragraph 141, as well as the recommendation on payment of the lump-sum reimbursement and the additional reimbursement of fees (c)).
All parties attended weekly meetings and responded promptly to incidents.
The total bank deposits has increased gradually, with an increase of 6 per cent over the past six months.
This hour of history requires a reflection, chapeau and action.
Mexico believes that genuine reform should be supported on five specific guidelines.
[Original: English and French]
Furthermore, regional integration - developing countries and least developed countries in all regions - has gradually been expanded to services.
Purpose and objectives
However, when this amount is too high, it may have a deterrent effect and move against the goal of access to a commercial, economic and rapid access to insolvency proceedings.
Indicate the mass of the encumbered assets may have effect to increase in the supply of credit, since secured creditors would have the assurance that their real rights would not be affected by commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The assets that the debtor has prepared during this period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The need for measures to protect the value of the encumbered assets will have to be balanced with their complexity and costs, and the need for the court to be able to take difficult trade decisions on this protection.
automatic termination
For greater transparency in the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clearly set out in the law the limits imposed by the insolvency representative on the types of contract considered in this section.
However, even if this approach is adopted, it may be that the insolvency representative should open a procedure to recover assets or equivalent value to the counterparty when the latter did not return.
As noted above, however, a total stock of the enterprise may dislocation and harm its exploitation at a critical stage of its survival.
The following list does not claim to complete and, in some cases, the functions overlap or will not be relevant because of the provisions of the insolvency law.
In general, the committee will act on behalf of creditors: its functions will be directly related to the general functions entrusted to them, as mentioned above.
When a creditor committee is established (and the recruitment of professionals), it is necessary to give effect to that obligation by requiring its members (and professional workers) to sign confidentiality agreements.
Some of them pose general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan must make a clear and precise understanding of all parties the financial situation of the debtor and the changes in certain rights proposed, or specify minimum requirements, for example, that the plan must provide for payment of certain preferential claims.
In practice, this time period may go from 10 to 45 days (see chap.
The recommendations concerning the notification of commencement provide protection to the debtor by requiring that the application of the opening notice be notified and giving the opportunity to refer this presumption.
For example, the ILO Convention on the Protection of Receivables in Insolvency of Their employer, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the decline in this area.
With regard to the latter, the programme is responsible for providing support to the Economic and Social Council and the interaction between the Council and the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination.
On 6 December, the Chair circulated a draft statement by the President, welcoming the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, introduced a closed meeting with the participation of troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force during the six months (S/2002/1328).
Official meetings
Having obtained the required majority of the votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that Mr. Collen Vixen Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Narcirounou (Côte d'Ivoire) the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these powers are in good and due form.
The Working Group is proud to provide effective electronic communication services that allow G-77 to meet its increasing information and communication needs.
This is a permanent forum in which higher education institutions and their leaders can discuss important issues and problems in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002) seminar organized in collaboration with ESCAP and UNCTAD (approximately 100 participants);
Private sector fund-raising strategies
The social fabric has been broken and is women and girls who are vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, former adult combatants were the only people to be subjected to our attention.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations will disseminate a comprehensive training manual on “New and peacekeeping” in peacekeeping missions and Member States.
More needs to be done in post-conflict situations and reconstruction.
The international community should take appropriate measures to bring relief and compensate them.
Web sites President of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
For 12 years, Saddam Hussein has denounced Security Council resolutions.
We are now in a rapid growth phase, supported by a solid research programme and development, a industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the resolutions adopted by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the latest of which was resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
According to the estimates, the reduction of one week of the duration of the annual sessions must be translated into a cost of US$ 2283,300 based on full cost for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include that guarantee the right to water without discrimination and require measures to ensure effective, practical and targeted implementation.
The subsidiary organ of the Conference of States Parties and the Regional Bureau may, if necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information1.
Add a new subparagraph (f) as follows:
“(a) The subsoil falls under division 2.1 if the content contains more than 85 per cent in mass, unamable components and whether the chemical of combustion is equal or more than 30 kJ/g;
“For UN No. 3175, the test of spectacularity is not required when the liquid is fully absorbed into a solid basis.
P903 Add the following paragraph:
4.1.9.2.1 Replace "the industrial industry of the type 1 P-1”, “Bone industry in the type IP-2)” and “the industrial sector of the type 3 (P-3)” by “the type IP-1”, “Pis of the type IP-2” and “the type IP-3” respectively.
Paragraph 6.1.4.7 to 6.1.4.6 became 6.1.4.6 to 6.1.4.6 and 6.1.4.8 and 6.1.4.8.1 became 6.1.4 and 6.1.4.1, respectively.
6.2.2.3.3
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kenyehi noted that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women victims of trafficking were immediately expelled from Switzerland and that this fact is not in the country, they cannot testify against the perpetrators.
Indeed, with the support of the international community, to ensure peace, security, healthy economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to base NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
While we would like to support the related ills of the heritage, we can state that it has been used successfully to ensure development and stability in other countries and in other regions.
While there has been a shift in over the past two years, the amount still remains far below the level of the 1990s.
The strong commitment of the international community, from the floor to the action, and the continuing leadership and responsible for Africa, working in a sustained manner in the sustainable development of the continent, will contribute to ensuring the full success of NEPAD.
It is the first legally binding international treaty that addresses the trade in the products of biotechnology.
• U.S.
6663642
As the Secretary-General stated in his last report, he noted that, in considering the cooperation activities carried out in 1999 by the White Helmets Commission, the implementation of the White Helmets formula and the experience gained in that framework.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the Chairman (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.1, A/AC.268/2003/WP.3);
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a member of the United Nations civilian staff in the performance of its functions in the peace service, excluding those who died of natural causes or accident after the effective date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation ( extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, control of trafficking by sea, cooperation in law enforcement and training);
Article 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that the members of the Bureau of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs remain in accordance with the election of their successors and are eligible for re-election.
(c) The COP
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had developed at the end of others expressed preference for the proposal made by the member States of the Organization of the Islamic Conference (OIC).
There is a risk of overlap and duplication.
The family, which is the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for the livelihoods and well-being of all its members, must be protected and receive the necessary assistance to assume all its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; assassinations, destruction and detention are the result of those children who have access to education or medical care.
Their current situation in the Israeli occupation is very far from a “global world fit for children”.
We are hopeful that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its broad range of activities will help achieve the objectives of the draft resolution.
(a) To pay particular attention to the protection of refugee children, especially isolated minors, and children internally displaced persons who are exposed to the risk of being abducted or forced to participate in armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 N of 29 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
Child protection issues - against sexual abuse and exploitation, in particular, were the main obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West Africa and Central Africa reported that several countries in the region were in the process of developing legislation providing more severe penalties for traffickers.
The institutional framework for public service organizations has already been established.
UNICEF is developing two HIV/AIDS strategies.
The resources to cover this type of activities have already been included in the programme budget for the current biennium and section 24 (Human rights) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
This amount would cover expenditures for: 12 military advisers/ officers of the United Nations police officers (488 dollars); 8 civilian police advisers (325 international staff, 143 national staff and 737 local staff), or a total of 12 posts resulting from a net decrease of 27 international staff and 21 national staff;
Consideration of the programme of work: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
I should like to draw the attention of the members of the Council to the other documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letters dated 2 June and 24 July 2003, from the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations; and S/2003/685 and S/2003/68, letters dated 2 July and 9 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations.
“I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the Group of the States of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, to request the Security Council to invite Mr. Ahmad Haekkerupseini, Deputy Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, Chargé d'affaires a.i.
But the effect is the same: annexation.
The fear is still very poor adviser and constitutes an artificial solution to the problems facing Israel.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs of Norway reiterates this condemnation without any unequivocal condemnation during his meeting with Chairman Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories and the excessive use of force against innocent Palestinians also leads to despair.
However, she also took note of the different views expressed in the Working Group regarding the form and scope of the instrument, its fundamental principles and some of its main characteristics.
24-21). It was agreed to recommend that the secretariat follow-up to the suggestions to broaden the scope of the study, taking into account the obstacles to electronic commerce that might arise from other instruments proposed for inclusion, and to discuss with those organizations the modalities for the implementation of the necessary studies, taking into account the constraints that the secretariat would impose on the current workload.
Enterprises that exercise of legitimate trade activities should not be a concern to disclose their identity or institution.
(i) To operate a new reduction of non-strategic nuclear weapons that is transparent, verifiable and irreversible, based on unilateral initiatives and within the framework of the nuclear weapons reduction and nuclear disarmament process;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and ban its commitment to preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The deputies of the State party state declare that when considering ratifying the documents to be submitted on the participation of Latvia in the partnership and cooperation agreement between the Russian Federation, on the part, and the European communities and their member States, they will determine whether it is necessary to ratify it in its national human rights obligations.
She would also like to know whether the Government encouraged the training of women's organizations.
Science and technology as a basis for sustainable forest management
Secondly, it must be used to use the knowledge of case studies to develop indicators for different stress factors and to be both specific and solid scientific levels.
Date and place
The Chairman: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.9 expressed the wish that the text be adopted by the Committee without a vote.
Through this simplified interface, it is possible to access not only to the database but also to other information available on the web site.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Coordination of policies
Mindful of the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in this new millennium and in achieving the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
pilot projects had been approved for two of the Territories and their execution would be subject to careful consideration to determine whether they could be applied elsewhere.
The Supreme Council of the Judiciary, in addition to the candidates listed in article 3, paragraph 5, of the names of two candidates to be submitted by the Secretary-General, who will serve as an international investigation judge and that will be the alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
UNCC claim for development
The KAFCO evaluated fuel Jand A-1 at its cost of replacement in May 1991, based on the average price of purchased.
The production profile used after this date is based on the annual production rate in 1994, although real production figures are available today.
Ms. Pham Thi Nga (Viet Nam) said that, in explanation of the position of his delegation, that the draft resolution did not reflect progress in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution is unproductive on the request of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the international community on the establishment of an international criminal tribunal for its country to end violence and impunity.
In November, the mother of seven children was killed in a terrorist attack at the same headquarters.
They are essential to achieve a comprehensive settlement.
As soon as the international community has endorsed the Road Map accepted by the Israeli and Palestinian parties, its implementation requires genuine political will to achieve the final goal, namely, the settlement of two States, envisaged by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive signs that have recently indicated a revival of the political process, Israeli colonization policies and the continuation of the construction of the separation wall are against all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while turning the year on the terrorists of all on board, we must acknowledge that one of the sources of this tragedy lies in the despair of some peoples, victims of frustration and injustices that are not just addressed.
On the other hand, Iran has no nuclear weapons programme and does not mean it.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral use of military force, in transgressions of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage countries, individually, to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI, have committed themselves.
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999, in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion of the work of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of those indicted are deceased and that others are never arrested.
Furthermore, pursuant to a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution defines the family as an entity based on the equality of spouses.
The plan provides for the establishment of village development committees, which must be held at least one woman from their members, who are responsible for the implementation of the village village.
We are ready to continue to cooperate closely with the Tribunal so that these trials are held.
With regard to the question posed by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and rapid transfer would ensure that cases are completed within the time frame, as the Chairman said, the judicial process is not easily predictable.
Subregional level
That is why solutions to prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes will result in the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, the first of which nuclear weapons.
In the area of competition for export, it was proposed to reduce export subsidies and credit, but without a specific objective or time frame.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment, by the Community, of the Women's Network, which aims to empower women, including by facilitating access, credit and trade and technical training;
Such a project is under way in Central Asia.
Identification.
Contents
Some participants stressed the need to explore the possibility of creating an international stabilization fund that would play the role of the insurance mechanism to assist in addressing the losses arising from the implementation of response measures.
Mindful of the importance of collaboration among the organizations sponsoring the Global Climate Observing System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty be deleted from the law on criminal sanctions of the two Socialist Republics and that it is expressly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish a open-ended working group to explore ways to improve the predictability of funding.
In particular, it was mentioned that the proposed provision on the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions would cause significant material and financial damage to third States.
It would be desirable to temporarily suspend sanctions in case of extraordinary circumstances or force ( natural disasters, threats of hunger, general unrest resulting in a disruption of the administration of the country), in order to prevent humanitarian disasters.
Accordingly, the need for temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered in the case of a case.
The sponsor delegation proposed the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergency situations and in the case of major force in order to prevent a humanitarian disaster, and should be decided upon in the case of that suggestion”.
It was further noted that the last principle (sect. 5 above) raised an important issue of codification and progressive development of international law and that it would be appropriate for the Commission on International Law to do so and that the Sixth Committee in discussion.
Transparency will remain a feature of the work of the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
As a result, despite the slight change recommended by the Group of Governmental Experts this year, the concerns of the members of the League of Arab States remained unchanged; they believe that the scope of the Register should be expanded, in particular because the experience of past years has shown that the Group has limited to seven categories of conventional arms, will not be universal participation.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help to strengthen our gains in the rule of law.
For my delegation, it is a historic opportunity that is the first time that the Republic of San Marino takes the floor to the Security Council.
Decides further that the Office of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee shall be composed of five representatives of Member States elected according to the principle of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors raised several points regarding the liquidation operation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1n), para.
Please indicate, where appropriate, how your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and conclusion
Source: Hague Conference, Reports of the Conventions, Convention No. 2 (available on the website “ www.hcch.net/fpec/conventions/ context02f).
The obstacles to the full and full participation of women in political life are rather than their origin in traditional attitudes of society; there is a real resistance, on the part of men, to the fact that women can play a role in decision-making.
The trial of another Kosovo Serb, accused of being the instigator of the April riots, started on 22 November.
Research activities using rockets and submons, as well as the space missions of ESA, are designed and carried out by research teams in the areas of the physical nature of Christmas, astronomy, air and science.
UNCTAD's activities in the area of trade and development were not intended to duplicate the work of other organizations, but to consider the relationship between trade and development in an objective and integrated manner in order to facilitate and strengthen the process and negotiations in other forums.
The pilot phase had already been able to strengthen the capacities of Somali disarmament, demobilization and reintegration institutions.
target: All reviewers.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the General Assembly at its seventh session on measures taken to implement this decision.
“Dens of village”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are not in a position to protect is to your burden.
The Commission on Human Rights must play a key role in the process of improving the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other relevant entities, both public and private, as well as multilateral agencies to continue to contribute to voluntary or in accordance with their mandates, activities related to the development and implementation of action programmes to combat desertification in all affected regions;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that it would be possible to resolve the issue at an expanded meeting of the expanded office, given that the views of the expanded office would not necessarily reflect those of the Commission as a whole.
(iv) All the costs known and estimates relating to the duly authorized representative of the Secretary-General to serve in the International Advisory and Monitoring Board during the period from six months defined above, after which the expenses of the United Nations will be incurred;
Its efforts against terrorism using weapons of mass destruction will also be consistent with the three-stage programme framework of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee, based on the establishment of the necessary legal framework for counter-terrorism, following the strengthening of executive arrangements for the implementation of legislation, and then the development of international cooperation.
Its basis for production remains close and limited.
Despite the time periods of hope that Egypt has made a fair, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been the theatre of armed confrontation in other phases and periods that have had a profound impact on the peace efforts that Egypt has made with objectivity and clear determination, which would make every opportunity to establish a just and comprehensive peace for the countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also urges States to take all appropriate measures to protect the cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
Moreover, the lack of effective control of the flag State provides the maritime sector to the offenders involved in the smuggling of weapons and trafficking in drugs and diamonds.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
At the time of war, by the territorial courts of the armed forces and by military tribunals in the armed forces.
Participants were attended by 115 countries, including representatives of government agencies, international organizations, consumer organizations, as well as trade and industry.
The PRESIDENT said that he had been honoured to chair the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Council, which had coincided with a period where, after four years of reform, the Organization enjoyed greater stability.
Ghana, despite financial constraints, has undertaken to honour its financial obligations to the Organization.
Place of regular sessions
If the President continues to be a representative of a member of the Executive Board or is unable to carry out its functions, or if the member State of which it is a representative of the Executive Board, the Office shall designate a Vice-Presidents as the Acting President until a new President of the Executive Board had been elected by the Executive Board.
The role of poverty and its impact on the whole population was highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
It was welcomed the deletion of 57 products and the rationalization of publications.
The Committee recommended the dissolution of the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus, given that it has long been possible to agree on how to implement its work programme and that it is not able to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that UNHCR's proposed programme budget was introduced in the form of grants to simplify the link between OHCHR and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered chapter 35 (Procurement) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The strategy of subprogramme 2 should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial policy review and conclusions be submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women for its consideration and measures as appropriate.
The list of participants is contained in annex I.
A representative of the minority recommended autonomy for the people of India in a specific region of Nigeria, explaining that this would promote socio-economic development and the full participation of the Ogonis in the control of resources.
The term “new minorities” has not been accepted by all, its use requiring further discussion and thinking.
Training courses should be encouraged to learn about the use of human rights mechanisms and the development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
There is a need for a new consensus on the issue of the role of the public sector in the area of energy for sustainable development (for example, to set the objectives of public policies, to establish priorities and guide markets), without losing the view that market forces will not only be sufficient to address energy in developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
Currently, the approach could be described as “purchase”: some provisions of the Convention have been transformed into specific laws.
(c) The two Cougar Turkish military aircraft coming from the FIR of Ankara entered the FIR of Nicosia, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the occupied area of Apostolos Andreas before exiting in the direction of the east, thus far in the opposite direction.
There must be long-term and political will.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and recently, Liberia, show the full success of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes in emergencies, more complex peace operations involving multiple partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Moreno Ocampo, has come to our office in Geneva to discuss with us possible areas of collaboration.
These words are the best tribute to the work done by MONUC.
Mr. Mayjalte (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): Mr. President, I would like first to thank your delegation for having included an important issue as that of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo on the agenda of the Council's work.
An ecosystem approach requires the expansion of functions and processes involved in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex,
Intergovernmental Group on Forests
(iii) Possible measures to reduce risks, in particular political risks, to investors that commit themselves to sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
No more than the United States had done so when they offered money to Iranian nationals after the United States missiles killed a Iranian commercial aircraft in Iran.
In addition to students in knowledge management, especially those relating to accounting
(b) Technology for analysis and design of systems (the item, which covers computer-related issues, is addressed in cluster 3.6.
The Israeli Government is headed by a known terrorist, Ariel Sharon, who, according to two officers who participated in the massacre of Kafr Qassem in 1956, ordered the Palestinian children to their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General to ensure, in accordance with the budget of the conference services, to ensure that the resources provided for under temporary assistance are provided to meet the full demand for the current experience;
Paragraph 2 would be very close to paragraph 2 of the Model provision 32 and would therefore read: “Any property of the ground that may be required for the implementation of the project is carried out in accordance with ...”.
A second term may be added to the French version.
The type 33, as amended, is approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENNY] Annex II
(f) That, as proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of their liberty must be released in a manner that allows them to fully verify that they have actually been released and, in addition, they have been released in conditions that guarantee their physical integrity and the possibility of making their rights;
The study found that the manner in which the administrative services of the Secretariat does not allow them to take full advantage of the opportunities offered by technology, or to adopt the most modern practices, such as other organizations.
Having considered the report submitted by the Secretary-General pursuant to the request contained in resolution 57/11 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar in order to bring Myanmar to a transition towards a civilian regime, and to ensure that all the two members have full and freely access to Myanmar and that all persons cooperating with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are not subjected to intimidation, harassment or punishment;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/... of ... April 2003, endorses the Commission's decision to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur, as set forth in Commission resolution 1992/58 of 3 March 1992, and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.”
• A serious consideration should be given to the dismantling of the large mining companies held by the State such as Gassamines and MIAA (Minister of Bakwanga).
Expresses its appreciation to those Governments that have made additional contributions for the establishment of national human rights institutions and the strengthening of those existing;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;1
The unutilized balance was due mainly to the decision that had been taken not to purchase new generators from large-scale generators, available generators had been made available through spare parts and had been sufficient to ensure electricity production.
Recalling that the relevant United Nations human rights instruments and programmes and programmes of action require the granting of protection and assistance to the family as wide as possible, and that the family is of different forms, which differ according to cultural, political and social systems,
The Vorburg Group focused on the issues of identifying suppliers and the quality of all existing registry.
Reaffirms its role in the budget process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, as part of which, inter alia, advises the Programme for the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and resource management of the Programme on the basis of priorities established by Member States;
Capacity developed through: support to organizational and planning entities (public and private) policy and development policies; support for the formulation and implementation of legislation; inter-ministerial coordination capacity; research and training on development issues, etc.
Discussions were specifically devoted to these items and draft resolutions were presented and discussed at the 11th to the 15th meeting, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.5/58/PV.11-6).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its mission that lasted six hours, then returned to the Qasr Ninawa Hotel in Mosul.
The National Monitoring Directorate informed the meeting and encouraged it to participate in the meeting.
It should be recognized the importance of broad-based services as an engine for economic and social development;
]
(b) In fact, for any person who is responsible for a private sector or works, in any capacity that is, for such entity, to seek or accept, directly or indirectly, an undue advantage, for itself or for any other person or entity, in order to perform or refrain from doing an act and to do so as to do so (in connection with a economic, financial or commercial operation, which is a cause for prejudice to the entity.
[j) Identify, freeze and tracing the funds of illicit origin derived from acts of corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties shall establish a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
According to these delegations, it would also be important to ensure that the system designed to take into account existing regional mechanisms and seeks to avoid unnecessary duplication.
Text taken from the proposal submitted by Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (on 32) presented a “without reference to measures taken”.
For this year, a projection is provided for agriculture but not energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases according to their degree of difficulty affecting more resources to highly complex cases;
Agenda item 84
Furthermore, the thematic meetings of treaty bodies should be encouraged, which contribute to improved and transparent protection of human rights in a determined area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Implementation and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate it to the Third Committee.
In the face of the determination of States that are not nuclear-weapon States, the States that are bound to show that they are making tangible progress in nuclear disarmament.
(v) Take note of the fact that planted forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and prejudice to the rights and livelihoods of the local population (in a strong discourage in the Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General of 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations made by the Secretary-General that a electoral unit would be established within UNAMA, and calls upon Member States to support the activities of the United Nations in the electoral field in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter of 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report submitted by Spain to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It is working to promote TCDC in the areas of policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador expects five women with the Embassy, compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Monvo (Ecuador) said that the most important legislative amendment had been the revision of the Family Code, which had occurred in the Congress in first reading and was awaiting a second reading.
Resolution 145 (2003)
Executive Order No. 336, replenishment of the National Commission of Action against Aircraft and Terrorism as a National Council for the Safety of Civil Aviation.
Contents
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination, as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The fruitful exchange of views that were followed had enabled delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
African uses
MMA
However, it may be necessary in such a case to take various factors, including rules of the organization, its practice, the issue of effective control and the existence of an agreement governing its relations with the State.
OHCHR takes into account the generosity of donors, particularly donor Governments, to cover these needs.
The key task remains to correct the effects of past violence and to address current violations while developing national capacities to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Strengthening statistical capacity;
The first results of the work of the Community provide a rich potential for cooperation between the Community and the International Organization on the basis of partnership principles, participation and complementarity.
29B.24 Programme planning and budget preparation are covered by the Programme Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in that regard.
In view of these contributions, it is estimated that the balance of the Institute's Trust Fund as at 31 December 2003 should be estimated at $75,600.
Request for hearing
Alternative A
The definition of the term “electronic signature” corresponds to the definition of the same term in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicole Valenta (room DC1-603; tel.
With the exception of sales publications and information materials issued by the Department of Public Information, hyperlinked official documents listed in the Official Document System of the United Nations in the electronic version of the present Journal may be accessed through the Official Document System of the United Nations.
Ltd. (Sudan)
The smuggling is still more than 50 per cent of trade.
The pills and the illegal accusations of the security forces, the ex-combatants and other bribes undermine any economic stabilization perspective and can only discourage capital inflows by foreign investors.
The United Nations should play a more active role in the negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearances of gend weapons would be, according to the testimony gathered, of the acts of unlicence.
The prevalence of HIV/AIDS increases and children represent 7 per cent of the infected population.
However, it will be necessary that country offices seek to better formulate lessons learned and recommendations.
Contents
Press conferences
The status of ratification of the conventions and information received on the implementation of the action programmes included key indicators of progress in combating slavery and slavery-like practices.
The observer for UNICEF presented the work of the Fund in the area of child protection.
Calls upon United Nations bodies and institutions to develop and implement codes of conduct prohibiting any form of sexual exploitation by United Nations personnel, service providers and humanitarian workers, and invites non-governmental organizations to do likewise in their field of competence;
Invites States and interested non-governmental organizations to undertake research to achieve a better understanding of the diversion of certain practices with a view to protecting women and girls victims of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the meeting of African Ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and decision taken at the 1990 session on the improvement and effectiveness of its operations (CD/1036), the Conference invited non-member States to participate in its work: Azerbaijan, Azerbaijan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Cyprus, Costa Rica, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, Georgia, Ghana, Greece, Jordan, Kuwait, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, the Philippines, the Republic of Moldova, the Philippines, Portugal, the Philippines, the Republic of Serbia, the Republic of Serbia, the Republic of Serbia and the Republic of Serbia and the Republic of Serbia, the Republic of Serbia, the Republic of Serbia, the Republic of Serbia, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Serbia and the Republic of Kazakhstan, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Kazakhstan, the Republic of Serbia and the Republic of Serbia and the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Serbia, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Serbia and the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Serbia, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Serbia
I hope that the Ministers will request accelerated measures on all these vital security issues.
More than possible links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
Informal consultations on agenda item 59 (Strengthening of the United Nations system (A/58/395, A/58/395/Corr.1, A/58/375, A/58/600 and A/58/610)
Encourages countries to submit, under Optional Protocol, national reports at the Commission's consideration session in particular, identifying concrete progress made in the implementation, including results achieved, difficulties encountered and opportunities;
(d) To endeavour to achieve, within the Commission, better and balanced representation of the major groups of all regions;
The issue of agricultural subsidies, which trade liberalization, was raised and considered a serious obstacle to achieving sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005, additional activities to be undertaken include an assessment, assessment and analysis of progress made in achieving the objectives; inventory of problems and obstacles encountered, but also opportunities, the development of lessons learned, including through coordination of information received from various sources and activities aimed at strengthening capacity-building during the sessions of the Commission; the establishment and management of a transparent and transparent information system;
This assistance has helped to develop educational materials, train trainers and senior managers, and provide technical and financial support to the organization of training sessions by trainers in Cambodia.
The total amount of USD 2512,082,410 for interest and the amount of USD 1728,864,5151 for the preparation of the records - claimed for the 380 claims of the first part of the sixteenth instalment of the Panel's claim to USD 4794,428,422.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and implemented within the framework of international cooperation, will ensure that the regional initiatives carried out by different agencies or groups of organizations produce synergy.
The Fifth Committee, having considered the statement of programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General3 and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions4, decided to inform the General Assembly that, if it adopted draft resolution A/C/C.5/61/L.1/Rev.1, the opening of an appropriation of $1,375,600 will be necessary for the biennium 2004-2005:
Within the framework of its host programme, the Government shall immediately provide housing, food assistance and language services for all returnees, men and women, and is trying to find work, thus enabling the vulnerable group a number of services.
In the context of international cooperation, the Government is making a complete restructuring of its statistical and census centre, with a view to improving data collected and updating, and allowing for a gender breakdown.
There is a growing literature on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and more practical examples of this contribution.
See for example, Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraph 5, and CCR General How No. 14, paragraph 3.
Is it necessary to reduce duplication of work in the work of the Committee and those of international organizations?
- Local governments, which are responsible under the Law on Local Governments, annex II, to address the issue of vulnerable children, must develop their potential in a more pragmatic manner;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of the evolution of net transfers of resources to or from developing countries.
It is important to continue the dialogue that began in Johannesburg on the issue of the conversion of debt to investment in environmental and sustainable development.
There has been cases in the past when the meetings of the States parties have been delayed or cancelled because of the lack of quorum.
On the occasion of the Human Rights Day, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights is organizing several activities to commemorate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the World Conference on Human Rights and the allocation of human rights prices.
It was said that efforts should be made to avoid this problem when considering the provisions of chapter 8 in the light of existing instruments on electronic commerce.
He reiterated that the P&I Club was favourable to the implementation of the instrument in the area of transport, and stated that while difficulties could occur as a limited network system and with a uniform system, it was to be noted that the transport industry had, in a large extent, adopted a system of the network for multimodal transport, including in the UNCTAD/ITC Rules and the letter of Transport.
In response to a question regarding the reasons for which the draft instrument should apply a rule by default in the event of “non-expendable property”, it was reiterated that the main focus on this issue was to ensure that the liability regime for such damage is predictable and secure.
10 a.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
A briefing on the Youth Employment Network established by the Secretary-General, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Secretariat of the Youth Employment Network, the World Bank and ILO, will be held today, 30 September 2003 at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will take place on Wednesday, 15 October 2003 at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvon Clarke (Barbados).
According to the approved posts at 30 June 2003, the strength would be strengthened from 223 international staff (1 D-1, 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-4, 74 P-3, 13 P-2/1, 29 General Service and 74 General Service (Other level)), 537 staff, including 25 Professional, and 207 United Nations Volunteers.
The latter would be attended by a Secretary (General Service (Other level)) and a driver (national General Service).
Ms. Shin asked about the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission on Women's Issues, the Federal Office for Equality between Women and Men and the Swiss Conference on Gender Equality, and was concerned about the lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Office.
3, and
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint programme of work with IAEA to develop a standard by implementing the IAEA Safety Standards process with the appropriate participation of experts of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with the procedures and mechanisms of the IAEA and the Committee on reporting.
Option 3
In our deep regret, the Secretariat of the United Nations has taken no steps to redeploy United Nations observers in the demilitarized zone between Kuwait and Kuwait, so that they can fulfil the tasks entrusted to them under Security Council resolutions.
Primary health care remains also inappropriate for many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations have been setbacks.
Among these, the National Women's Forum is a body of permanent, multidisciplinary and representative dialogue, enabling women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and guidance of national policies for the full development of women, in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat has defined guidelines for the legalization of such groups, training of their members in the social organization and capacity-building, self-esteem and human rights in the departments of Chiquimula, Zacapa and Santa Rosa.
Women's Health Week.
This collaboration could begin by holding an international symposium to study the various aspects of commercial fraud and where the different stakeholders could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the following non-governmental organization requesting consultative status with UNIDO: World Federation of Free Zones (GEFZA).
In this letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities would give serious consideration to the adoption of these measures and would make every light on the incident of the “ microcredits”.
With regard to reports and recommendations of the teams that could be taken into account for the preparation of the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to circulate the chairpersons of a model for their contribution to the report of the Committee.
6-20 June 2003, New York
It further noted that the African Union was a result of the common vision of a united and strong Africa that would enable the African continent to face the multiple challenges that the continent and its people must face in the light of social, economic and political changes that occur in the world.
They emphasized that these institutions should resist the efforts of some countries that use such conditionalities to defend their interests alone.
They called upon donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian appeals to the proportion of the needs of the affected populations, without prejudice to the degree of interest of the media, or by the geographical position of the location of which states the urgency requiring the provision of humanitarian assistance.
The investigations carried out by Tunisia indicate that any Tunisian banking agency or no operating entity has no funds, financial assets or resources from individuals or entities listed in the above list.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordination body should be designated within the United Nations system to provide support in this area and the regional commissions of the United Nations should provide certain activities,
Convinced that the responsibility for road safety lies at the local, municipal and national levels,
Thematic discussion (th meeting) on the basis of consultations conducted by the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The draft amendment to the Money Laundering Act, which establishes acts of terrorism punishable by the Penal Code in accordance with the Act, allows the Office of the Anti-Money Laundering Office to freeze the funds or assets of persons or organizations of terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is considered periodically on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations to the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization Dalate Counsellor's re-election and the Ush's reforestation Section will be the host of the seminar.
It should, in the term, contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations establishing sustainable land resources management and would result in a qualitative and quantitative improvement of agricultural land and an increase in agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and plans of action and in their educational and cultural policies, the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, customs and ceremonies, as well as their history, vision and values.
The mentality of the cold war and the role of nuclear weapons in doctrines of nuclear-weapon States, the current impasse in the Conference on Disarmament, the absence of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and in particular the increased risk of nuclear weapons, created a precarious situation that the non-nuclear-weapon States need negative security assurances.
participated in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Women, held in Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Therefore, they must be secure by a number of provisions:
- Computing intellectual property rights;
We cannot allow us to leave the active Conference or to allow them to leave or allow them to be able to lose the obstacles to cross or because our sense of power growth is in order to decline the arms.
During the preparation of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team initiated a dialogue with local heads and military units throughout the country.
These officers have effectively implemented the integration of the rights and protection of the child in peacekeeping operations.
However, if a staff member is re-elected by an organization that applied the United Nations common system less than 12 months after its cessation of service, any amount to which it may have the right to the end of its commitment under the termination allowance, repatriation allowance or payment of annual leave should be adjusted so that the number of months, weeks or days of treatment should be paid to the end of the month.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council, in particular, must act together in this critical period to avoid a humanitarian disaster in Iraq.
Therefore, only claims for instalments completed on 2 May 1990 or after this date fall within the competence of the Commission.
Only the amount of compensation for the compensable period may be compensable.
The “E2” Panel has defined the scope of military operations and the concept of the threat of military action to the various places and dates for the losses reported in the claims before it, in order to determine the area and the compensable period.
Canada agreed with the presidency for a period of one year from 1 January 2004 following the end of the South Africa mandate, on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will take stock of best practices available from these recent planning and lessons learned, to determine whether they could apply to future operations.
If a new operation was to be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be able to deploy more quickly than the past, through the strengthening of the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of new civil support arrangements (as described in sub-items 3 and 4 below).
The maximum duration of deployment for the members of the rapid deployment team will be 90 days, following which the interested parties will return to their place of origin.
A CD-ROM of interactive training, entitled “management of stress” was recently completed and communicated to field missions in December 2002.
Training in the field missions was strengthened by the establishment of training units at UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET, as well as the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware that a single code of conduct must apply to all personnel assigned to peacekeeping missions, whether military, civilians or civilian police members, even if disciplinary procedures vary according to staff categories.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and the Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, former Yugoslavia.
A commitment and cooperation are required at the national and international levels to address them.
The lessons learned from the current pilot projects show that it is vital to identifying productive activities for which there is a potential demand, including start-up costs, and which require skills that persons with disabilities are likely to acquire.
It is thus developing a tension between the vulnerability of one party and independence — when an independent person is facing the new need to receive care and depend on others.
After having considered the studies of specific and interesting cases, one participant emphasized the need to find a fair environment between self-government and public regulation in order to promote genuine transparency.
The search for a structure in which developed and developing countries could discuss this issue was deemed necessary by several participants and it was noted that ISAR could play this role.
New York University
University of St.
United Nations Decade for Education for Sustainable Development
In accordance with article 15, the shortcomings identified were reported to the claimants so that they could be addressed.
In the case of a claim, the Panel has ascertained that the goods had been delivered in Iraq by the claimant, but did not have been able to determine whether they had been little time before or after the date on which the trade embargo imposed under Security Council resolution 661 (1990) of 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries paid between August 1990 and April 1991 to reduced employees from the result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur was sensitive to his support for a number of United Nations agencies in preparation for the study.
As early, there are 4 to 7 per cent of these enterprises who are located by women.
- The leaders and officials of enterprises, institutions and organizations, and all other persons who provide assistance to terrorist activities, in particular through the financing of terrorists or terrorist groups, by providing or collecting funds to be used, directly or indirectly, for the commission of terrorist acts or related offences or transactions involving funds or other assets;
- It signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified it on 12 September 2002, indicating that it exercises its jurisdiction for the offences referred to in article 2 of the Convention in the case of article 7 of the Convention;
The Act, which is not restrictive, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Tax Code (United States Intergovernmental Panel) in force on 31 December 2000.
The SBSTA and its members play a central role, individually and collectively, in helping the GM to fulfil its mission, as defined in article 21 of the Convention, but the sense of concern among the stakeholders consulted, including the members of the Global Mechanism, is that the GM has not yet fully complied with its role.
Describe a niche for the GM
The curfews are still continuing, but are not strict than in 2002.
The Bishkek meeting held on 9 and 10 July 1998 held experts from the nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention are guaranteed in a constitution or other laws and, if so, to what extent; or, if such provisions may be invoked in the course, courts and administrative authorities and if they can give effect to them;
(a) Seven members selected by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Combating Crime among the candidates proposed by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, taking into account the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded through voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution must be respected.
I have also the honour, on behalf of the Group of African States, as well as on behalf of the other sponsors, to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti”, which provides an overview of the continuing needs of the country.
With regard to the proportion of vacant posts, it is true that it should not improve significantly since the gradual reduction of activities.
Another source of abuse is the system.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its 2002 session
This figure is significantly lower than that of 2001, because of the rise in the security concerns arising from terrorist attacks on 11 September 2001, which has led some major resettlement countries to temporarily restrict their territory.
In 1998, many evidence was submitted to the FBI on this case.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures resulting from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical investigation — the Government that a survey was necessary to make a clear picture of the situation before taking measures to impose — assess the degree of awareness in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group by providing information or clarification.
The law of law enforcement agencies in Brazil had followed training at the Regional Intelligence Training School in the Andean Community in Lima.
(9) The proposed regulations also impose restrictions on the services relating to the equipment contained in the list and brokering activities.
To that end, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries of equipment and products that may be used for torture or to impose capital punishment or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment.
It was stated that, in connection with the specific cases mentioned in the report, the imposition of the port for long periods, or in the case of transfer from a prison, constitutes a violation of the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (rule 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The text of the laws cited in this note may be consulted on the web site, at http://www.admin.ch/f/w/rs/html.
Under this article, if the Court established, on the basis of evidence produced by a member of the Garda Síchán having at least the Commissioner's level, that a person has or control funds that are or may be used to commit an offence of terrorism or the financing of terrorism, or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, it shall decide on the request, unless the defendant or any other person has been prepared to support it.
The “ terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Action, i.e., as the structured association of more than two persons, established in time and acting in a concerted manner in order to commit terrorist offences.
European economic space
Following a request submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom in October 2002, aimed at providing detailed information on all their savings accounts prior to 15 November, the Ministers of the Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held a emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the Caribbean States members of the Organization of American States decided to cluster the training of specialized social assistants, including drug abuse.
The small island developing States of the Caribbean were somewhat armed to deal with these two phenomena and climate variability.
• To identify multinational biological resources and identify land and marine areas that need to be protected;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory from being used to plan, organize or carry out terrorist crimes or participate, must prevent the use of terrorist, individually or groups, not to infiltrate and do not constitute a place in its territory and not to host them or to provide safe haven, or to allow them to use the national territory.
Some regions located in the north and south of the Afro-descendants, as well as some mountain regions in many countries, are threatened by a malaria epidemic.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors for their valuable support to the library.
(b) Develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt-rich crusts, including applicable protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Mindful of the fact that at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world is aware of historical changes and great scope in which the forces of aggressive nation and religious and ethnic extremism continue to launch new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the Administrative Tribunal of the International Labour Organization should continue, in the light of the ongoing disparities that some international staff can be more easily than other cases.
For its part, the administration should follow up on requests for review by the administration of justice, an obligation to which it is often lacking.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Gocochea (Cuba) said that she wished to clarify that it was to avoid the consensus that her delegation had accepted paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouhedd (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years after adopted in Rome on 13 June 2002,
The summary was prepared after consultation with other members of the Council.
Assistance and guidelines
It continues to welcome the development of democracy in the Republic of China in Taiwan and hoped that the Chinese people, the two co-sponsors of the Taiwan Strait, will resolve its differences in a peaceful manner.
The Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the inclusion of item 167 in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session.
Exchange rates of November 2002.
This would support the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at increasing awareness of policy makers and the general public of the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development by taking advantage of space research; promoting increased use by United Nations agencies and the private sector, space systems and services; and improving the management of the natural resources of the planet.
Viet Nam is committed to building a strong nation and a prosperous, equitable and democratic society, bringing the human being at the heart of its economic and social policies.
After killing the wealth of developing countries, the former colonial Powers are now responsible for the death of 10 children every 7 seconds.
Unfortunately, the occupation authorities have prohibited the benefits of the Turkish Cypriots to benefit from these benefits while limiting the freedom of expression of the supporters of a Cyprus.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are enshrined in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Round table on microcredit
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power of most forest workers is largely limited to the impact of the most poor workers.
It is anticipated that these activities will speed up new drugs and vaccines.
Since now, the Conference on Disarmament has no substantive work.
With regard to the protection of refugees, which constitutes a part of a whole, as an important challenge, is to address the concerns of States so as to take into account refugee protection.
National legislation on asylum and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement these obligations in a fair and effective manner are the following steps.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with satisfaction the work done, under the leadership of voluntary Member States, by the 12 teams established by the Committee at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and urged Member States to fully support their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, it should be noted that the Organization of American States proposed that the follow-up meeting at the meeting of 6 March should be held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully endorses the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
More importantly, we see that we have yet to do so.
That is not, by definition, terrorism?
(a) The replacement of one or more officials;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, set forth in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and developed in the main instruments arising (International act on civil and political rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
A vote was taken by show of hands.
First, emphasis is placed on the quality and availability of health services.
Of course, 28 523 women (1.9.3 per cent) on 143 2626 teachers.
Some reproductive health targets included in the ninth Plan and the second long-term health plan are presented below (table 8).
Therefore, it is informed and educated the population up to the family level on women's health, so as to encourage the use of health services through information, education and communication programmes, with the assistance of the media, women's workers and volunteers.
All institutions of credit in the formal sector require tangible guarantees to make loans.
It was called for the ASEAN summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
humanity in any history has never been facing a challenge of this kind.
Liechtenstein welcomes this development and participated in many debates.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking in persons and illicit trafficking in migrants.
In Cambodia, the joint efforts of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including those with HIV/AIDS, drew attention and were recognized by the international community as a result of their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, manufacture, acquisition, transfer, storage and use of chemical weapons and their destruction
Some developing countries, in order to justify their opposition to the elaboration of a convention on remote sensing, see that resolution 41/65 is still a useful tool, since it is developing two principles that they consider priority:
rape was used in any impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terrorize the enemy population.
There was 10 years ago, violence against women was a totally ignored.
States should implement General Assembly resolution 57/179 on measures to eliminate the crimes of honour against women and intensify efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes by using legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur calls for the establishment of a post of Ombudsman or any other monitoring and discipline mechanism within the framework of all peacekeeping operations.
This chapter provides an overview of obligations under international human rights law by transnational corporations with respect to respect for the right to food.
It is a clear violation of the right to food, as well as the deliberate destruction of schools and health positions in many regions, constitutes a clear violation of the rights to education and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook (22 December 20031)
While the situation of the Georgian economy had been somewhat improved in recent years, it remained extremely worrying, with a heavy external debt and a higher unemployment rate at 12 per cent (in formal).
Accordingly, they were confident that the failure of Georgia to pay the amount required under Article 19, paragraph 19, and yet to comply with its commitments in the three payment plans were due to the independent circumstances of its will.
The Global Programme against Money Laundering participated in an assessment of offshore financial activities to the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) of 12 to 22 November 2002.
Among the interventions provided for in 2003 and beyond, national health and family life planning, strategic planning for adolescent and youth in the national HIV/AIDS strategy and support for this component and promotion of an aid approach to orphans that is respectful of the rights of orphans;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and noted with appreciation the report of the Working Group on its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This is the result of your abilities and effectiveness — which you have made every opportunity throughout your diplomatic career, both in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and here in the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has been working over the years to make a wider focus on TCDC within the framework of its programme of work using both the resources of its regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Police of Brunei, in close cooperation and coordination with other national law enforcement agencies, is working with the States of the region where the exchange of information and other transactions can be carried out in similar circumstances.
The negotiations on this international instrument concluded during the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, my delegation has the honour to request that agenda item 108 of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, entitled “Prevention of Crime and Criminal Justice”, be also considered in plenary, and that only the draft United Nations convention against corruption can be adopted at the end of the Conference.
Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Rewing the United Nations: a reform programme”;
(b) Voluntary contributions administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125]
Progressive development of principles and norms of international law on the new international economic order [P.150].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group had resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002 and had again addressed the general issues concerning the scope of the draft convention (see A/CN.9/527, paras.
Paragraph 2
Norway supports all the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
The clarity with which they are, in addition, the efforts of the African countries and the support provided by the international community and the United Nations system, allows an easy understanding of the seriousness of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is imperative and urgent.
This would also be consistent with the interests of the majority of Member States, which do not have sufficient resources to examine all United Nations activities in detail.
The first consolidated report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16) would inform the Commission on Narcotic Drugs on the decline in world opium production, from approximately 20,000 tons per year at the beginning of the twentieth century at least one third of the volume in 2000.
Africa provided 24 replies (21,4 per cent), the Americas 20 (17,9 per cent), Asia 32 (2.6 per cent), Europe 34 (30 per cent).
Financing of alternative and eradication programmes for illicit drug production and resource mobilization
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
That is indeed a situation in which the world is lose.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory covers 14 primary schools and four secondary schools.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative of chapter 35 (Development of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries have focused mainly on the strategic poverty reduction frameworks.
The border is therefore already determined, further strengthened by Security Council resolution 1507 (2003) which calls upon both parties to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The positions reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal structures of Liipjan, the Pristina subregion, were still vacant, but no qualified candidates were presented.
The representatives of Kosovo Serbs of five municipalities, namely Kosovo Polje, Lipjan and Obilic (in the Pristina region), Noo Brdo (Central African Region) and Zvecan (Central Mitrovica).
14.42 The subprogramme should achieve the objectives and expected accomplishments on the basis of: (a) economic stability at the national level and levels of decision-making; (b) commitment and commitment by Governments to address environmental management issues and to promote the prevention and mitigation of environmental damage through advice and assistance of UNEP; and (c) voluntary contributions.
(iii) Technical material: a database and an electronic forum on best practices relating to the social and environmental responsibility of Internet companies (1); information advisory services (the exchange of information) on persistent organic pollutants, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); online database on environmentally sound technologies (1); information centre and web site of the Global Energy Network (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive programme of socio-economic and political development in the continent, and it is for that it must also be a comprehensive perspective.
Intergovernmental organization of democracy and human rights 143
Recognizing the importance of the role of women in the reconciliation process and the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and exercised without discrimination;
Recommends that the Economic and Social Council adopt the following draft decision:
Stressing the importance of the full implementation of the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS “To be held in the world response”, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001, at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/22 and Corr.1) submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, with a view to further rationalization and effectiveness, in order to facilitate access to information required by the Special Rapporteur to fulfil its functions, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their potential mechanisms for the promotion of the human rights of women;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, United Nations bodies, programmes and specialized agencies, as well as international and non-governmental organizations to report on the measures taken to promote and implement, as appropriate, the guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights as well as the present resolution, and to submit a progress report to the General Assembly at its sixty-first session.
Calls upon States to pay special attention to the promotion and protection of the human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account the fact that girls and boys can be exposed to different types of risks;
Welcomes the fact that the General Assembly has affirmed that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous people is one of the major objectives of the Decade, and calls for the speedy implementation of the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee, concerning exceptions to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in the emergency state,
Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the rule of law, including by working with international donors in the training of law enforcement authorities, which are sensitive to the protection and protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take steps to improve access to justice, as well as the implementation of the reform measures of the penitentiary system to comply with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43, paragraph 2, of the Convention, which covers the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child of 10 to eighteen, expressing the hope that this amendment will enable the Committee to effectively carry out the new tasks related to the follow-up to the two Optional Protocols to the Convention and also hope that the Committee will end the work in the delay,
(g) To give the broadest possible assistance to any investigation, criminal proceedings or extradition proceedings relating to offences referred to in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, concerning the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including the availability of evidence to the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
Also at the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally introduced the amendments (E/CN.4/2004/L.77) proposed to the draft resolution E/CN.4/2002/L.2, paragraph 1, of which would be inserted before paragraph 1 of the following paragraphs:
Discrimination in the criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the amendment (E/CN.4/2004/L.103) proposed in draft resolution E/CN.4/2002/L.66, which was the author.
Eritrea and Malaysia joined the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women are more than men, the gap between the age and the status of older women worldwide must be a priority,
It was understood that if the reimbursement was calculated on the basis of a standard rate, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for expenses incurred by their participation in United Nations peacekeeping force.
He had discussions with the Secretariat in this regard to ensure that, now, it would provide a timely and detailed information on the simplified approach.
According to the supplementary information provided to the Committee, the Mission had planned 46 aircraft for 2002: 22 helicopters and 2414 hours and 39700 hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. by Mr. David Anderson, President of the Governing Council at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chaskon announced that, at the request of UNEP, an advisory committee of judges had been established to deepen cooperation between UNEP and magistrates.
By a note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted Member States and received in writing the following proposals:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures constitute a major obstacle to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
Replace the amount of CO2 equivalent by Ggg
In many cases, the “democratic churches” are involved in maintaining this very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore not in a position to provide clarification on the fate of the persons concerned or on the location of them.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, including 318 on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 through information provided by the source.
A small number of cases relate to persons who were allegedly arrested by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000, or abducted by Hizbullah and transferred to the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted once again two cases on the basis of further information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our congratulations and thanks to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Barthely, who, by their dedication and availability, are honoured to the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $796,000 reflects the costs of meetings of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender statistics, some other measurable aspects of socio-economic life and the application of information technologies;
In this connection, two Palestinians, including a 15-year-old boy, Mohammed Saie Saber, have died.
Developments in the peace process
However, between the month of July and September 2002, some serious acts that have been committed by the regular armed forces have caused the death of a considerable number of civilians, including the elderly, women and children whose responsibility in the conflict was far from being proven.
A member from Eastern European States;
Noting that, given that some Parties have submitted their notifications with delay or did not submit, and that delays in the implementation of the comprehensive reviews, the evaluation of implementation has been hampered,
It may be expected that their continued implementation continues to raise problems in the future, as it will require time to change financial management and focus on outputs and achievements rather than on inputs and planning.
It is regrettable that the goals set out in the Programme of Action have not been achieved in general.
They may be written at any time.
Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee is concerned that the rights set forth in the Covenant are not sufficiently protected in relation to a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party request international assistance for the effective functioning of the Office of the Public Ombudsman.
It also commends the State party's efforts to make the results of its exchanges with the United Nations human rights treaty bodies, including through the consultation of their reports on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and bringing the concluding observations of the treaty bodies.
In the context of general comment, he felt that the emphasis should be placed on equality between men and women.
The individuals and groups should have full access to information, including public authorities or third parties on water, water supplies and the environment.
The operation “A package for a peace soldier” has enabled peacekeepers to visit the mission to Bosnia and Herzegovina and Lebanon to 155,000 package at the end of the year.
Reiterates its request to the parties to intensify its efforts to take measures to build confidence and contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Uganda, Uzbekistan, Tonga.
In particular, a set of documents should be developed:
A collective approach and spirit have emerged.
We will not achieve these goals that by facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, raising awareness of the dangers posed by mines, destroying stockpiled mines, providing assistance to victims, by facilitating their social reintegration and by expressing the call for further acceding States to the Convention and maintaining its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political necessity of the Ottawa Convention, which is a means of improving the lives of many countries seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also presented a synthesis of the evolution of the role of the Ad Hoc Group of TCDC and described some adjustments arising from its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) Is an accomplice to a person who commits or attempt to commit an act of such acts.
1 bis.
If the murder is committed by the author while he led to a vehicle in the state of summer, under the effect of drugs or drugs that she said his or her personality or in a situation that undermines or reduces his mental, ombudspersons or physical capacity, the sentence of imprisonment that he is liable to the double that would be applied in the absence of such circumstances.
Each of the case is considered and the arguments heard, the President shall address the recommendations concerning contracts for approval by the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) The holding in Brazzaville from 14 to 17 May 2003, of the nineteenth ministerial meeting of the Standing Advisory Committee;
Convinced of the need to make every effort to contribute effectively and coordinated to address the challenge posed by the abduction of anti-personnel mines worldwide and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council
In addition to the social guarantee provided in the LOGCE are designed to young people who enter the labour market without having completed their training.
Social security included in the Spanish system
The beneficiaries of this pension are eligible for spouses and separated or divorceans, or whose marriage has been declared invalid.
That is why the facilitation of access to a decent housing is accompanied by a principle that must guide public action.
(c) Management and resolution of individual economic grants for protected housing, and protection measures for rehabilitation;
In these agreements, central and self-government agencies retain their respective normative powers, which they exercise a concerted approach to the cultural object of the conventions, which is funded in the proportion or amount granted.
A solution is perhaps to provide children, as soon as their younger age, culturally appropriate education and gender awareness in order to promote a new culture that promotes joint action against HIV/AIDS and improve the economic and social situation of all.
The rule set out in Barcelona Traction is the general principles of the law of societies recognized by civilized nations and not of customary international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule set out in the Barcelona Traction case has led States to use bilateral investment treaties, which allows investors to resolve their disputes with the host State before resorting to ad hoc arbitration tribunals or the International Centre for the Settlement of Investment Disputes established by the Convention on Investment Settlement.
Barcelona Court
In the case of Delagoa Bay, the United Kingdom and the United States strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when they had taken place to protect their nationals who were shareholders of a Portuguese company to which Portugal itself had caused harm, but the arbitral tribunal had jurisdiction before it the dispute had jurisdiction over the amount of reparation.
Thus, a company cannot change its nationality for the purposes of diplomatic protection by exchange of its social headquarters, home or location.
Ibid., p. 2.
“The Court notes at the outset that the complainants do not claim a violation of their rights as a result of the action of the co-facilitator, as of the General Assembly and to vote.
The widest possible legal assistance is given, as well as the laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the requested State Party in investigations, prosecution and judicial proceedings concerning offences of which a moral person may be held accountable in the requesting State Party, in accordance with article [] [the liability of legal persons] of this Convention.
(c) The full or partial allocation of the value of such proceeds or property or funds from their sale to the reduction of the multilateral debt of the requesting State Party.
]
A further proposed by Ukraine.
The decisions of the General Assembly should be taken on the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural youth throughout the world, FAO also emphasizes, in its programmes, projects and activities, the importance of close family ties and the protection of key family values.
Although the situation of those people has changed somewhat following the recent conflict, some families with return to their homes, resettlement remains a major humanitarian concern.
Considering that cooperation between the United Nations and regional human rights arrangements continue to facilitate the efforts of the United Nations and other organizations in this field, and that there are opportunities for increased cooperation,
Education and qualification
Publications
- Aspects of the rights of contingent soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Concern was expressed that both external factors should be reported.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/OC.263) sent by Arias, Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a supplementary interim report on the Government of San Marino on 8 July 2002 pursuant to paragraph 6 of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In that regard, allow me to repeat, it should be necessary to strengthen the capacity of the Secretariat and to draw all lessons learned from the success of expert groups.
It goes without saying that my delegation fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcelo Spatafora, who spoke together with the European Union.
As I also represent today's debate on the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan, I would like to emphasize the decisive and catalytic role played by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-196: Policy studies at the University of Sacre-Cus in Milan
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers have been returned without permission to the Christmas Island, the Cocosos and the Ashmore Islands have been returned to Nauru and the Manus in Papua New Guinea, where they would be located in detention centres pending a decision on their asylum applications;
As a result of the signs in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we have a good hope to carry out the preparatory process, but also the conference.
As we have repeatedly stated, we fully support the regional approach with regard to issues related to the Great Lakes region, which is the importance of appropriate preparations for this international conference.
The Committee dealing with the issue of treaties has made some progress, including a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, but various issues of principle have made real progress.
In the earlier negotiations held under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denktash, within a set of comprehensive measures, had agreed that the area of the Turkish Cypriot State was in that range.
The concrete results in the field of gender equality appear not to be consistent with the number of measures taken or the political will of the Government of Canada; she would like to know whether the Government had new ideas to move forward.
It would be good to have more comprehensive information on the services they have access to, on the financing of women's organizations and policies for women, on individuals and organizations responsible for these efforts and on the measures taken in cooperation.
OIOS rightly noted that the centres in the seconds must be managed differently from those in the first, where access to the Internet and libraries does not pose a problem.
Ms. Afii (Morocco) said that the Organization had a strong view that the Organization had a domestic oversight mechanism that could detect irregularities and recommend solutions.
The important is to identify these transgressions as soon as possible and to avoid a growing increase.
The proposed items will be added to the list issued in the report of the Third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.2 The p.m.
The movement of indigenous youth had emphasized the revitalization of indigenous languages.
There is no rule and seems to be determined to realize its declared intentions despite the international condemnation.
We also noted that it continues, in disregard of the will of the international community, the construction of an expansionist wall, using the Palestinian land and preventing the Palestinians from living normally.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the authority to undertake this essential task.
Emphasizing the importance of education in promoting tolerance, which is to accept and respect diversity, and that education, in particular in school, should contribute to promoting tolerance and eliminating discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 requesting the mechanisms necessary to enable its associate members, including small island Non-Self-Governing Territories, to participate, subject to the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, at the special sessions of the Assembly, to be devoted to the consideration and appraisal of the implementation of the plans of action of the United Nations conferences to participate in the preparatory process.
The interest of a indicator concerning the secured transactions mechanisms is easily explained that the public considers that banks are not enterprises such as other.
One of these steps was the establishment of a system for collecting information on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization should accept the status of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Noror Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
It is necessary to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system. It is also necessary to strengthen the role of our international Organization as a focal point for the international community's efforts in support of affected countries, taking into account the priorities set by the authorities themselves.
The necessary legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities for disaster preparedness and disaster management, including transfer, military control, disaster management responsibility.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters in New York from 20 to 23 January.
He stressed that a total cost recovery was a fundamental need for UNOPS activities.
They called for a successful retirement.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and curfews in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would allow the programme to exceed its objectives.
It urges the State party to do not recruit children as soldiers or as JPOs, or even of the links to armed conflict.
Welcomes the success of the pilot project on the development of an international radio capacity for the United Nations and endorsed the Secretary-General's proposal to ensure that the pilot project is an integral part of the work of the Department;
Welcomes the Secretary-General's proposal to provide free access to the United Nations electronic dissemination system through the United Nations web site, to be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and requests the Secretary-General to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Suppl.
On a further encouraging note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group and stressed that it was necessary to continue.
It was noted that many of the existing bilateral agreements could be taught at the Basel Convention website (www.based.int).
At its 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on this agenda item on the basis of the draft contained in the relevant document, as orally amended.
(a) Undertake and oversee the practical activities of the project on priority areas, in particular production, movements and environmentally sound management, as well as the active promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, Cuba, France, Gabon, Guatemala, India, Ireland, Japan, Japan, Kenya, Japan, Kenya, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan, Peru, Poland, the Syrian Arab Republic, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
The French version of the UNGEG's information was published.
The Conference began its consideration of agenda item 21 (Adoption of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, prior to the continuation and adoption of the draft report.
Noting also the essential role played by the present United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and by the sessions of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During its meeting with local NGOs, the expert's attention was once again drawn to the need to provide uniforms to the police and to provide training.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on production, consumption and trade in forest products (1); database on forest resources (1); database on assistance to countries with economies in transition (1); maintenance of a web site providing documents on meetings, publications and information on timber activities;
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information on trafficking in children and prostitution involving children from, inter alia, the challenge of the child, government ministries, including the Central Office for the Suppression of Trafficking in Persons and the Child Protection Brigade, as well as several NGOs.
(b) For the meetings of the governing bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the rules of procedure relating to language services should be strictly respected, unless otherwise decided by the participants; if the secretariats are not in a position to provide pre-session documents in all mandated languages for the reasons of their willingness, they should, on an exceptional basis, to submit provisionally or summary summaries in the languages concerned;
While the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that it did not use the words “official language”, [signalons] [on a report to the General Assembly of that organization, when the General Assembly considered a report entitled “Use of Portuguese as a language of work of WIPO” (WO/G/26/1), it recalled that the decision by the governing bodies in 1979 should be taken into account.
Such an exercise could be carried out in the context of an inventory of the language knowledge of staff, which should it be part of the periodic data provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or on human resources management.
It was also said that the time frame for translation would be added to the normal time of implementation.
For example, the process of peer review of the Economic Development Assistance Committee could be expanded to include trade policies, debt relief and other economic policies, as proposed by the Global Human Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement comprehensive study programmes, including on human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention with a view to changing stereotypical attitudes regarding the roles of men and women, in particular, to accept the idea that education for children is both the mothers and fathers.
Furthermore, indicators for school drop-out and teenage pregnancies in national fertility surveys had been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that it had expressed its consideration of the third periodic report concerning the law on the period of 300 days imposed on the widow or divorce before being returned.
The Committee recommends that the State party take further measures to ensure that everyone can better reconcile family and professional responsibilities and promote equitable sharing of domestic and family tasks between men and women.
It is concerned that there is no systematic data collection on violence against women, including domestic violence.
According to the Banking Act (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) A fine of 500,000 dollars is a moral person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press release on the exchange of correspondence relating to the visits of Euros in South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, in which they submitted, inter alia:
The facts and history of contracts in connection with the project were exposed to paragraphs 304 to 312.
This amount includes USD 2,3002 in connection with the work done and materials that would have been delivered on the location of the project and (b) USD 1,457,674 under the guarantees that the Board would have retained.
The evidence shows that the work to which the latter is related to the past (the amount of 47 and 61) was implemented after 2 May 1990.
Furthermore, the Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation of the departure of its employees of Iraq, because of which the assets of the projects were left without monitoring.
No other deduction has been made after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Iraqi customs authorities have never cancelled the remaining part of the fines (IATS 348,000).
In short, the Committee takes into account these reports and recommendations, whenever possible, and the cost of translation is reduced.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, with regard to the follow-up to the major United Nations conferences and summits, the Council must play a central role in monitoring concrete progress towards the various goals established by those conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which Heads of State and Government pledged to make every effort to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol enters into force and to start implementing the estimates of greenhouse gas emissions,
The suggestion was not accepted, but it was hoped that the authors would wish to ask whether a less frequent examination would not be sufficient to the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of the Interior and the Territory's territory agreed with the Executive Board to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore necessary to provide the Committee with the necessary resources to fulfil its tasks.
It cannot be justified in any way that such smuggling is, that the consequences are still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to promoting the equitable use of ocean resources and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to the follow-up to the Millennium Summit, it should be noted that the Secretary-General's observation in his report should be noted that the objectives could be achieved if, by 2015, we maintain and increase the momentum given in the last three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, there can be no more important or noble goal than poverty eradication.
A death in suspicious conditions that have not been clarified has been recorded in the Map camp, in which the Liberian fighters who sought refuge in Sierra Leone are located.
The recovery of heavy weapons began in Mazar-e-Sharif, but the pilot phase for disarmament, demobilization and reintegration will only start in early January so as to allow sufficient time to verify the four divisions in the area and the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers expected to participate in the operation, either once again than in the Kundu pilot phases.
However, these means should not be available before the beginning of the summer of 2004, when five provincial reconstruction teams in place in northern the country should move under ISAF command.
The activities for which more important core resources should be made should include:
UNIFEM strategies
Ten-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/CN.4/2003/75); Report of the Secretary-General on Women, Peace and Security (S/2002/1154); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Experts on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Role in Peace in Peace-building (UNIFEM)
The Panel finds that these illegal imports of Serbian weapons have significantly increased by the Liberian Government in 2002.
Comments and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations aid agencies currently establish five regional offices in Saclepea (comed from Nimba), Vinjama (Lof Lofa), Gnga-Bonge (comed from Bong), Harper, Harper (comed from Maryland) and Zwedru, from which they provide humanitarian assistance within the country.
Charles Taylor exercised its control over all industries for the benefit, lawful or unlawful benefit, of Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral organizations
The weakening of Islamist groups would be due to the improvement of the economic situation, the opportunities offered by power, social resistance, especially that of the elite is seeking freedom and democracy, but also to the efforts of the law forces, both and, if so, that my arguments appear to have lost their lives in many young people.
There are now, according to the Ministry of Religious Affairs, 1194 mosques in operation, of which 1 840 would be completed and 1,079 during the period.
The working papers prepared by the major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report submitted to the Commission on the work of the Committee on Energy at its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme should enable it to achieve the objectives set and expected accomplishments in the position that: (a) ESCWA member States will support the action that is being undertaken to encourage the use of information and communication technologies to improve competitiveness and productivity; (b) adequate infrastructure and information technology applications for the creation of networks and linkages; (c) Member States will make recommendations.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam was a religion of tolerance; the Sharia was fully compatible with human rights.
In particular, it was the view of identifying effective alorithms of contempt and the route of the fire, because the combination of the problem was high.
In collaboration with the researchers of the Law Conference, Lumore National Laboratory (United States) and the Imperi College in London, the Musicum of natural history has continued to assess the analysis techniques in situ of explosive ordnance.
The main challenges facing development should be linked to the equipment before it, to its system of correction and orbit and to its guidance, navigation and control elements, as necessary for the safe and unpredictable approach to non-conformity.
At least two disqualification (one Ekran and the Inter-Parliamentary Union) occurred on the geostationary orbit, but the corresponding amounts were not registered, which means that their or bath were unknown.
Item 3.
The Security Council supports the commitment of the Interim Administration of Afghanistan to eliminate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement decrees prohibiting the cultivation, production and transformation of opium poppy, including illicit drug trafficking and drug abuse.
The list of these issues was presented by the author during the UNCTAD meeting held in Bangkok in 2002.
Regional and global approaches are not contradictory but rather complementary and interrelated.
• Exceptions to regional security;
Minimum treatment for medical treatment
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered the quadrennial reports deferred from previous sessions under agenda item 4 of its agenda.
The Secretariat would prepare a draft letter of the document, circulated to the members of the working group.
With regard to the development of content, emphasis is placed on the design of products and services in languages, materials and presentations that allow for the dissemination and best use by the users.
• In order to extend its outreach, the Regional Information Centre will work closely with the offices of resident coordinators in countries where there is a need for partnerships with national institutions and organizations, such as United Nations associations.
Phase 2 ended on 4 February 2002 with the entry into force of the new multilingual system, which fully operates the multilingual capacity of the environment Lot noted, allowing users to select among the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity on the right and practice governing custody, the length of this custody and access to a lawyer during the course of the author.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Consultative Commission on Human Rights to function, in accordance with the Principles on the Status of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (“Paris Principles”), as set out in General Assembly resolution 48/134 of the United Nations General Assembly.
Information on measures taken by the authorities to continue the perpetrators of trafficking, as well as more precise information on the number of victims and the number of children who have benefited from protection, repatriation and reintegration measures, should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements and biennial support budget are fully in harmony with the reporting period.
Ms. Shin wished to congratulate Mexico on convening in 1975 the first World Conference on Women and ratified the Convention and the Optional Protocol.
Equality of men and women is of particular importance in economic and social development.
Therefore, UNISPACE III focused on objectives:
The Ministry of Justice has received applications from more than 100 parties.
Examples of initiatives aimed at strengthening the capacities of LDCs in the implementation of good governance principles, particularly the financing, by the British Ministry of International Development, of a programme of reform of the local administration in the United Republic of Tanzania; the support of the G-8 Partnership for Africa's Development, which includes 34 LDCs; the participation of Italy in the Regional Technical Assistance Centre;
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example, have announced additional debt relief and, in view of the lack of reservations from the HIPC Trust Fund, some have decided to increase their contribution to the Fund. The Government of Morocco has announced the cancellation of the debt of African LDCs and the admission of their exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his latest report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243), and the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
The relations with Jakarta are standardized; the members of the militias located in West Timor appear, according to us, largely demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to emphasize that as the Secretary-General rightly stated, the sustainable stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of the Timorese leadership to the rule of law and its continuing efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism was installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly in order to assist speakers in fulfilling the time limit.
The general debate will be disseminated directly on the web and archivized website at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity in which the representative of the Turkish representative is only one — and I work here on the terminology of the European Code of Human Rights, the local administration of Turkey, and nothing.
The European Anti-Ballistic Missile Network also organizes, each year, in Monececo, Italy, the Anti-Ballistic Missile Network, an event at both cultural and sports who meets artists and non-European professionals and belonging to migrant communities.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Round table on the theme “Conformity of the risks posed by biological weapons”
Article 34
(b) If spouses are all two staff members of the Secretariat, one of the members of the couple alone may benefit children from the provisions of sub-paragraph (i) (i) and (ii) above, the other that may prevail over the provisions of the sub-paragraph (iii) of that subparagraph (iii) of the above-mentioned subparagraph (iii).
The review of this issue resulted in a discussion of measures to increase transparency in the field of small arms.
Given the importance of partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, participants at the meeting had called for more initiatives of this type and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II
Annex III
(ii) Matters relating to registries under Article 7 of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions on the Middle East of the 2000 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons;
Deeply concerned about discrimination against girls and violations of their rights, which often do so, have less than boys access to education, adequate food and mental health care, and that they benefit less than equal rights, opportunities and benefits of children and adolescents and that they are often subject to various forms of cultural, social and economic exploitation, as well as sexual and mental health care,
Stressing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should constitute the standard for the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, and recognizing the importance of the Optional Protocols to the Convention, which address children committed in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing and ratifying or acceding to the Optional Protocols to the Convention that address children committed in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, or to accede to them, and urges them to implement fully;
Convinced that collective action provides better results, it believes that all nations that are able to do so should contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
This is the management of data and mine-action standards.
I do not intend to prejudge the intentions of the high-level group of high-level officials on United Nations reform, but to my view, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is envisaged in peacekeeping mandates and, where appropriate, be included.
See, in general, B. Best Practices in Poverty Reduction: An analytical Framework, Else İlir (dir.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States, as soon as possible, the closure of the Commission's session, chapter II of the report of the Commission, as reflected in chapter III of the report of the Commission, as well as the views of States on which the comments of States would be particularly interesting to the Commission, and the draft articles adopted in first or second reading;
In the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers committed themselves, under the Charter, to ensure that the Territories under their administration reach an appropriate level of autonomy.
The President: If no other delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will take a decision on draft resolution A/C.2/56/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Ad Hoc Committee shall be held in 2003, within available resources, at least one session of a period of 10 working days before the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
A results of this meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for documentation policies and legislation.
A. 7), chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now an urgent need for assistance and support from the international community.
Saint Lucia, presiding over this Assembly, is preparing a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the relevant support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What will be the result of the cultural industries and the emerging industries of the poor?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that what happened in Iraq — the atrocities of yesterday, reconstruction today — is a historic event and that the international community must promote this reconstruction and be with us at this time.
Mr. Hu paid tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that, although China did not signed, this did not prevent the exchange and cooperation with the signatories.
Of the 250 people who had died in the circumstances of the war since 1989 at least half would be non-combatants.
(f) Facilitating the free movement of people, humanitarian and property throughout the territory of Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In case of a violation of the rights of women of any kind of employment, the person concerned has the right to seize the court in accordance with the Civil Procedure Code.
There are several non-governmental organizations that are devoted to family planning issues.
Despite these efforts, the Group has been disabled in its work by a number of factors, including its low level, and its performance budget, and the division of the country, as well as by the alignment of many press bodies on positions of one or the other camp and by the opening of information infrastructure outside the capital.
In spite of this, the Assembly has always challenged the indictment that it does not fulfil its mandate under the Charter of the United Nations.
It is therefore encouraging — taking into account the commitment to complete phase II of the arms disposal plan before 24 December 2002, as envisaged — to see that the Plan of Action for the Prosecution was adopted at the Buka meeting on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key to progress in the peace process, in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998, on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone and its subsequent resolutions on the item, the latest of which is resolution 57/291 of 20 December 2002,
In this case, it is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by an international organization, within its competence and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
Naturally, this must be done under the supervision of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): I wish to thank you, Mr. President, for convening this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that caution must be taken.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal is willing to help the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, by providing troops and other resources.
The recommendations of the Committee complement the actions undertaken by the intergovernmental bodies and processes, including at the high-level summits and conferences that took place since the submission of the last report in 2001, such as the World Summit on Sustainable Development held in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development held in Monterrey in March 2002.
Because of their geographical and economic isolation and marginalization, they are often increasingly exposed to other violence, especially family, and trafficking.
African Division II
Fourteen countries had benefited from equal or higher assistance to $4 million.
The members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was essential, and that Angola should endeavour to resolve some particular humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea): Mr. President, for convening this meeting.
I believe that, from the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly well placed to develop and strengthen Bougainville's technical and other skills.
With the support of the Yugoslav People's Army, the Serbian forces had taken control of some parts of Western Slavonia and Eastern Slavonia, beginning with these territories in a single State, the “Report of Republika Srpska Kjina”.
Combating desertification is an important element of sustainable development in addition to an environmental problem.
Such cooperation allows for linking individuals and enterprises in developing countries and assistance to attract national and foreign investment for the development and modernization of productive capacities, which increases the competitive position of the manufacturing sector in developing countries.
For our part, Jordan rejects all misunderstanding of the wrongs, and the brutal campaigns aimed at denying the Arabs and Muslims in the form of terrorism.
There are, behind the discussions that have taken place before the war and has always generated controversy, an acute shortage in the distribution of power in the international arena has emerged after the cold war.
The suicide bombings that target innocent civilians must end, and the occupation of Arab land must cease.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly is present its primacy to the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council are more visible and more relevant to ordinary people.
Stresses the need to establish a transitional administration in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations and governed by the Organization, in order to ensure stability and create the conditions for sustainable peace and respect for human rights.
As for the follow-up to paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the fact that future courses would be welcomed.
The review process was not intended to renegotiate the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that policy indicators, whether at the national or international level, were more difficult to define indicators for achieving concrete results such as some types of technical assistance.
Within the framework of the establishment of new mechanisms, the issue of stability of flows should be given sufficient attention.
The mistakes of this type identified in the report, which could appear to be divided, were in serious and fundamental reality if a political context was taken.
He was informed that the representative, in question, what had been the historical stray that he chose to do so, it was necessary to compare the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been ex parte, with the current political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and observer observers 29 - 30 7
Decides to amend as follows:
The assistance provided to developing countries in their multilateral trade negotiations on services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution had been recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General transmit to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization in response to Economic and Social Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998, and 53/200 of the General Assembly dated 15 December 1998.
It also participated in several ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of industrial associations of the first plan and non-governmental groups.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions have been carried out with or by natural or legal persons residing in countries that do not cooperate with the International Financial Action Task Force.
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, OHCHR established, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa, in Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and at the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, social and economic policies, sensitive democratic institutions to the needs of people, the rule of law, anti-corruption measures, gender equality and a climate conducive to investment constitute the basis for sustainable development and are indispensable for the provision of adequate housing as a standard of law;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is due to the gradual reduction of civilian police personnel, which will be reduced from 3,055 men in July 2004 to 2 195 in June 2005.
The authors of the report conclude that the combination of the assessment based on the various assessments and a multisectoral approach is fruitful.
Emphasizes that all future and future peacekeeping missions shall be given equal and non-discriminatory treatment in respect of financial and administrative arrangements;
The members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali, Chairperson, and Mr. V. Maleich (Belarus), Vice-Chairman/Rapporteur.
Insolvency law
I would also like to express our thanks to the President of the Economic and Social Council for its extremely useful comments on the contribution of the Economic and Social Council to the peace process.
The type 51 is approved and referred to the drafting group.
Follow-up to the deliberations held at the nineteenth session of the Committee on Programmes and Budget, the Director-General has given the Director-General's Chief of the Programme Development and Technical Cooperation Division to further address the evaluation and development of appropriate performance indicators.
Before the repetition of any other integrated programmes and adopting this combined approach as a model methodology of UNIDO, the framework of indicators is currently being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions to be adopted by the Council
Annex II
The claim for a period of six contracts with INOC for the sale of items to be used in Iraq's soil.
Although the base of these comparisons is not ideal, as already mentioned, the elements to show that UNIDO had a disproportionate responsibility because it managed the entire buildings of the United Nations.
NEPAD promotes the establishment of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations is clearly clear to the late formulation of a reservation and is why the restrictions adopted in the latter case (such as guidelines 2.3.1 to 2.3.3) must be incorporated into the case of the scope of reservations, which clearly reflects the common practice, including the common practice, including the restrictions adopted in this case.
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposes a definition of objections taking into account theoretical and practical considerations.
When the dumping is properly burned, the risk of oil infiltration into the underlying waters is infi.
Please describe the legislative and/or administrative measures taken to implement this travel ban.
The import and export procedures are subject to responses to questions 22 and 23 and any activity other than those provided by these procedures is considered an offence under the applicable criminal law.
Space space:
Table 1
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): During 11 years, the General Assembly adopted every year of the resolutions calling upon all countries to respect the Charter of the United Nations and to abide by the principles contained in the international legal instruments, by abolishing or nullify all laws and measures that affect the sovereignty of other States, on the legitimate interests of their organs or persons under their jurisdiction.
Illustly opposed to any political openness and continues to deny the Cuban people the most basic rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Unit of the assignment of assets would be called to change with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter I
Once a destination was held at 910 hours, the Inspectors met with the Director of the warehouses to which they had raised questions about the activities of these sites, the type of medicines and diagnostic equipment, the business structure and the names of its principal responsible officials, and asked whether vaccines had been imported and distributed and whether changes had been produced during the past four years.
A ceiling rate of 24 per cent and a floor rate of 0.01 per cent will be used for the establishment of the scale of assessments of States Parties for the Tribunal (see para.
At the twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was decided that the Tribunal should continue to take into account its current practice with regard to staff contributions, pending the adoption of a decision based on a detailed proposal that the Tribunal should submit to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the above law provides separate protection for those who organize the strike or participate, provided that the movement is organized in accordance with the rule of law.
Equality of access to public education allows for the purpose of giving rise to students who wish to pursue their studies by encouraging them to obtain good results from the secondary level.
Outcome, phenomena such as soil erosion and the termination of plant and animal species in some communities (such as river, river and lakes) could impede the harmonious development of Montenegro, which means, by contrast, that the current level of poverty may continue.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with the ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 concerning social security (n minimum minimum standard), insured persons who have paid for less than 20 years acquire the right to retire in the age of 65 for men and 60 years for women, after 15 years of contributions.
See table 18 sponsors.
The European Union stresses the importance of the rapid deployment of the cross-border reserve force/the international stabilization force.
Do you met with the implementation problems related to the submission of names and identification information contained in the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly*
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Limitation of War Crimes and Crimes against humanity of 26 November 1968 must be able to apply without reservation to the same extent as those, when justified, the Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have safeguards set at the international level in the area of child protection, but they remain without results.
This attitude should be re-elected by the Security Council, since it is cynical, a yearachron and constitutes a violation of the ceasefire and the agreed truce.
Concerned about the plight of many Kuwaiti and third States nationals who have disappeared since 2 August 1990,
(No.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly
The discussion today is, therefore, an absolute and strong need for this topic.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement explaining his position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
If I hear no objection, I shall now put to the vote the draft resolution.
Under item 117 (b):
The Panel also reviewed several claims relating to industrial or commercial losses that the claimants were due to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
(b) Non-governmental organizations, including the amount of USD 2,929,379,83 for commercial or industrial losses incurred by Kuwaiti companies, whose consideration will be given to the “E4” committees in accordance with Governing Council decision 123.
Stresses the need to combat greater acceptance, for the operation and realization of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to formulate the necessary actions and to establish measures to implement the right to development as a fundamental human right;
Developments in the situation of human rights since the signing of the Peace Agreements
That is why the next Government must urgently give rise to the success of police, judges, prosecutors and human rights defenders whose dedication and courage are the basis of reform.
There is no need for a comprehensive global definition of universal human rights obligations that reflect the right to education.
The truth about the events of Khodjali
This reference to international organizations has been made to the inclusion in article 2, paragraph 1 (i) of the following definition:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, held on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered the advance and introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (Introduction)).
In order to deal with new priorities, it was necessary to identify existing activities.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections were held in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly, which established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of 1983, which currently regulates the institutional life of the nation.
Decisions on the next meeting of the Committee on Budget and Finance, including dates and place.
Improvement and modernization of conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi in order to enable the United Nations Office at Nairobi to host the conference facilities and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance, for the guarantee and full respect of human rights, of the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and contained in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “Rech national on space debris, the safety of space objects equipped with nuclear energy sources and the problems related to their collision with space debris” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on “Penting the use of nuclear power sources in outer space” (A/AC.105/C.1/Add.25/Add.1).
Space object: The satellite is used for commercial telecommunications and defence purposes.
The meeting rose at 11.35 p.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet done so to impose on financial institutions to implement comprehensive precautionary and vigilance programmes that can promote transparency and prevent the use of funds acquired in an illicit manner;
We strongly appreciate the initiative taken by the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global assessment mechanism of the marine environment, which is based on a previous resolution of the General Assembly, resolution 57/141, and on the report of the Secretary-General and now resumed in draft resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a transparent and regular inter-agency cooperation and coordination mechanism within the United Nations system to fill the gap left by the abolition of the Oceans and coastal zones.
In ratifying the Convention, we have affirmed our belief in the application of the rule of law to the oceans of the world.
The results of the project, including specific recommendations on the reduction of risks to biodiversity resulting from mining activities to ocean funds, will be transmitted by the Authority to the international community.
As part of the recovery of the base salary scale, the Commission noted that the issue of possible changes to staff assessment rates to address imbalances at the level of the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the Secretariat of the United Nations, which had indicated that no changes should be made in the immediate future.
On 20 September, it would have been carried out on the arbitrary arrest of members of a humanitarian commission composed of non-governmental organizations and the Office of the Ombudsman's Office of the Ombudsman.
There is a need to note the adoption of Act No. 747 of 2002 which, inter alia, trafficking in persons a criminal offence.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda* coordination matters, programme and other questions: United Nations Study Group on Information and Communications Technology
This support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute to the long-term poverty reduction.
The experience of the United Nations itself demonstrates that in most cases the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is structured and structured by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of the conflict.
Furthermore, the implementation of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes of ex-combatants must be implemented, in particular small arms and light weapons, to ensure the return of refugees and internally displaced persons and to promote human rights.
I would like, however, at this stage of our debate, to make some remarks, and first comment on developments in the course of our work.
It is sufficient to examine some of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from a post-conflict situation.
Before addressing the role of the United Nations to overcome these conflicts, I would like to make a comment on those conflicts themselves.
We firmly believe that in order to be credible and effective, the Council must benefit the full confidence and full support of the international community.
He also emphasized that the Charter should be the basis for ensuring the legitimacy of all actions at the international level.
The Network has shown how various partners of the international community could work to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for the leadership of the Youth Employment Network*
Opening of the session
The preparatory work will indicate, in connection with paragraph 2 (a) of this article, that a State Party may choose to establish procedures for recognizing and implementing a foreign freeze or seizure decision, be based on such a decision to seek the freezing or seizure of its own authorities.
Governments had recourse to security legislation to justify censorship of certain human rights information and to exercise reprisals against defenders.
Estimates: Several Parties have provided an estimate of the impact of various policies on the transport sector (Germany, Austria, Bulgaria, the European Community, Estonia, France, Italy, Norway, the Netherlands, Sweden and Switzerland).
Policies and measures with broader scope than the only fight against climate change: the most commonly reported policies in the agriculture sector fall within this category.
Policies and measures to combat CH4 emissions from animal origin are focused on the decrease in the number of livestock warheads through the reduction of the national livestock strength and the intensification of cultural practices combined with the increase in the productivity of the head, the reduction of livestock, Belgium, the decrease in the livestock (Slovakia) and the research programmes that are specifically designed to study the study.
The special session of 2003 on the budget of the UNICEF Executive Board will be held on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth network, which refers to renewable energy sources, should be established before the end of 2003.
These networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and transboundary levels.
The today's voice offers terms such as “ real term” or “the Internet”, as if the late delay in transmission and treatment of information had been removed from any reality, or in any case the failure to pay seriously.
All countries in which economic functions are common to focus on the fact that the review function is within the enterprise or is carried out between several enterprises.
Many of the measures taken in the past few years have been impossible without progress in the concepts and definitions of the OECD Working Group on Information Society indicators.
Finally, the Secretariat should indicate the share of extrabudgetary resources allocated to each of the chapters considered during the four bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi):
In Ghana, the HIV/AIDS prevalence rate of 3.4 per cent has not decreased in the last two years, although it is below the other countries of the West African region where the rate is 5 per cent to 11 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific on commitments and expenditures.
In this context, he agreed to recall the guidance we are committed to setting in Tunisia since the change of 7 November 1987, and which had chosen, among the priorities, human rights, in their various dimensions and in their comprehensive design and that included the fight against illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The hegemony impose on the most small countries of the region's obligation to make high military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of release, Iraqis are beginning to move together with the assistance of their allies and friends, and they look forward to the assistance of the international community under the auspices of the United Nations.
If the table does not indicate a caution factor in such a category of sources, it should be used to use a factor in a category of similar characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 as follows:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect the human rights of all persons regardless of their situation;
Decides to continue its consideration of the item at its sixtieth session under the agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, in which it enters the world”.
We also welcome the appointment of Mr. Jacques Klein to the functions of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
In this regard, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet reached the level of economic and social development, but also political, which would allow it to consider the problem of final status in an immediate future.
In particular, the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Kosovo Assembly is a good sign.
Such transfer is of paramount importance.
In Kosovo, therefore, much work remains to be done.
The continuation of the Kosovo Protection Corps in this form is likely to destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Comprehensive review of the structure of posts at the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the scenario proposed by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by the Secretary-General under a lease contract at the end of which it would become owner of the building and the ground in which it would be built;
Decides to further consider the review of the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
Enterprises are increasingly committed to reporting on the effects they can have on society and how they manage.
The text of its statement on the remaining five reports, covering the entire system, will be communicated to delegations in a timely manner.
One area of activity that has significantly changed over the past few years has been the preparation of documents for ship crews.
Section III of the Penal Code, entitled “No criminal offences against individual liberty”, provides, in article 151, that anyone deprived of its liberty by unlawful channels is punishable by a penalty of six months to three years of prison; if the act includes the use of the threat, abuse or complaints, or whether it is committed by the spirit of interference, or by having a serious injury to the victims,
Various regulations and laws apply to each of the components of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, as far as possible, the names of persons or entities associated with Usama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida who are not included in the list, unless the disclosure of such information does not affect investigations or measures.
The main strategic commitment of South Africa in the Middle East conflict, as clearly demonstrated by the Presidential Seminar for Peace, is the strengthening of the camps in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of South Africa's experience with a wide range of civil society and with the Governments of Israel and the Palestinian Governments; the contribution to the process of reform in Palestine and the support of international peace.
Although the withdrawal of the Mission's military component was completed on 20 April 1996, most of the administrative staff had to leave the Mission's area at that date, in accordance with the desire expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources contacted, about 60 per cent of the Liberian territory were under the control of rebels;
10,0332954
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community has committed itself to sharing the responsibility to reduce the social and environmental vulnerability of the region (but main); to rebuild and transform Central America into the integrated principles of transparency and good governance; to consolidate democracy and consolidate good governance, to strengthen the decentralization process, with the active participation of civil society; to promote respect for human rights (permanent target).
During the reporting period, the Council has thus considered many major issues of interest to the maintenance of international peace and security in Europe, in particular in the Middle East, Oceania and in Africa.
In the area of security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that sporadic fighting in the north, south-east and in a lesser extent in the western part of the country constituted threats.
They called for the expansion of the membership of the Security Council so that it can recover its legitimacy, be more representative of the state of global geopolitical and better reflect it.
I have the honour to refer to the letter addressed to you by President Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 concerning the request submitted by Judge Nethem Pilla, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to seek an extension of its mandate to the Tribunal until the end of the case of the Media, which should not go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention given to the situation of women and girls and the integration of a gender perspective in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of the major conferences, special sessions and summits, as well as in the follow-up, and reaffirming its commitment to support progress,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the Chairman of the Commission at its twelfth session will have to come from the Group of Eastern European States and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee shall take action against this post for the reasons set out in the general report.
Ms. Acar said that the Committee's concern about the rise in the marriage age for family reunification was a necessary consequence of its mandate to eliminate discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether special measures were taken, such as provisions on child care and separate classes, to encourage immigrant women to follow up in Danish courses.
In the past two decades, governance has become a concern for the developed countries as well as for those in development, especially that they face all, in this early century, the same types of problems, but for the broad-based corruption, constitutional crisis, economic stagnation, economic, economic conflicts, ethnic conflicts and increasing crime.
Organization of work
Requests the administering Power to cooperate with the establishment of programmes specifically aimed at promoting the development of sustainable economic activities and enterprises, noting the special role of the Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
On 23
Stresses the importance of simplification and harmonization of requests for reports by the United Nations system by Member States and urges relevant United Nations agencies and bodies to adopt, in consultation with Member States, simplified and harmonized methods, and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and requests, to prepare reports from national data and statistics;
“The Government of India had previously given instructions to the State of Karnataka to leave the order to leave the country concerning the father of François Marie Goda.
The technology had a role to play in expanding access to information, in particular the geographical information systems, which, in the form of databases and software tools, could improve access to information for planning, logistics (for example, for evacuation routes) and other purposes, facilitate understanding and addressing trends and problems in outer space, and facilitate public participation.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now have the pleasure to take a decision on the words that, I am confident, we all wish to hear: we have now completed our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I have since last December a number of bilateral consultations, group or open to all, in Geneva and New York.
According to a view, liberal policies in the face of cannabis abuse were not only a threat to public health but were also against the action undertaken by developing countries, which had made considerable efforts and resources to try to reduce cannabis cultivation in their territory.
- In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Office has initiated several debates and consultations on the legislative reforms on the status of women in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 young girls have benefited from this fund.
The first promotion of 116 students should obtain an end of studies in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector are the increase in life expectancy of all Guianians, reducing disparities between social groups, improving access to care and quality of health care, and ensuring that health services are provided at affordable cost.
A number of measures have been taken to implement the recommendations on the use of justice, including a draft law providing that lawyers make accounts to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary measures to promote and expand cooperation and coordination among the secretariats of the two organizations so as to enable them to better achieve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, participants emphasized in particular the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
The distance education programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR is working with the staff of various ministries and departments concerned by the fight against AIDS and lessons learned at the country level.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that the Group supported the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department will hear that the problem could be resolved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/12 in 57/128 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) Common information between the bodies responsible for enforcing laws in sensitive areas or border areas; joint border control and customs control activities;
This form of integration was emphasized in the commitments made by the participants at the Copenhagen Summit and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme Council of State oversight is responsible for the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of State funds by the bodies of the central and local government and the economic activities of legal persons whose State has more than half of the shares or actions (article 162 of the Constitution).
Having considered also the letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council dated 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the President of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, which is annexed,
If necessary, it would also follow up on operational, financial and personnel related to MINUGUA.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Missiles”.
Those who have ordered and committed these crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nicor Duarte Fathos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan reported that it had concluded with 27 States of bilateral extradition treaties, including terrorist acts defined as offences, and reported that more than 450 suspected terrorists had been extradited under these treaties.
Such activities are being carried out with the Commonwealth secretariat on the drafting of legislative guides, with the Organization of American States to support the activities of the Agency in Haiti, and with the OSCE.
Thematic communications campaigns
A senior staff of the Department visited Brussels in June to review the preliminary provisions with officials of the Belgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed website.
The meeting offered a useful opportunity to exchange views among staff members of the Department of Public Information working at Headquarters and their colleagues from field offices, as well as a number of outside participants, on how to manage the transition from the regionalization concept.
The official position of the Organization on matters that make the main titles is communicated by the Office of the Spokesperson through press points, official statements, interviews and briefings.
Any person who is going to shrimp or other crafted to livestock, without the authorization of its owners, or to the home of forests that supply of water villages, even belonging to individuals, is punishable by 6 to 18 months of prison.
The vacancy rate for the Professional and higher categories of staff in several sections of the budget (5 and 22) was higher than the budgeted vacancy rates, including delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, separation and temporary appointments (A/58/558, para.
In the light of the Penal Code, recruitment is intended to apply to a third party to perform an act, which is not punished by law.
There are many criminal norms applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (annex 1 to the first report of Switzerland, of 19 December 2001, containing a list of such offences).
On 1 January 2002, the Law aimed at improving the protection of civilians in cases of acts of violence and unwanted sexual slavery, as well as facilitating the allocation of marital housing in the case of separation (Gesetzzur Verbill of zivilgericht Schutztsi Schutzesi Gewaltten und Nachre e-mail dichlung ungg.
This is applicable only if the person is provided to the Federal Employment Service prior to receiving maternity benefits or to start raising children, or in cases where unemployment or unemployment has ceased to be paid.
A balanced participation of women and men in the political system has not yet been violated.
• In addition, in the face of the increasing number of divorce, women can no longer count on the retention pension.
Part II contains a presentation of the measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this regard, the plan of action of the Federal Government provides a series of measures to improve the situation of data by re-establishment of criminal statistics of the police and conducting a representative survey on violence against women.
In the context of the Second World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children, held in Yokohama in December 2001, it became clear that there was a greater awareness of the problems posed by sexual exploitation of children and that many measures had been taken.
This decision aims to prevent and combat production, treatment, distribution and possession of child pornography on the Internet.
- The offenders — a distinction in the place of wider”;
6.4 Judicial procedures initiated against Allees who committed sexual violence abroad
The prior regulation on the right of custody and the right of visit did not provide a right to care for the benefit of unaccompanied parents.
- Handbook for municipal equality activities in Saix, prepared by the Ministry of State for Equal Opportunity for Women and Men (S-Mot);
- Obligations for all land and local authorities, as well as for all other legal persons subject to the supervision of the free State of Saix in the terms of the law, to work for equal participation of women and men (section 15 of the L's Act on the Advancement of Women (SächsFG) of 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of Sa'ch.
Social assistance, civil engagement
Gleichbebtigungksonze “ Konzerär für deie Förderung dergleichbettten Belowung von Fuen und Mänernlungslungs”
The only solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which is more serious, is the implementation of the road map developed by the Quartet, as stated, in the Declaration delivered by the Quartet at its last meeting in New York.
The question we are considering the fragility of the situation and the importance of establishing a more comprehensive peace agreement for the entire region of the Middle East.
Article 8 Exchange of information and documents
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as in the last two years, the debate would focus on the annual theme, focus on the opening statement of the High Commissioner.
Programme, administration and finance
Since 1997 Member of the International Association of Prosecutors and continue.
These measures should enable them to locate and control firearms.
Women and girls who are victims of this trafficking are subject to violence and are seriously violated.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibn Chambas
Moreover, as the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular staff from the scope of the study, the logic of which officials of international organizations were not excluded.
Administrative and financial matters 49 - 50 15
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not lose sight and that we will have the political will to move ahead, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/227, entitled “ complementary measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic and social fields and related fields”.
We also join previous speakers in thanking the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields” (A/58/359).
The national policy and strategy to combat malaria was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to join local governments, civil society and the private sector in the development and implementation of road safety policies.
It may also consider the possibility of implementing the proposals of the Secretary-General, issued in his report on the Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and to establish an ad hoc informal working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss the peaceful settlement of disputes that may be implemented in the case of conflicts already brought to the attention of the Council or to be at short time.
When the Security Council will be able to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, in order to put an end to wars and to promote peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of regional peace and security, the international community can no doubt invest in greater hopes in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
This balance must be done well, given the primary responsibility to the parties themselves, even if they can call on external intervention to help resolve their disputes.
We must, with force, reaffirm our adherence to the rule of law in relations between States and therefore to the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of jurisdictional channels.
(a) To take measures to protect students from violence, tangible harm or ill-treatment, including sexual violence and intimidation in schools, to establish mechanisms for complaints that are accessible to children, and to promptly investigate all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), inter alia:
Furthermore, the Council is considering the system of allocation of responsibilities, which has served as an inter-agency coordination mechanism following the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-President, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem linked to other global problems that are at the heart of the Organization's mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each High Contracting Party, as well as each party to an armed conflict, marks, withdraw or destroyed explosive remnants of war in the affected territories.
Welcoming continued cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development and other organizations working in the field of competition law and policy, in particular the commitment to the Fourth WTO Ministerial Conference, in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Awais
The deployment of UNMEE is taking place in a satisfactory manner, a first group of 26 liaison officers arrived in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new communication strategy is being developed in preparation for the World Summit on the Information Society to be held in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The involvement of the United Nations system in East Timor represented a particularly interesting and rich experience in lessons learned if positive results are to be confirmed and avoid the recurrence of failures in the future.
The work began in May 2000 and the document was distributed to the month of November; the overall framework for UNTAET was established and approved by UNTAET.
Albania*, Algeria*, Algeria, Andorra*, Angola*, Australia, Austria, Bangladesh*, Belarus*, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina*, Brazil, Bulgaria*, Cameroon, Canada, Chile*, Costa Rica, Croatia, Denmark*, Ecuador*, Finland*, France, Georgia*, Greece*, Guatemala*, Hungary*, Iceland*, Italy*, Japan, Liechtenstein*, Luxembourg*, Malta*, Mexico, Norway*, New Zealand*, South Africa*, the Philippines*, Portugal*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, France, France, Spain*, France, France, France, Spain*, France, France, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, Spain*, France, France, Spain*, France, Spain*, Spain*, France, Portugal*, France, France, France, France, France, France, France, France, France, France, France, France, France, France, France, France, France, France, France, Georgia*, Greece*, Germany, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Germany*, Spain*, Spain*, Germany
In the preamble to this instrument, States parties have stated that “the States parties should cease the suffering and loss of human lives caused by anti-personnel mines that kill or maim hundreds of people every week, for most innocent and defenceless civilians, especially children, impede the development and economic reconstruction, prevent the return of refugees and displaced persons and have other serious consequences for the years after their establishment”.
Allow me to thank all delegations for having encouraged me in my efforts and consultations. I would also like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzzhonikidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Enrique Román-Morey, and all members of the secretariat, for their effective assistance.
It was in this context that it had been considered close links between the man-portable air defence systems and small arms.
We call upon the coalition forces to achieve this crucial goal and to intensify coordination with relevant international bodies and institutions so as to enable the country to return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of an international fund for the higher education of Iraq in order to provide assistance, both immediate and long-term assistance, for the recovery of higher education in our country, Iraq.
We have taken note of the Secretary-General's call for a re-establish our institutions by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this theme will depend, in fact, on the degree of objectivity of our approach and realism.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has decreased, their role in national strategies in some countries has not been reduced.
I am firmly convinced that, for all countries in East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and we are all of the opinion that the erosion of the credibility of multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interest of any of the countries of East Asia.
Mr. PET OCZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that this group supported this idea.
First, it appears to be the analysis of Security Council resolutions, unilateral declarations of the nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones that security assurances are generally with reservations from the nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDINS (Netherlands) (translated from English): Mr. President, even if this meeting is already the last presiding over you, I think that I take the floor since your assumption.
Stresses the importance of developing the capacities of indigenous peoples, on the human resources and institutions, to find solutions to their problems;
The Commission shall consider and approve the financial statements and reports on the verification of these statements to transmit to the Committee on Budget and Finance, with comments it appropriate.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial provisions.
It is important to emphasize that the current level of aid is insufficient.
In our view, it is important at this stage that national demining strategies are being developed to ensure an effective decision-making process on short, medium and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has founded the National Mine Action Office, and has established, with the assistance of the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, the South Lebanon Mine Action Coordination Centre.
We can be achieved through a protocol that would be annexed to the Convention and would take into account the security interests of the country while helping to eliminate old mines, such as new, destroy lives and property and impede efforts to end desertification, achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In June 2003, the Fund's contribution to the Fund was only $4.8 billion, while the estimated overall expenditure was approximately $10.5 billion per year to effectively implement prevention, treatment and support programmes.
Country offices
Line of credit - comparable to those contained in the Financial Regulations of UNDP, UNFPA and UNICEF
When taking into account agenda items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of the child), 115 (Elimination of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (The right of peoples to self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will include a dialogue between its members and special rapporteurs and representatives who will report their activities.
The world today is about 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
The conventions establishing the need to respect human rights were essential instruments, but it was also necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Panel endorses this decision and sets out the date of loss for the late Palestinian claims of the category “C”.
Bearing in mind that domestic violence against women is involved in the rights of the person,
Because of their separate legal structures, the role of the specialized technical cooperation institutions has not been addressed.
This simplicity has a price, i.e. a certain arbitrary and the amount of the details.
Why have any agencies committed themselves to technical cooperation?
The latter had taken the initiative to support the coordination of gender issues.
(b) Its resolution 47/120 A of 18 December 1992 entitled “ Agenda for Peace: Preventive diplomacy and related matters”, its resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 1993 entitled “ Agenda for Peace”, in particular section IV entitled “The special economic problems arising from the implementation of preventive or coercive measures”, and its resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997 entitled “Follow-up to the Agenda”, in particular annex II, entitled “Question of sanctions imposed by the United Nations”,
The building and development of democracy, as well as the approach adopted by the United Nations system on this issue, must take into account the fact that there is no single debt in reality.
By this statement, the Secretary-General claimed the considerable importance of the culture of peace, and the attention that it should devote that full and not just one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the observance of the International Decade for the Promotion of a Culture of Peace and Peace for the Children of the World, 2001-2010, is more than a aspiration of Member States, a moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the objectives set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, as well as in the outcome document of the World Food Summit: five years after renewed commitment to eradicating hunger,
Emphasizing the need to operate in place the industrial transformation of commodity production in developing countries, in particular African countries and least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and stabilize their export earnings, thereby promoting sustainable economic growth and integration of their integration into the world economy,
Accordingly, I have appointed Mr. Parker Judge to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia as of 4 December 2003, for the remainder of the mandate of Mr. David Hunt, until 16 November 2005.
This programme of action remains a reflection of developments in the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations wishes to note that, in the opinion of the Government of Colombia, paragraph 2 of the resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider the principles that could serve as a framework for regional agreements on conventional arms control, could allow the Conference to resume its activities and to overcome the impasse in the Conference.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on the Status of the United States of America
Its effects are well beyond borders and therefore why international cooperation is absolutely essential.
It is incumbent upon the Third Committee, which is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that the programme is well understood and translated into facts.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to initiate, for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003, an amount not exceeding $12 million to be funded from the cumulative balance included in the Special Observer Mission for Iraq and Kuwait;
The Special Rapporteur plans to submit a final report in 2004 to which it will consider these two issues, so that the first reading can be completed during the same session.
The Commission on Equal Opportunities and the Equal Opportunity Fund has been established in order to establish cooperation with the private sector in all matters relating to women's employment.
The use of these targeted summaries would be flexible, optional and database.
For its consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note by the secretariat on the exchange of information: establishment of an electronic exchange centre (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In this regard, future workshops could also consider an exchange between limited group groups from industrialized countries, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
He also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission supported, inter alia, the IMO network, and the work of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) on national profiles.
Items for the provisional agenda
List of documents
The communication may include suggestions on the solutions that this Party considers the most appropriate in this case;
Corrections
Norway urges all countries to agree on a modus operandi to alleviate and protect victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and to strengthen their efforts at the national level in parallel with international efforts.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that, while the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression (A/CONF.189/PC.2/24), that the Internet was a single tool to promote human rights, it was to recognize that in practice the Internet did not provide the Internet.
The best way to reach consensus on guiding principles is to hold consultations with Governments.
Mr. Paul K drugman, School of Public and International Affairs (University of Pronton); Mr. Jagddsi, Professor of Economics and holder of the Arthur Lehman, Columbia University); Mr. Manuel Orozco, Director of the draft of the Central American Dialogue for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Jean Pierre Ouedraogo, will make presentations.
Information on workshops and training courses related to international terrorism
Furthermore, it is not clear how macroeconomic and structural reforms that are required under the poverty reduction strategies and social conditions.
That is why there is still a need for further solutions to increase international liquidity when necessary, by various means, including the temporary allocation of special rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, His Majesty the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, is now the Chief of the Government and, in fact, the Prime Minister.
Bhutan's Government agencies are obliged to recognize that women constitute an important part of the population to which they are targeted and should therefore develop, implement and continue to administer services tailored to the specific needs of women and men.
This is mainly due to the development of primary education and the fact that schools are better able to retain their students.
Multi-sectoral teams have been responsible for combating the threat of increasing HIV/AIDS.
Many men welcome the largest number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another limited study covering women's participation in financial decisions, 27 per cent of women interviewed stated that they did not participate in decisions on obtaining financial loans, while 14 per cent took common decisions with their husband.
In the field of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has undertaken initiatives to improve the capacity of the staff of the public sectors of a large number of countries, giving advice, upon request, to reform public service reform.
In paragraph 16 of its resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established Iraq's liability for losses related to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
The Panel finds that this rate is also applicable to claims for the loss of funds.
See also the decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph 79 of the report E2(7); in paragraph 71 of the report E2(11); and paragraph 89 of the report E2(13).
Report
Report of the United Kingdom on the achievement of the goals and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East
Pursuant to article 8, paragraph 1, of the Extradition Act, persons with terrorist acts, even if such acts are considered as political crimes, may be extradited.
What are our objectives?
The Secretary-General's report has just reminded us that the situation in Iraq is subject to real challenges, and we call upon all.
The establishment of a robust civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like, on behalf of my Government, to renew its deep appreciation to the Council's mission and to the Council in its entirety to resolve the responses to complex issues facing our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other coordination mechanisms of the United Nations system.
- Support to associations and organizations working to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The programme is scheduled for 10 months, including 5 months of theoretical education in Madrid and 4 months of practical education in developing countries. A review phase in Madrid is also scheduled.
These groups are young people from 16 to 30 years, women employed in male professions, than 45 years, unemployed persons in unemployment since 6 months or more and workers who, at the time of the conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same enterprise under an open-ended or determined contract prior to 31 December 2003, including training contracts.
It is in the age of 25-29 years than daily tobacco consumption among women.
This improvement is, however, less marked among women (37, 5 per cent of long-term unemployed women) than men (55,36 per cent).
Members of Permanent Missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress achieved through the establishment and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic fact remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, and this is the most cynical and most cruel manner throughout the world.
This meeting is the first public meeting of the Security Council in 2003, full challenges I am confident that the Council will be ready to meet.
We are committed to all initiatives aimed at ensuring compliance with international agreements in this area.
These areas are often of non-law areas.
Activities for follow-up
• More than 150 homes or apartments (i.e. total of 23570,000 square kilometres) have been looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the accounts of the Organization were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The computer model for the analysis and evaluation of feasibility studies (COMFAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programming framework and the strategic direction of the Organization on South-South cooperation, as well as the thematic initiatives undertaken in particular on trade facilitation, the exploitation of rural energy for productive purposes and the recovery and reconstruction of the industry in transition,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that rapid socio-economic developments, cultural, individual and social factors, as well as the availability of illicit drugs, have exacerbated the problem of the use of psychological substances at the global level,
In view of the ambiguity in the title of the topic, the Commission decided to continue to take a working position that the topic “ activities” and to re-elected any formal change in the title.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the heading “United Nations Commission on International Trade Law”, replace resource requirements (before recosting): US$ 300 per resource requirements (before recosting)
The Commission requested the Government to indicate whether it envisaged to amend the relevant provisions of the above laws so as to include the principle referred to in the Convention.
These decisions have been taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, among which participants at weekly meetings devoted to the economic and senior officials of Iraqi public institutions, and the initial budget proposals have been established by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are in effect the considerable benefits to the service of the Iraqi people.
The percentage of Afghan women employed by UNHCR has risen from almost zero to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme, and 36 per cent of all national staff working on protection.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers for Defence and Security in September should complete the constitution of the Government of National Reconciliation and to eliminate an important obstacle in the peace process.
Nevertheless, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution stipulates that the President of the Republic may delegate some of its powers to the members of the Government.
Beyond what we divide, we face these threats, a collective responsibility, that will be able to locate the unity of the international community.
We have begun consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the current oil-for-food programme, which would provide continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicines in Iraq.
The programme of work continues to be studied by my authorities. We reserve the right to give our opinion on the programme as soon as this analysis.
If a Party considered that it needed assistance to stop the consumption of methyl bromide to stabilize the past, it could be recalled.
Affirming that it operates by consensus,
(i) 680 ODP tonnes in 2004;
All discharge operations should take place on the locations scheduled for that purpose, exclusively reserved for authorized staff.
The funding mechanism was established in accordance with article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to ensure that the Parties referred to in article 5, paragraph 1, of financial and technical cooperation, in order to enable them to comply with the regulations provided for in articles 2A to 2E and article 2I or any other regulatory measures set out in articles 2F to 2H in accordance with article 5, paragraph 1 bis.
The law enforcement officers also participated in training programmes abroad.
Some States said that the telephone, telex and postal services should also be used.
(3) The party seeking to implement an interim measure of protection shall promptly inform the court of any termination, suspension or modification of the measure.
Proposals to improve the wording of the square brackets were made, in particular that the court could suspend the enforcement process until the parties had the opportunity to be heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties were duly informed.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be given a more visible and more visible role in support of international affairs and in the implementation of economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of appropriate information, communication and transport technologies should also be supported by technical cooperation and investment required to strengthen the capacity of local service providers, or to create such capacity — could require donor support or funding through international financial institutions.
A similar consequence is provided to the United Kingdom, where consumer is based on the contract, unless a competent court on disputes relating to the contract in question decides otherwise at the request of the service provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme has reached its utmost to the end of 2002.
Procedure
It was noted that the calculations were made on the basis of a exchange rate of €089 for a United States dollar.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue its consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, if necessary, at subsequent sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward reported on the results of these consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Harvard Law School ( winter 2003)
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
8th plenary meeting 1 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as an entity to ensure the functioning of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its climate change focal point and the Special Climate Change Fund for the purpose of implementing the activities referred to in the implementation of sound and effective actions to strengthen the implementation of paragraph 5 of the Convention,
Welcoming the first progress made in the implementation of the framework for the implementation of sound and effective actions to strengthen the implementation of article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, contained in annex to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial results, 2002-2003
It also took note with appreciation of the financial and other assistance provided to the Programme by the Government of Austria, the authorities of Styria and the city of Graz, Austria, the Department of Physical Geography of the University of Stockholm, Metia, the Swedish National Bureau for Geography and the Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, it is considered that a large number of people infected with this virus do not know.
The project focused on the Steering Committee of the ChildK, as well as high-school and school students.
Recommends that the holding of a joint informal informal discussion that could enrich the work of each Commission; a better use could be made by the debate of the General Assembly in plenary on matters considered by the two Committees;
This important work was possible through, inter alia, the skill and perseverance of the Committee through its subcommittees and experts.
In the case of dissolution of marriage after the consumption of the woman, she has the right, in addition to his maintenance during the period of the period from theviity period, to the amount that the amount may exceed one year of maintenance, according to the means of the former-mari, and who is paid to his/her husband's payment as a result of the termination period, unless agreed upon between the two parties with respect to the amount of the amount of the amount and payment.
The following table shows the evolution of the education budget during the 1990s.
Care is monitored by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which regularly conducts inspections to verify compliance with applicable regulations.
The State of Kuwait wishes to recall in this regard that its constitution, in many of its provisions, is equal to the pillars of the Kuwaiti society, first in the preamble, and in article 29, which covers various aspects of this principle by linking human dignity, rights and duties.
Effective management will also improve recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
National Coordinator of Marche World
Adviser on the Development of a programme of course on social justice, Department of Demographic Studies, University of Tribhuvan, 1999
Each State Party shall submit to the Conference of the States Parties, as appropriate, information on its programmes, plans and practices, as well as its legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
If the status quo does not affect any perspective, freedom and development of those who have hunger and living in despair, the temptation of anarchy and extremism, as a means of making change, becomes much more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to designate the Ambassador of Bulgaria, Mr. Tzar, as President of the Annual Conference of the States Parties to be held in 2003 and the representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland, as Vice-Presidents.
Statements and reservations
Rapporteur: Ishtiq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and that they should strengthen universal human rights standards, which are set forth in international human rights instruments, and contribute to their protection,
(c) In the event that a special debate would be decided, its theme should be in relation to human rights and take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This situation should not be seen.
(iii) OHCHR should prepare a comprehensive and regular compilation of recommendations made over the years by the various thematic mechanisms.
Contribution submitted to the General Assembly resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They address the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (d), (ii) and (iii) and (iii) on the development of short, medium and long-term proposals for the elimination of racial discrimination against people of African descent, including proposals on a mechanism to monitor and promote all human rights, taking into account the need to work closely with international institutions and institutions.
With regard to the centre of the Islamic Republic of Iran, it was a centre of technology for the development of human resources for the summer of the land and development of rice.
Finally, she asked the State Party to conduct a national health survey and to consider the findings in the next periodic report.
Accordingly, the duty to protect the responsibility of the entire world.
- Curage of the two sites by appropriate means
Some observers introduced a possible increase in the request of the United States to control Iraqi oil wells.
It is essential to provide further guidance to the economic cooperation of the Arab countries by virtue of which the private sector has an increasing role in development and economic choices.
The Foundation has thus been able to collect approximately 3.5 million euros that have enabled them to start the work on the site.
Currently, four resident coordinators are UNICEF staff (from half of whom are women), including a woman in duty stations.
If these conditions are met, the goals and targets approved at the special session will be a major step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Moreover, the financial implications of the establishment of an additional office in Brussels have not been taken into account by ITC.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has been in line with the objectives set by the Organization in 1990 for gender parity.
(a) The nine regional offices should be progressively strengthened by the transfer of technical posts at Headquarters.
At the same time, the member States of theOSC consistently and consistently have the principle that the fight against terrorism must be based on the norms and principles of international law and may not be construed to combat any religion, some countries or nationalities.
Contents
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Demand consultative status submitted by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with annex I to General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the themes proposed for the high-level segment and the discussion on the coordination issues of its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit to you the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The people of Afghanistan have taken the decision to extend its mandate.
The draft resolutions under these agenda items reflect this determination and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) Use, in accordance with the procedures established by the Committee established by resolution 661 (1990), prior to the expiration of the period set out in paragraph 10 below and taking into account the recommendations made by the Office of the Iraq Programme, the funds deposited in accordance with sub-items (a) and (b) of paragraph 8 of resolution 986 (1995), as appropriate, to address suppliers and carriers agreed upon to cover the additional costs of shipment;
10 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
The costs related to the work of the Working Group are contained in the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would not have any impact on the programme budget.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international organizations associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate substantive discussions at the Commission's session, the secretariat has prepared a thematic note entitled “Posi-action options for enhancing the competitiveness of SMEs” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Presidents of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and chairpersons of the commissions, subcommissions and working groups may exercise the right to vote on the basis of their representatives of participating States;
In general, the meetings of the Bureau, subcommissions or working groups are private.
The Council has expressed its concern at the continuing continuing regional factors of instability and requested the Secretary-General to make recommendations on ways to combat these subregional and cross-border problems, with particular emphasis on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also regretted the lack of political contacts between the parties and their ability to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government submits to all laws.
It was hoped that it could submit a report to the Commission at a future session, particularly since the 2005 World Summit Outcome and the outcome document of the special session of the United Nations General Assembly on Children, held in 2002, expressly referred to the situation of children living under foreign occupation.
In accordance with the second Millennium Development Goal, the Government, in 1996, established free and compulsory education for all, which has significantly improved the school attendance rate.
To avoid such incidents, it is imperative for States parties to be present at the meeting.
The Council stresses that the United Nations is ready to promote political dialogue if requested, and to provide resolute support to address the humanitarian and development challenges of the border demarcation.
It may acquire or transfer of real property or property in accordance with the Rules and Rules.
The Meeting has three days, from 16 to 18 July 2003, to complete its work.
According to these reports, the situation in the Valley remained calm, without serious incidents, throughout the reporting period.
Comments
Quadrennial reports 1997-2000
Report submitted pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know how best suited indicators, which will necessarily need to focus on different aspects of the right to health, and then in the ongoing work of WHO and UNICEF.
The Committee notes that the prolonged detention of a person detained or detained may be classified as prohibited under article 7.
Article 10, paragraph 1, of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any person deprived of its liberty under the laws and authority of the State and who is detained in prison, a hospital - a psychiatric hospital in particular - a detention camp, a rehabilitation centre or other place.
It is necessary to determine whether a unilateral declaration is a reservation or an interpretative declaration and to determine its admissibility and effects.
Thirty-eighth session (1990)*
(l) To continue their cooperation with the Committee in promoting the effective implementation of the Convention;
(h) To raise awareness of the importance of programmes aimed at addressing the situation of victims of discrimination based on descent;
There are some States of traditional and cultural practices that affect women's health and children.
The States parties should also report on measures adopted to ensure prompt access to family planning services in particular, and sexual and reproductive health services in general.
Thus, for example, article emphasizes the importance of respect for parents, the need to consider rights in their general ethical, moral, spiritual, cultural or social context and the fact that most of children's rights are far from being imposed outside.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, taking into account the latest meetings, activities and recent outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, adopted by Heads of State and Government on the occasion of the Millennium Summit, by which they pledged to eradicate poverty and in particular to halve, by 2015, the proportion of the world's population whose income is less than one dollar per day and the people who suffer from hunger,
In 2001, the Government has limited to six years the duration of working permits to foreign workers to ensure that more than Bermuda is recruited and trained for the best jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom continued to advocate that legislators adopt European human rights standards, particularly with regard to sexual discrimination.
Pursuant to paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119 of the General Assembly, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations on all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend the meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without the right to vote, in the deliberations of those bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “Syner strategies and responses: strategic alliances for crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat computer-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, he invited the Governments of Latin American and Caribbean countries and other interested Governments to participate in the regional meeting of Heads of National Drug Control Officers, in order to establish the meeting of Heads of National Drug Control Services, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary financial measures and to provide the necessary resources and resources to provide the necessary resources to provide the meeting.
(a) Partnerships are voluntary initiatives taken by Governments and various stakeholders: major groups and institutions;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other matters.
Introducing this item, the representative of the Secretariat drew attention to the documentation prepared in this regard (see annex VII) and noted the measures that the Committee could take on the matter.
Decides to submit to the Conference of the Parties for consideration and possible action at its first meeting:
An alternate or adviser may act as a representative on the appointment of the head of delegation.
Subject to the provisions of articles 28 to 32 and the amendments decided by the Conference of the Parties, this rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary organ.
The Chairman or Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may benefit from a priority in explaining the conclusions of this subsidiary body.
The Committee noted that its organization had supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities related to persistent organic pollutants, including the identification and quantification project of dixine and e-business releases in Thailand, the organization of the Expert Group meeting on best available techniques and best environmental practices and workshops on the management of industry, which had resulted in an exchange of best practices on the management of hydrofluorocarbons, which had been planned for 2004.
To that end, the Monterrey document reiterates the importance of the principle of cooperation.
Some countries only monitored the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective border controls, using reliable estimates.
The report noted that comparative studies were more complex.
Material for inclusion in the Journal may be sent to room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org)
A preparatory mission comprising IAEA and the Commission staff, including the Director-General of IAEA and the Executive Chairman of the Commission, visited Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet their Iraqi counterparts.
The Agenda 21 for Sport and Environment web site is www.unep/org/cpp/sport_in charge (for all types of sports activities).
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi show that there is opportunities to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between aid, long-term reconstruction and development.
The failure of Cancún is due to the fact that the major countries in Doha have refused to grant concessions on development issues.
Switzerland attaches an absolute priority to the preservation of humanitarian space, in all circumstances and without derogation.
“The internal and external closures, the increase in curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have led to a further deterioration of economic indicators and increased poverty and unemployment among Palestinians.
It should be recalled here the responsibility, individual and collective, of the parties to the Convention regarding compliance with its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the prior consent of the Advisory Committee, the amounts that may be necessary to cover the anticipated payment of the insurance premiums if the insurance period is extended beyond the biennium, in view of the fact that the Secretary-General will request the Secretary-General in the proposed budget for each biennium for this purpose in order to cover the amounts owed for the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments are not enough to prevent violations, it must also take strict measures to address social and human issues that encourage them, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement and social inequality among the peoples of developing countries and those of the developed countries.
The Acting President: Following the adoption of the resolution, the following items will not be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly, which will be issued in July 2003: Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti; Financing of the United Nations Protection Force, the United Nations Operation in Croatia;
Obviously, it remains vital that everyone continues its participation in the coming years.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of control becomes increasingly important at the regional and international levels, and effective verification becomes necessary to ensure international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpiles by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to ratifying the Treaty, have already expressed individually — and in addition to an opportunity — their opposition to nuclear weapons what they are.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council mentioned the Guiding Principles and took note of the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on these principles.
Of the amount of $270 million, $250,000 are required for ICAO's appeal.
Possible requirements
Head of liaison and liaison protocol
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and Council resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is important if the origin of the funds is lawful or unlawful, only the act of the collection and purpose.
The report Bradley reported that any Agenda in the Council adopted to respond to the needs of any of the options for the least one year.
Agenda
“ Terrorism — Dending to cause an explosion or to launch fire or to commit any other act that leads to death, undermines their health, cause substantial material damage or leads to other dangerous consequences for society, with the aim of undermining the public order, to generate panic among the people or to influence the adoption of decisions by the public authorities or by international organizations, or to threaten to commit such acts.
Women remain primarily in low-paid and low-level positions.
Draft decision II
We therefore encourage States that have not yet done so to submit their statement to the Secretary-General in order to devote the universality of the Court.
Their participation, combined with their firm commitment and leadership, made a significant contribution to the success of the work of the Special Committee.
On the other hand, as is the case for all treaties, the end of negotiations marks the real start of the commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 94.
Washington, 11 April 1949
The draft resolution, entitled “ Almaty Programme of Action: partnerships designed to address the special needs of landlocked developing countries and establish a new global framework for transit transport cooperation among landlocked and transit developing countries”, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I now am pleased to introduce the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
The Committee welcomes the decision of the European Union to create an enabling support for peace to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the achievement of peace initiatives undertaken by the African Union.
The right to know the truth about past events is essential to prevent the recurrence of the same violations.
My Government is firmly committed to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be much more representative to reflect demographic and geopolitical realities and to gain credibility.
Dissemination services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee, on 28 April 2003
We have been able to understand that the success or failure in any area, if important, cannot mean the United Nations loss or loss.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to address the issues raised, such as the presentation by all United Nations information centres of an annual plan outlining the activities that it provides around a strategic message.
In order to plan and carry out further budgetary changes, we have to review some of our priorities and propose to redeploy resources for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had a system of water in some aspects of the negotiations and should contribute to the preparation of its analytical work, the training of consensus and technical cooperation.
These products had a low content of national value.
The commodity-dependent LDCs were faced with a particularly difficult challenge to meet, since the prices of these exports had significantly decreased.
Development assistance strategies had been restructured to support poverty reduction and many donors included trade and investment technical assistance.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and the countries candidates for accession to the EU (Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia, as well as Cyprus, Malta and Turkey), said that coherence was important and that the participation of representatives of other institutions and agencies was positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNIP) has helped the Task Force to build partnerships and expand its capacity.
In order to strengthen its outreach and facilitate contacts with national decision makers, the Ad Hoc Group has established a web-based database, which includes coordinated policy makers and managers in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the issue of the promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to allocate, within available resources, the financial and administrative means necessary for the effective functioning of the inter-agency secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate and requests the United Nations Programme to continue:
Documents
Election of a successor Government to the Afghan Transitional Authority following free and fair elections, in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a guide for Senegal's women is published periodically, which deals with issues such as civil status, marriage, food obligation, inheritance, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land ownership and credit, or the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo-Addo.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Considerations relating to the possibility that the United Nations would meet the function of supervisory authority under the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the ECOWAS forces and the French forces, in the implementation of their mandate in accordance with resolution 1464 (2003), to continue to work in close consultation with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to report regularly on all aspects of the implementation of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council, under the symbol S/2003/500.
The Lusaka meeting for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to assist Africans in strengthening their peacekeeping capacity.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted late to conference services, without the explanatory note required by the General Assembly, in paragraph 8 of its resolution 53/208 B, in the event of late submission of a report to the conference services.
The Law on International Trade Companies Act, 2000 of 2000, provides for the elimination of actions payable to the holder and, when these actions have already been issued, their reminder and replacement of the actions.
These services include the direction or implementation of financial services to the Bahamas or from the Bahamas, including online financial services, registration of directors or administrators of international trade companies, the provision of authorized international trade companies and offices, the provision of regulatory services or management services to international trade companies, the provision of services to the companies registered in the Model Law, the provision of services to the internationally registered companies and organizations.
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements allow some persons to be included in a list of national exclusion.
Participation in this workshop was beneficial.
For example, the Section provided guidance on rules to comply with projects implemented by national entities, based on UNDP experience in this area.
In 17 offices, the control of field presences and failure was not carried out in the rules.
The return of information has also been aware of the importance of the planning of regular projects.
In this regard, Governments were encouraged to request the implementation of their implementing agents to use the same format of reporting with a view to simplifying and facilitating the preparation of reports on mandated activities.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
The staffing could be further reduced during the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991, from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
The information that organizations should obtain and seek to verify would include the following: audited accounting results for the past five years; current judicial difficulties and present; identity of other major clients.
Also reaffirms that the Organization is firmly committed to addressing in a fair manner, on a broad geographical basis as possible, all bidders, whether procurement or outsourcing;
Mr. Negotte (United States of America): First of all, I thank Assistant Secretary-General Türk for his timely briefing on the status of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Montserrat, since 1998, in a phase of “ rehabilitation and reconstruction”, it was difficult to deal with an increasing emergency situation while facilitating the development process.
These funds have helped finance environmental projects, training and health, as well as legal and legislative programmes.
With regard to the currency of payment, there was a need to inform the transfer of funds from the official system to other channels of security and rapid transfer.
• Implementation of the fair and prompt judgement of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of reports with the administration, the Federation met with many difficulties owing to the lack of clear lines of human rights and persons with knowledge and expertise to approve projects.
With regard to strengthening the resident coordinator system, increased participation of the specialized and technical agencies of the United Nations in the functioning of the system is considered by Member States as a positive measure.
Because of armed conflict and civil unrest in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania remained in the past few years, which hosted the largest refugee in its territory.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary steps to ensure translation, in the Somali language, to the present resolution, including an appropriate information note, as well as a wide dissemination of this text in the country, through the Human Rights Officer in Somalia, at Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have initiated special programmes for risk-based groups, particularly drug users, with a view to reducing the risk of transmission of infectious diseases such as the human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda of the forty-third session of the Committee is contained in annex I.
Discussion
It was suggested that the Office should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States continue to receive documents in an appropriate form.
The addition of the phrase “to support the efforts to promote new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was challenged since the Second Committee had not yet reached a consensus on the matter.
Some members suggested that the publication should be developed rather than distributed free of charge.
The consultations undertaken by the Council with the member countries of the New Partnership and ECA were well received.
A/58/6 (Sect.
The investigations on the cause of harm may also be prolonged, particularly in countries where the authorities responsible for maritime security and/or the courts themselves have investigated them and have taken a number of time to publish their findings.
In the context of the draft amendment to Act No. 1015 entitled “The introduction of the law of the Republic of Korea of the Republic of Korea of the United Nations Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Unlawful Acts to legitimize capital or assets”, it is envisaged that the scope of application of the Act, even if article 11 (d) of the Model Law on the Prevention and Punishment of Unlawful Acts of Money or Assets is not covered by the Convention.
It is important to the Commission not close its attention.
It is also necessary to reaffirm its conviction of the importance of the participation of civil society as a strategic partner in the work of the United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions in which women perform their professional and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 265 of the Labour Code, mothers who raise three children or more than 16 years, or more children and women alone, receive an additional day of paid leave by week, paid under the average daily wage.
The link between reproductive rights and family law is clear: maternity and paternity are the direct consequence of the enjoyment of the rights of citizens.
The adoption of new codes of marriage and the family, and the work was the most important for the improvement of legislation.
UNIDO's efforts to promote investment and technology are mainly aimed at promoting substantive partnerships and linkages (such as technology transfer, outsourcing, common marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign firms and national enterprises.
In this regard, the clean production programme has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO's services with a view to increasing energy efficiency, with a view to the training of staff assigned to CNPP and PNPP and for identification, development and implementation of technical cooperation projects to finance the Kyoto Protocol and the GEF.
However, it is ready to provide the Commission with any additional information that it may wish.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It reviews the results achieved in the areas of development and organization, in particular with regard to the links between evaluations, the acquisition of knowledge, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC plans to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on this issue.
Resource requirements
Demands that the Liberian parties cease hostilities throughout the territory of Liberia and comply with their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the ceasefire agreement, including in order to cooperate in the formation of the Joint Monitoring Commission established by the ceasefire agreement;
Invites donor countries and recipient countries to consider taking into account, in their bilateral programmes and projects in the training of armed forces, security forces, prison personnel, police and medical personnel, human rights issues and the prevention of torture without prejudice to their gender dimension;
The Study Group conducted an initial exchange of views based on the report of the 2002 Study Group (A/57/10, paras.
Principal resources of the programme
• Ensure the overall management of the decision-making processes and the activities of the Office of the Prosecutor as required under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the settlement of the Office of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to enable the Court to attract and recruit highly qualified persons so as to provide diversified and adjusted staff by proposing career opportunities and training opportunities, ensuring effective management of their rights and rights and by establishing a system that ensures that all staff members are physically, psychological and emotionally in a position to fulfil their tasks.
• All equipment and specific articles are subject to receipt and inspection before their admission to the Court
• Develop new modules for the Intranet
Physical Organization in The Hague and on the ground
Three interpreters per language for French, English, Spanish and Russian and four language for Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider adopting appropriate legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of this Convention and comply with the fundamental principles of its domestic law, in order to increase transparency in the financing of nominations for elected public office and, where appropriate, of the financing of political parties.
(a) Public dissemination of information concerning procurement procedures and markets, including information on tenders and relevant information on the award of markets, provided sufficient time for the potential bidders to establish and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the lack of dual criminality to refuse assistance under this article.
(c) Comments of the special needs of Africa: consolidation of democracy, sustainable peace, poverty eradication and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, developing countries very poor, more than other of the same category, is presented in the box below; there is evidence of the country's efforts, with the assistance of the United Nations system, to involve various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “Everything except weapons”, the Group of 77 looked forward to exploring with its development partners in order to encourage such policies in order to contribute directly to the improvement of living conditions in the countries of Africa, to which the international community should provide support without a reservation if it wished to see the goal of halving poverty.
Three fundamental aspects of the information and communication technology strategy:
For the moment, we must take the necessary measures to prevent the situation further and to ensure that our President does not do any misunderstanding.
(e) Ensure the maintenance and strengthening of political and operational support of the Tribunal by external partners such as Governments and non-State entities;
Furthermore, it should be necessary to provide time for arguments (e.g. they are generally two to five days, according to the number of accused).
The practice of the simultaneous trials consists of two cases during consecutive periods, such as the following formula: trials A five weeks, trials A five weeks, trial A five weeks, etc. The defence counsel in the trial A stay of Arusha during the trial in place.
Members of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) welcomed the study, which they believe it is a well-defined and useful framework for reviewing, re-examined or adjust existing policies with regard to the support costs related to extrabudgetary activities of the United Nations system.
In accordance with this resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur submitted 10 major reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 reports of activities to the General Assembly, which is in addition to 18 addenda to the Commission or the Assembly.
In addition, he would like to know, while recalling the need for respect for freedom of the press, to draw the attention of the Egyptian authorities to the need to combat religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and which must therefore be prohibited by law.
In accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, OHCHR organized a seminar of experts to discuss the interdependence of democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group B
At the same time, in the past 10 years, institutions, initiatives and European legislation are all in the sense of inclusion, considering that the protection of minority rights is an integral part of any democratic developments.
As Guyana takes into account the collective system for its peace and security, it is to ensure that the new Council of reform can reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity.
We must therefore establish global institutions and create effective partnerships within the framework of a fair and open trade. It is also necessary to strengthen support for the development of least developed countries.
A regional strategy was also developed to facilitate HIV/AIDS interventions.
Mr. Pavanjeet Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where the States concerned agree, the adoption of a transboundary perspective for the sustainable development of mountain chains and the exchange of information on this subject;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration, with a view to the more effective implementation of chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) To monitor closely the functioning of the global project of support for the preparation of national communications, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and continue to ensure that the implementation of the project is consistent with the guidance of the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications in part of the programme of work was reviewed.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As requested by the Statistical Commission at its thirty-fourth session, the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) Coordinating the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of the records of its work;
Thirdly, the work of the Department of Public Information should be strengthened.
By increasing the volume of information in Russian on the United Nations web site, the number of people in Russian language was made.
At the 4th meeting, the President also invited the representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, after considering a proposal by the Chairman, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, covering subparagraphs (a), (b) and that item 10, for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session.
Notes
The micro-credit and microcredits are among the most important chemicals and metal deposits (such as zinc and lead).
From 1990 to 2002, Poland has reformed its public service.
(h) To cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations in promoting the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen may not lose its citizenship unless they withdraw.
Article 41, paragraph 1, of article 41, deprivation of liberty or an obstacle to freedom is admissible only according to the principles and modalities set out in the law.
The issue of Oazzani and Hasbani continues to be a source of tension and escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Even if the posts in question are frozen, they will continue to be included in the approved staffing table (see table 1).
Detailed information on activities requiring additional funds is presented in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments have to be made due to changes in the exchange rate between the United States dollar, currency in which United Nations accounts are registered and the euro.
Approves the staffing table for the programme, as presented in table xx below;
Takes note of the Peacebuilding Fund: peaceful settlement of territorial disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in 2000 as the main mechanism, given its broader regional scope, for the prevention and settlement of territorial and maritime disputes, also takes note of the Caribbean Trust Fund established by the Conference on the delimitation of maritime borders in the Caribbean, held in Mexico from 6 to 8 May 2002, to facilitate the participation of the Caribbean States in multilateral conventions;
Also takes note of the regional ocean policy of the Pacific Islands approved at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held in Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest that the financial resources from bilateral donors were increasing, and noted the initiative of United Nations agencies to improve coherence in their technical cooperation activities.
Some children, both as well as the rebels have abducted or convinced of their ranks, have been sent to the death line.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Mindful of the responsibility of the international community to defend human rights and to uphold international law,
He therefore supported the proposal for the consideration of the item for two years, on the understanding that the vote did not imply a position in favour or against the two draft resolutions; it was simply to recognize the need for a consensus agreement.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Awareness-raising and public opinion on space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to contribute to promoting economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property referred to in note 11 to the financial statements were the ownership of the organization as at 31 December 2002, which was not the encumbered asset.
In a memorandum of 5 February 2003, the Office considered that the “special clause” remained not valid, as it was included in the contract at the time of recruitment, without having been previously employed by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide special rapporteurs and the joint mission with the necessary assistance to enable them to discharge their mandate fully;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in political speech from the 1980s, indigenous peoples have failed to do so as to implement and respect for these own policies, which are often interpreted as misleading.
A
Almost all countries have a chemical sector, but almost 80 per cent of world production is the fact of 16 countries, whose vast majority are members of OECD.
Resolution
In this regard, it was noted that, in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council had clearly stated that the claim of political motivation should not be considered as a justification for the rejection of requests for extradition of alleged terrorists.
The outcome of the technical meetings and seminars held at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) To make comments on the future guidance of the Partnership and its programme for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to transmit the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the Conference of the Parties for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of the establishment of this post;
The increase in resources under non-post requirements of the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Central Support Services in Geneva is mainly attributable to the increase in subsidies and contributions ($400,900) to cover the costs of the services rendered to ITC by the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Office of Central Support Services in the United Nations Office at Geneva.
This is the services “to multiple uses” for which the definition and application considerations are also important as most of the environmental assets.
In design, they respond to a specific intention and are intended for environmental purposes: for example, a recycling station remains a same if the technologies used are deeply amended.
For intellectual property rights, it could apply article 66 (2) and article 67 of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (ADRC), WTO members providing incentives for technology transfer.
A number of recommendations presented to the meeting were relevant to the actions that could be undertaken at the national level:
The increase in expenditures and the costs resulting in this section are due to the revision of the approved adjustment rates of the staff of the Professional and higher categories and for the staff of the Field Service (two categories whose status is governed by the 100 series and 300 of the Staff Rules) from 1 January 2003 to the approval of a staff member's post-retirement service costs.
(a) A new subparagraph as follows:
Description of methods used to identify key sources of intervention in the tables of the main sources of the CRF information on the degree of detail 7A1 to 7.A3 of the IPCC good practice guide
The Parties included in Annex I should meet all cases related to the estimates of amounts issued or absorbed, activity data and emission factors.
Italy is one of the most severely affected countries by population ageing.
Thus, the topic concerned the primary obligations of the State and implied that the existence and conciliation of “ legitimate interests and multiple factors”.
It also deserves not to impede judicial action for other reasons.
Another cause of action in common law is the rule of the public office, which is a greater application to the United States.
I.
We fully support the efforts to streamline the work of the General Assembly and are ready to assist other delegations, as well as our efforts to take the heavy burden of meetings apparently perpetuate.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the beginning of the 1990s, which are important measures to revitalize the General Assembly and based on the draft resolution we have just adopted.
The procedures differ because the needs are not throughout the same.
They were accompanied by pressure that was to compel us to accept amendments or changes that would limit or undermine the rights of indigenous peoples recognized in international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, which request to be part of the World Trade Organization, bearing in mind paragraph 21 of its resolution 55/18 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who have exercised their functions during the period of nine years, the annual pension is:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims found that they could overlap four “E4” claims claim losses in respect of new or more significant losses, taking into account those declared by the “E4” claimant.
UNSEQ number: E-244
Fifty-fifth session
Several representatives of Governments said that in order to attract direct investment, these institutions must increase their support for the development of the necessary infrastructure, including in the information sector.
The globalization of development is further compounded by the deletion of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and increased resources, as well as the increase in the participation of those countries in decision-making in international forums.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary transition from the border was opened between restrictions in Kosovo and Stzimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for only local residents.
The free movement of minorities was also hampered by the decision of the authorities of the Serbian Government to sign an agreement on the use in Serbia of registration cards in Kosovo and by their appeals to deter Kosovo Serbs from entering into the registration of their vehicle.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against the Proliferation of Anti-Ballistic Missile.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to learn from this web site at global scope sites and at the ECLAC regional level on the follow-up to United Nations conferences and summits, which will be launched at the same time in June 2003, at the Fourth United Nations Inter-Agency Technical Coordination Meeting.
The price of oil already included a “war pay” of approximately $5.2 million in the last month of 2002 and exceeded the price in January 2003.
At the same time, they will need to undertake an initial structural adjustment by joining the UEM in order to bridge the levels of reference for budgetary deficits; given their departure position, they may therefore be able to apply in that period an excessive fiscal deficit.
A.A.
Under article 5 of the Domestic Self-Government Act, the power to conduct foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Government of Denmark and no part of that prerogative cannot be transferred to the autonomous administration of the Faroe Islands.
For example, significant financial assistance is given to the costs of exploitation of ethnic minority associations, intercultural activities and information materials, as well as various types of local integration projects.
The Community Social Charter of 1989 provides for the right to use collective action in case of conflict of interest, in particular the right to strike, subject to the obligation to respect national regulations and collective agreements.
Furthermore, the person concerned must work at least 20 days in each quarter.
The high proportion of female users in the population is primarily responsible for the relatively high rate of mortality and has a negative impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative played an important role in advocacy and facilitated campaigns that led to new instruments and standards for the protection of children, as indicated below:
These organizations have played a leading role in the development and implementation of the programme.
• ACP-EU cooperation: the ACP-EU Partnership Agreement signed in Cotonou, Benin, 2000, took into account the various elements proposed by the Special Representative at the ACP-EU Joint Assembly of March 1999.
The presence of the United Nations, where that is in the world, has always been seen as a symbol and a guarantee of universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, drew a broad hearing, including within non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136 to 141, 144 to 146, 148 and 150
It also continued its efforts to raise awareness of women's rights in all its activities and human rights mechanisms, including through the adoption in 2002 of a gender perspective strategy.
Iis, the Human Rights Commission, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established commissions or investigative teams.
Recommendations on travel grants
In accordance with the provisions applicable to consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, the latter approved in its resolution 1996/31, the organizations in consultative status shall submit to all four years a report on their activities, including the support provided to the work of the United Nations.
In accordance with the recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee (see A/C.5/57/SR.20) the Fund has undertaken in 2002 a series of activities that are part of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects aimed at streamlining its activities, better targeting and making it more effective.
Coordination for women's issues was appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Affairs would strengthen their capacity to implement the National Gender Policy.
Recalling its resolution 57/134 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs represented a feature of the economy of services, and often the major development firms were in fact small enterprises at the global level.
In the area of statistics, data collection should be encouraged, as well as work on a social impact assessment and impact on the development of liberalization of services.
Assistance was particularly important for African countries in parallel negotiations with the European Union to conclude economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of technical authentication
In order to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary and appropriate measures to strengthen legislation and institutional capacity in that area.
Country decisions
exemption
The Australian citizenship certificate is not a identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular the nuclear-weapon States, to work actively in the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular on a common formula that could be included in an international instrument that is binding;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate to (a) under subprogramme 3, progressive development and codification of international law) of the programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) chapters 8 ( Legal affairs) and 2, General Assembly affairs and conference services) of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
The representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) participated in the session.
Question 7.
Desiring to distinguish between the two types of cloning is intended only to try to conceal the fact that human life is created to destroy cells in order to produce wires or carry out other experiences.
There is no discussion, and it seems that the differences of views will persist, no opinion must be imposed on all other things.
The development of the transport infrastructure and information and communication technologies, including the elimination of “the remaining links”, would enhance transit transport and allow landlocked countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. De Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for his annual report covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Update on the United Nations system-wide plan of action to combat drug abuse (year years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Global Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses grave concern at the tragic situation of displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent the displacement of the population and to provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, recalls in this regard the Guiding Principles on Internally Displaced Persons, and urges the international community, under the leadership of the relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national projects and programmes aimed at alleviating the plight of internally displaced persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must make benefits to all.
Most recently, in February 2003, two primary monitoring stations, LN1 and Showville (PS08) were officially registered by the Provisional Technical Secretariat; the construction of a clean-up station (RN16) at Yellknidnili.
He also welcomed the establishment of a general oversight post and the transparency that had characterized the recent appointments of leadership.
Also at the 61st meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally proposed an amendment to the draft resolution by which operative paragraph 6 (g) would read as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of an increasing globalization, the measures taken by a Government can often affect the right to food of another country (for example, in the context of agricultural products).
Under article 507, the members of the groups referred to in article 4,99 that cooperate with the judicial authorities in identifying criminal acts or updating their criminal intentions will benefit from one by Libya.
In the longer term, a legal framework for both flexible and effective security rights could be a useful tool to accelerate economic growth.
Decision of the Ad Hoc Committee dated 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We particularly welcome your efforts to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of these Territories, the majority of whom are in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I call on you to consider the Committee as a friend, interested in working with you and you, for the realization of the rights that are undoubtedly the.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first United Nations Development Cooperation Framework approved by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, facilitate the development of an integrated national development plan, which will establish procedures for setting up national priorities for development on 10 years, focusing mainly on health, population, education, tourism and social development;
Within this Ministry, a State Secretariat was responsible for the advancement of women and women's participation in development, demonstrating the Government's commitment to give specific attention to women's issues: the Congo, all the Secretariat of State participated in the meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia would like to express its appreciation to the group of the Quadade and other countries for the initiatives taken in favour of LDCs in the field of market access, which was due to a duty to create competitive advantage and encourage investment in the areas covered by the programme.
However, it is expected that the Organization conclude its year on a positive cash balance (which is currently estimated at $444 million) under the regular budget, which would be favourable to the estimates.
Bigamy
Maintenance of the order
We have provided food, tsunamis, supplies, medicines and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, particularly floods, are also contributing to the deterioration of habitats and resources in the East Asia subregion.
As part of their day-to-day work, women are the main protection of forest-related activities and therefore they depend on the future productivity of forests.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation between developing countries, should not be neglected.
The Government of Slovenia has established an interdepartmental working group on the implementation of restrictive measures and monitoring of counter-terrorism activities.
At the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on Children in Armed Conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- Financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otiti (Uganda) said that her delegation had been included in the light of a technical error.
(b) A certified copy of the memorandum and articles of society;
Subject to other priorities and resources available, the Government of Bahrain intends to make progress in this process in the coming months.
Fifty-eighth session
According to a view, the basic criterion for a balance between the interests of buyers and those of secured creditors was the concept of “ normal business”.
The Working Group on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget will have before it each year a thorough study on a technical cooperation programme.
The cotton problem was crucial, and the difficulties faced by African producers were to be viewed as a point of view to both moral and economic.
The Programme of Action urgently initiated by the Commonwealth of Independent States to reverse the increase in HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia aims at achieving the goals set out in the Declaration of Commitment through extensive national action, supported by technical, financial and tactical support of UNAIDS and collaboration with the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that this is before all parents, which are the best placed to do so, the duty to guide children, to raise them in a healthy environment, to foster the sense of duty, integrity, civic responsibility, compassion and service to others, to contribute to the strengthening of families, communities and nations throughout the world;
Most Muslim countries in the Middle East are found in the sub-Saharan Indian, South-East Asia and some African regions.
27 October 2003, Baghdad
However, in cases where sanctions remain in force during a long period of time, as in the case of the sanctions regime against Al-Qaida and the Taliban, universal reporting rules cannot be effective.
The Government of East Timor is currently reviewing projects aimed at improving the capacity of East Timor police in both areas, in addition to its capacity to deal with civil unrest.
Moreover, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police to address the threats of criminal and armed groups in the campaigns and in the area of tactical coordination.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to inform them whether they wished to take part in the work of the new team and to communicate to the Office for Outer Space Affairs the coordinates of the focal point that they would designate to that effect.
The law of the Republic of Macedonia makes it clear to some extent the conduct referred to in this article but the penalties required to be radically reviewed.
Indeed, both in urban and rural areas, female illiteracy with extreme poverty and work, with dependence and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of African countries have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to African countries.
The Group currently comprises seven persons.
The members of the Committee have carefully considered the issue without reaching agreement on the causes of the problem or how to remedy them.
They supported the United States military activities in their territory, because they did not forget their own history; they were aware that the vulnerability and appreciation of the security and protection offered by the United States.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Commerce, October-December 2001, www.admin.gov.gu/trade.
Implementation of the safeguards of the International Atomic Energy Agency in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative
With regard to funding, improving the situation in 2002-2003 with regard to income and expenditure and the implementation of the revised recovery policy also provide good opportunities for UNICEF financial and budget.
Background
The consolidated table IV shows the changes proposed to be made to the number of posts funded under the support budget for each of the main components of each appropriation line.
Summary table V provides a comparison between the total number of posts of each organizational unit for the current and future biennium.
Table 7 Distribution of recurrent expenditure and new investments, 2004-2005
It summarizes the progress made by the Central American countries on the path of peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since the issuance of my last report (A/57/387 and Add.1).
On 23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit in Cuzco (Peru). The 19 members of the Group adopted the Cuzco Consensus, the strategic action programme aimed at eradicating poverty and social exclusion and addressing the themes of democratic governance, cultural identity and external relations and promoting an open and equitable international trading system.
The enormous reconstruction efforts of the region are continuing with the assistance of the international community.
Groups and monitoring mechanisms
21 and 29 August; 6, 10, 17 to 19, 24, 25 and 27 September; 3, 11, 15, 15, 15, 15, 23 to 25 and 28 October; 6, 7, 13, 19, 22 and 25 November; 3, 4, 6, 9, 16 and 30 December 2002; 6, 9, 10, 15, 16, 23, 27 and 31 January; 12 and 24 to 27 February; 12 and 24 to 27 February; 4 and 4 July;
UNMOVIC also had contacts with many Governments in the area of export control, particularly with regard to finding practical solutions to issues such as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for an appropriate balance between the objectives of non-proliferation and legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, these information is based on the recent update of the Council of Heads of United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on the preparation of the budget for the United Nations system.
Of the 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are fully or mainly on renewable energy sources.
The nuclear non-proliferation and peaceful uses of the home can go hand in hand in hand with transparency and mutual confidence.
In this regard, the experience of developed democracies is very valuable.
At the same time, I would like to take this opportunity to take this opportunity to convey to the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the most sincere condolences of the Bulgarian people to their families.
We can talk about victory when these attacks will no longer be done, because they are the whole nation.
The Government has identified some 30,000 members of the organizations considered as terrorists because of the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the appointment of the operational entities that have been accredited and designated under the provisional agenda of the Council.
That is only through their determination and dedication as possible, with the assistance of the secretariat, to carry out the heavy and difficult tasks entrusted to them.
Consideration of the review process
Statistical study, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and in April/May 2003, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
I would now like to repeat the names of both Asian States that wish to present a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Achievements in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was also in the interest of both developed and developing countries to establish a sound and equitable multilateral trading system.
International agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to regulate, including in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy were of the utmost importance to the economy of the member countries.
FDI could play a fundamental role in economic growth and the development of host countries.
States
For the most important, his delegation endorsed all the suggestions of the Special Rapporteur, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted that the sector, which is outside State control arrangements and any taxation, had a considerable place in the economy of many developing countries.
Annex I
This joint programme would allow Member States to understand more comprehensive understanding of the prospects and risks of a global society and would serve to implement the basic proposals made by the Secretary-General on science and technology in the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the Group of 8 July 2000 and the Dubai Declaration of the Group of 77 for the Promotion of Science and Technology in South 2002.
It is necessary to clarify how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international cooperation for development will focus on the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the chains, the present producers were used as this guide and, although the other stations did not follow up their example, a normalization of the decision remained possible.
They took note of the convening of 16 to 20 September 2002 in Geneva of the Fourth Meeting of States Parties to the Convention.
They strongly supported unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures that some Governments had adopted to reduce their military expenditures, thereby contributing to strengthening regional and international peace and security.
Vocational training and job creation must enable cities to benefit the potential of young people.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
14 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an opening statement.
While the region of the Middle East is a particularly sensitive area, taking into account the various outstanding issues and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that the international community is a matter of priority to achieving that goal, within the framework of the United Nations, in order to bring a decisive step towards peace in that region.
It should also be noted that there is a better understanding that the solution of the issue of the composition of the office will facilitate the strengthening of the agreement on the interpretation of rules governing the composition of the Bureau and its subsidiary bodies.
The UNCTAD New York Office will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme, on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.15 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
Under the sanctions regime [para. 4 (b) established by resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraph 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002)], Member States shall be obliged to freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets of individuals or entities, including funds derived from assets from such persons or entities directly or indirectly controlled by their respective entities or to ensure that their respective individuals and entities are directly and to ensure that their respective individuals and individuals and entities are directly affected by their respective individuals.
All federal law enforcement agencies have contributed to this effort by providing basic and advanced training courses in all areas of financial crime.
Network for the detection and suppression of financial offences (financial crimes
Furthermore, the Minister of Industry and Trade is empowered, under article 7 of the Companies Act, to conduct control over the objectives, sources of finance and non-profit organizations.
The members of the mission stressed that they were not coming to serve as a mediator, or to intervene in the peace talks in Liberia, but they reported to all parties that they were indispensable: full respect for the ceasefire; a comprehensive political settlement that would allow for the appointment of a transitional Government to organize free and fair elections; respect for international humanitarian law, including immediate access and restrictions;
(d) Report of the Working Group on the Medium-term Plan and of the Programme Budget on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not applied in general and the provisions of the various conventions on liability and relations between them were difficult to understand.
The Advisory Board of Experts on the Law of the Sea considered the following issues at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission on the Transfer of Marine Technology; (2) the establishment of an internal procedure of IOC for the effective implementation of article 24 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, on the projects and research carried out by international organizations;
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
Following this conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the heart of the international community's development concerns.
He hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States would follow the same review framework and that the General Assembly would request the Secretary-General to submit an annual report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
After a civil war that has devastated the national economy, Burundi cannot carry out this programme of internal and external disinformation to combat poverty without the support of the international community.
This has a negative impact on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to communicate to the Secretary-General, in time to allow the General Assembly to deliberate on their views and suggestions on ways and means to strengthen and broaden participation in the standardized reporting system, including changes to its content and structure;
The difficulty of deciding at the outset if the debtor should be subject to liquidation proceedings rather than reorganization has led some countries to review their insolvency law and to replace separate procedures by a “tur” procedure.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, to school because of potentially hazardous situations.
We attach a high priority to our collaboration with our WHO partners and others to encourage breastfeeding as the best solution to protect children's health.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532) and the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned about the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and its continuing efforts to achieve the conclusion of bilateral agreements with Member States under article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the authorities of the following countries: Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Ecuador, El Salvador, Equatorial Guinea, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Pakistan, Peru, Tunisia and Zimbabwe.
4.7 The judge will inform the Committee on its personal and trust interests and will make every effort reasonably possible to inform the financial interests of the family members.
Member States reported some difficulties encountered in implementing the Action Plan for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthen technology support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms; strengthening human capacity; identifying new technologies and applications; and encouraging international collaboration in support of research in the areas left behind;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile and by the observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of FISC (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In his opening statement, Mr. Kim Hak-Follow-up welcomed the first substantive stage of the process leading to the organization of a final international conference on chemicals management.
Response measures
I would like to say that working with you, within the United Nations Council, has been an excellent experience.
We particularly appreciate the determination and conviction with which you will join your country's positions in extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
Contents
A technical cooperation project for the Buenos Aires trade (Mozambique) is under way and should be completed.
The capital is self-financing by making more effective debt-servicing procedures and by introducing inconsistencies in claims of creditors.
It is a smaller country with a least large population, but 2.2 of 3.3 million people are threatened by hunger.
I do not always understand why it is difficult to accept this statement.
Article 2.8. The Secretary-General may submit additional proposals for the programme budget whenever appropriate.
Article 4.5. It is established a contingency fund for peacekeeping operations as a cash permit for the United Nations to respond quickly during the start-up phase of new peacekeeping operations or the expansion of existing operations, and to finance unforeseen and extraordinary expenses related to peacekeeping.
These agreements indicate, inter alia, the services of the Organization to provide full reimbursement for the expenses of the United Nations.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Recognizes that it is better in the interest of the Organization to provide goods or transfer to a symbolic price at another intergovernmental organization, government, or other non-profit organization.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after thorough investigation, allow for write-offs of the loss of cash, goods and other assets, on the understanding that it must submit to the Board of Auditors, in the same time as accounts, a statement of all outstanding amounts.
(a) Provisional agenda and agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally amended?
Abstaining:
The nature of the confidence-building measures that must, therefore, be defined and agreed on the basis of volunteerism, at the appropriate pace of States taking part in the process.
Otherwise, developing countries will only be marginalized.
In Kisangani, she met with the families of victims of the killings of May 2002 and victims of sexual abuse, and also visited prison and cachers.
The cost of the alternative option of building prefabricated offices is estimated at $98567.
The special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of the working groups responsible for the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, as well as the chairpersons of the human rights treaty bodies regret that the fight against terrorism will serve as a pretext to threaten human rights defenders and to take vulnerable groups to the gap in their origin and socio-economic conditions, which are particularly relevant to refugees, particularly migrants.
Why?
My fifth proposal is a general nature: it is to act on the source of these two scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting settlement of these conflicts, it is essential that the peoples and the Transitional Governments of those States obtain accounts and enforce justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which calls upon regional organizations, in particular the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and the States of the region to fully implement the arms embargo, a fundamental component of the national reconciliation process in Somalia.
In truth, the League of Arab States had played the role that it would be expected to respond to the deterioration of the political and security situation in the region, whether Palestine, Iraq or regional security.
It also sought to ensure that the inspectors, when returning to Iraq, can work and freedom — an effort recognized in Security Council resolution 1803 (2002).
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.3/58/L.27 and A/C.3/58/L.6
Calls upon the organizations of the United Nations system to integrate a gender perspective into all their programmes and policies, including in a coherent follow-up to United Nations conferences, in accordance with agreed conclusions 1997/2 on the integration of a gender perspective, that the Economic and Social Council adopted at its substantive session in 1997, and welcomes the decision of the Economic and Social Council, at its substantive session, to devote the substantive consideration of the two themes of 2004.
It is true that a large number of countries covered by the HIPC initiative do not implement the IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
The main council that Mr. Duque may give the Commission to the Committee is not able to leave this issue.
Strengthening of the work of the United Nations in the field of human rights through the promotion of international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that, through increased efforts and implementation, a reasonable compromise can be reached on the issue of Security Council reform in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reaffirm once again that the People's and Democratic Republic of Korea has fully fulfilled its obligations in accordance with the provisions of the 1994 agreed Agreement between the People's Republic of Korea and the United States, until its withdrawal from the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopted the concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections may be submitted within a period of seven days following the receipt of the record or closure of the session, if the Conference takes place later.
Welcoming the restructuring of the Committee's offices and its two subcommissions, he said that his delegation welcomed the perspective of working with them on issues such as space education and disaster mitigation.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of annual meetings with the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of the Office of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit on Sustainable Development in order to achieve the more effective and coherent implementation of the three objectives of the Convention and to achieve a significant slowdown in the current rate of biodiversity loss, which will require action at all levels, including the implementation of national strategies and action plans for the preservation of biodiversity and the allocation of additional and technical resources to developing countries,
This budget should be adjusted to reflect the burden and resources resulting from the unification of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In paragraph 4, the words “staff” were in one and the other case replaced by the word “ Professional” and the phrase “Strengthening of the Secretary-General's efforts” was replaced by the words “Promoting the Secretary-General and heads of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned about the remaining problems,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination, as contained in section C.4 of chapter III of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of the Central Asian countries on trafficking in small arms and light weapons during which a discussion was devoted to the ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, submitted pursuant to Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999, and the reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It is important that the Congress will enter into its original refusal to support national reparations and ensure the financing and institutional stability of payments by adopting the programme.
List and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed simply because they were Serbian and to send to all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija the message that they must go to and that there is no chance of reconciliation, or to achieve the multi-ethnic society provided for in Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and that we call on all of our wishes.
The United Kingdom supports the reform and establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps, an organization to deal with emergency emergencies.
For this reason, Israel's responsibility to put an end to these violations of Lebanese airspace and to prevent the recurrence of tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as set out below.
In this Organization, there will always be zero tolerance against those who call for intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence.
The Committee agreed that the two Secretariat should continue to work.
At its resumed 2001 session, the Committee had before it special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint filed by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that his only concern was to ensure that this NGOs did not have its status with the Council by conducting its activities in a manner that would bring the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (from the 25th to the 50th) were held.
However, linkages between areas, balance balances, order to retain, cost and benefits, as they were extremely complex.
Angola hosted the seventh Conference on Trade and Finance in Africa in May 2003.
If so, please describe the measures taken.
The persons whose DNA is subject to an analysis also have the right to know what these information is, for which it is stock and may have access.
The criteria for issuance set forth in the European patent Convention are: (i) new; (ii) activity inven; (iii) industrial application.
2, and 17.b) of the European Agreement on Road marks of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Ex-contractors or Enforcement, Phono producers and radio broadcasting organizations of 26 October 1961.
(h) To approve the implementation plan;
For example, rural male population increased in North-East and South-West regions (from 49.8 per cent to 50,0 per cent and 49.1 per cent in 49.3 per cent), while it decreased in the following regions: Bucharest (from 49.8 per cent to 49.4 per cent), South-West (from 49.2 per cent to 49.5 per cent).
Women and men also have equal rights in respect of their citizenship.
The different methods of family planning were not well known before 1989 and couples had the most often recourse to natural methods and condoms.
This re-establish the allocation reflects the increase in the price of school supplies, food, clothing and other benefits of strict need for children, and is intended to prevent school drop-out, a phenomenon that has taken place in recent years because of the decrease in the financial resources of families with children.
The lack of development activities in the most volatile areas of the country has not been fully affected.
More than 40 countries benefited from the Common Services programme of the United Nations Development Group, with donor grants to finance or improve common services provided to 24 country teams.
UNDP's partnerships with international financial institutions — in particular the Bretton Woods institutions — are focused on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and the poverty reduction strategy papers.
One representative may, in his statement, address the substance of the matter in the discussion.
(e) That the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation has designated the Commission to serve as a focal point for the discussions on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and would reaffirm that partnerships, as well as voluntary initiatives taken by stakeholders, contribute to the implementation of intergovernmental commitments in the context of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
Contents
We look forward to your proposal.
For example, the proposal to impose an immediate moratorium on the commercial activities of the extractive industries in Liberia on the basis of past experiences and current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
According to the model 3, to the extent that it was less than the other two of the current system, it would be able to be used by several organizations.
Conditions of service
As a result, the amount of mobility and hardship would also remain unchanged.
(e) Study on grade levels between the United Nations civil service and the Federal Administration of the United States.
He then noted that each loan was under way before Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Follow-up and assessment of progress made on sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights stressed the importance of improving the response of the international community to violence by strengthening national prevention efforts and through international cooperation.
While almost 50 enterprise leaders were present at its official launch, before the end of 2003, the Global Compact became a very developed international network with more than 1,000 enterprises worldwide, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, as well as academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by reporting institutions are reported.
• Provision of appropriations (D) and credit (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines has generated a climate of close consultation and cooperation between Governments, international organizations and NGOs.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11 missions
The working group recognizes the importance of the summary that will support the report.
Following these deliberations, the members of the Committee, based on the provisions of the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on the work of its fortieth session (1997), approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, had reached the following agreement, which would serve as a basis for the election of the members of the Committee at the opening of its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue among States, indigenous peoples and other actors on the concept of indigenous peoples within the framework of promoting and protecting cultural diversity;
Chapter III
), National Programme for Human Rights
Most Governments are aware of the growing threat posed by the continuing illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and call for measures to mitigate this threat.
These successes require long-term investment in economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations spoke with the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
Statement submitted by our delegation-Dame of the Charity of the Bonel, a non-governmental organization in special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 contains updated information on the financial situation of UNUSO and the Civilian Police Support Group at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Luro Bajé, Jr
Resumed substantive session of 2003
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Anti-Personnel Mines and Other Arrangements, as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, as amended on 3 May 1996) annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
It requests that they be defined in order to facilitate the follow-up and evaluation of results and that the development of outputs is undertaken.
However, the Advisory Committee is not convinced that there is no need for three additional posts to be established in order to ensure the continuous deployment of military expertise.
Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continue cooperation with core indigenous organizations, taking note of their marginalization and strengthening their capacity to take into account the issues of concern at the national and international levels;
Before paragraph 2 of its resolution 1356 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo would not apply to the protection clothing, including the cachles and military, temporarily exported in Somalia, for their use exclusively by United Nations personnel, representatives of the media, humanitarian personnel, development assistance and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the OIC Research Centre on History, art and Islamic Culture (IRCACA) to preserve the cultural heritage and identity of Muslim Muslim communities of non-members of OIC.
The impact of the information society on economic and socio-economic development and urged industrial States to develop a programme of work for developing States to benefit from communication technologies to bridge the digital divide and decided to actively participate in the World Summit on the Information Society and to coordinate their positions.
CONDAMNN all forms of repression against refugees, including armed attacks against refugee camps, and pressure on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, in particular, to strengthen Islamic solidarity among Member States and to consolidate their cooperation in the economic, social and scientific fields and throughout the vital sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to reach consensus around its programme of work, including the establishment of subsidiary negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, the prevention of the arms race in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and the effective international measures to protect non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to begin its substantive work on the prevention of the arms race in outer space.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States
Resolution No. 7/30-E on foreign debt of African Member States and other OIC Member States
OPICESE for organizing a workshop on “private sector investment and the role of the IDB in member States” in collaboration with the relevant OIC institutions and also expresses its appreciation to the Republic of Turkey for hosting the workshop.
The report of the ninth meeting of the private sector was welcomed.
Further calls upon Member States that have technical infrastructure in the area of conservation and restoration of manususus, to grant scholarships to staff members of the Institute, to increase their expertise in this area.
Recalling further resolution No. 49/60 of the United Nations on the Declaration of Principles for Combating International Terrorism;
With regard to the entire West African region, I hope that I hope will receive sustained attention from the Council and other institutions of the United Nations system following our mission and our report, the subregional problems are enormous and we have listed in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the action of the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be decisive in order to avoid a possible conflict if necessary measures are not taken.
These negotiations can present a number of ill-treated because they require highly qualified and experienced staff and have an increased risk of abusive or corrupt practices.
In the letter of support, UNCITRAL called “confidential comments on specific provisions in order to facilitate the preparation of an analytical commentary to the Commission”.
It was therefore necessary to combine economic and political efforts and implement all relevant United Nations resolutions that called for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from all occupied territories and called upon the right of the Palestinian people to a politically independent and economically viable State.
After the adoption of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) of Jordan, the Minister of Finance, in its note No. 12/3/295/08 of 3 April 2003, provided the Customs authorities the names of persons and entities listed in the consolidated list and called upon to prohibit the clearance of goods imported or exported by those individuals or entities and to transmit them to the Customs Directorate.
Invites States to review and reform, as appropriate, legislation and practices in order to bring to the minimum age of marriage, with or without the consent of the parents, both for boys and boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to provide further information to the Special Rapporteur with all relevant information sources, including a compilation of studies and publications on the impact of terrorism and the impact of combating terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends the following draft resolution:
In addition, the Committee has no objection to that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the Relief Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 are supplemented by an amount not exceeding $200,000 (see A/58/214, para.
Each system is adapted to the ICT environment and the organizational procedures.
The participants and beneficiaries will be the first to see improved services proposed.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important instrument for social change, since it allows everyone to acquire new values and to modify its relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights enshrined the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and proclaims that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, that everyone can enjoy all the rights and freedoms proclaimed in the Declaration without distinction, and that the individual has the duties to the community in which the free and full development of its personality is possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to affirm that local staff must fulfil its obligations under the national service and several Eritrean people working for UNMEE were arrested.
The Committee will encourage those who provide assistance to focus, within the framework of expanded capacity-building programmes, on counter-terrorism capacities, to give greater priority to training and to ensure that programmes are implemented in a timely manner and results-oriented.
12.44 This subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Investment, Enterprise Development and Technology Division.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
For the second year, they were high in 218,915, including advances made by several Member States on their contribution to the third year.
Comments
(g) Relocation, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or place where their lives is in danger and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers from entering a country where their lives is at risk;
There is a growing tendency to give priority to peace to the detriment of justice, which can understand in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises during a peace process, but which leads to undermining the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear no objection, I shall take it that the Assembly takes this suggestion.
The General Assembly must proceed with the election of 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded this stage of our consideration of agenda item 18.
She regretted, however, that there was still a need for countries that had not been adopted in some regions where the proliferation of ballistic missiles remains an urgent problem.
In view of the proposed commencement of new reception centres for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration and the increase in the workload of the Section is proposed for a net increase of 38 posts.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, his delegation supported a broad scope.
As indicated in previous instalments, the Panel reviewed the claims of the second part of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after assessing the evidence and other evidence, taking into account the interests of the claimants who had been forced to flee a war area and Iraq, which was not responsible for the losses and damage resulting from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Nevertheless, in order to resolve this problem, our State account for the future assistance of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, educational institutions and religious and political personalities of the Palestinian Authority are making hatred, gori and offer moral, both human and divided, massacres.
If we wish to see schedule, each will have the opportunity to intervene before the Council.
Israel would cease its occupation of our territory, that it continues to send settlers, that it continues to disregard our rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess progress in the clean development mechanism and take appropriate measures, recommend that the Conference of the Parties consider incorporating into its decision on the guidelines to the Executive Board the preamble and paragraph below.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections were suspended, but the Government of the Pinoiis was tried to improve the delivery of local services that led to a number of reforms, including in the area of income sharing.
In accordance with resolution 2002/21 of the Sub-Commission, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Council that it had identified as the main themes of its work, in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004: “Commission on Indigenous Issues”; in 2005: “Protection of indigenous traditional knowledge at the national and international levels”; and in 2006: “Women and youth”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting a grant should be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in promoting human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and the continued development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
General Assembly resolution 57/65 on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason why it was not mentioned in the programme document.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2 Se/programming a document related to an act of terrorism, deliberately ignoring the existence of this link (10 years)
In real terms, child spending increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having considered also the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples on New Caledonia,
Accordingly, there is no place to speak of the exception when it is the right of peoples to combat weapons for self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): The participation of civil society, in general, and non-governmental organizations, in particular, is statutory under the Convention.
Contents
As at 16 January 2003, the total of the new voluntary contributions made available for the twenty-second session of the Board amounted to $51,548 (see table 1 above).
(d) If the purpose is to apply the termination or termination of the contract of an employee, and if the head of State, the head of Government or the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the employer, this risk of interference with the security interests of the State;
This session will be held at the Congress Fiera Milano, Milan.
That process is recognized and designated as appropriate (social sector in transition or knowledge society) or not, any development, which strengthens knowledge systems, free of human potential, can better develop and guide them to social, economic and political life, as well as a society of this new development phase.
Mary Anna informed his intention to leave UNHCR for the reasons of staff and staff and I have acceded to his request, not to regret.
The Committee proposes to include all age groups in the indicator of the Friends of the Presidency.
Emphasizing the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts made by the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work done by the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Non-permanent seats in the regions
Amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete subparagraph.
The representative of any regional agreement or agency should indicate in writing to the President of the Security Council that he wished to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how to better provide the necessary guidance to the implementation of such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee requests the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies adopted to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of the legislative provisions on equality between men and women, including in the field of the representation of women at different levels of government and public service.
Calls upon the Secretary-General to continue to take measures to ensure the safety of all personnel participating in the Force under the auspices of the United Nations;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 53/242)
Basic economic laws are under review, including laws on investment and registration of enterprises and a bill on bankruptcy.
It is encouraging to note that there has been no progress in the recent period of closing the events at the end of 2002 and early this year.
The fourth point is the fact that the Government of Timor-Leste has succeeded in generating 44.1 million income, including $2.7 million in income from the East Timor Sea during the current year, demonstrates that the State is increasingly increasing its own resources.
The latter should not treat the liability of the carrier.
Additional statements and contributions regarding the preparation of the draft instrument
(d) Encourage, generally, activities aimed at strengthening the independence of the judiciary and the Bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be made:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and increases in the years.
One of them would have been carried out before the main entry of the university, with the aim of creating a climate of terror after a demonstration was not later organized by students.
The international community should focus on this growing trend in the use of excessive force;
We would also like to repeat that, with regard to the controversy on the issue of the agent in order to draw up up to XV and the coal hand, which has been destroyed unilaterally by Iraq, it has made concrete proposals during the recent technical discussions held with Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February.
Efforts have been made in the past in the form of texts proposed in the hope of us to overcome this political impasse.
We expect to increase the number of customs and procurement experts to monitor imports in Iraq.
Let us hope that peace can be achieved so that we are able to do so, if we are sincerely seeking to achieve a determination and political will.
I wish once again to express the confidence and full support of France in their mission.
However, Spain is aware that peace and security are guaranteed by respect and the implementation of Security Council resolutions and that it will be a time when there is a lack of political attitude, the lack of a new will of cooperation on the part of the regime of Saddam Hussein, the Council will be obliged to assume its responsibilities on behalf of international peace and security.
In this regard, the work of the international community and the Security Council vis-à-vis the Baghdad regime remains the main factor in ensuring Iraq's cooperation with the inspectors, and it is also the main condition for finding a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) Be compatible with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
Financial statements
As we have indicated, Egypt has signed or ratified all conventions with the exception of the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which is a positive attitude towards combating terrorism.
Moreover, as it is impossible to build the confidence of the day in the aftermath, we must remain in support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7 Number of letters relating to rights
Legal Officer
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two open centres in Ethiopia are still becoming a public and one third should soon begin to open this time in Aidi.
In some cases, for example, in the water sector, the number of transnational corporations capable of addressing worldwide is very limited.
In the context of these principles, the Government of Croatia has undertaken a range of social and economic reforms aimed at encouraging growth and social well-being, such as the effective implementation of its National Strategy for the Eradication of Poverty and the fight against social exclusion and the creation of social partnerships that will give priority to human resources and ensure education and science a central role in promoting social progress.
The 218th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will take place on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism was installed at the rostrum of the General Assembly in order to assist speakers in fulfilling the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 20031)
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 20031)
In order to ensure the full enjoyment of their rights, the international community should widely support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, while taking into account historical, cultural and development differences between countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be guided by all international standards and rules concerning disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also those arising from the resolutions of United Nations bodies and agencies.
The African Union affirmed that African populations should endeavour to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of positive discrimination in favour of persons with disabilities.
In order to ensure that the divisions of the secretariat have adequate resources, the amount of 13 per cent charged against the budgets of project projects should be assigned to the Division for the implementation of the project.
The disruption in the provision of medicines, materials and spare parts for equipment — especially those that are intended for emergency services, therapy and dental therapy units and other services both adults and children — have made the fact that conditions in which medical care is extremely difficult.
This policy has a meaning?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/11 in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and in accordance with the provisions of its Constitution concerning respect for international law.
[Original: English] [17 June 2003]
Employment has been slow and the unemployment rate remained at a reasonable level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[Original: English/ Spanish] [21 May 2003]
The limited access to energy sources and high fuel costs and the shortages resulting from a serious impact on urban transport, increasing production and damage to the effective functioning of social and urban activities.
Introduction
Whether the applicant is the transfer account in the bank and wishes to transfer a higher amount to US$ 10,000 or equivalent in another currency.
Article 35 (1) of the Rules provides:
It could, for example, as proposed by the Secretary-General, establish a multi-stakeholder panel on debt restructuring mechanisms whose discussions and conclusions could be brought to the attention of the intergovernmental decision bodies.
