There is therefore a question of concern that the laws aimed at combating terrorism provide to the agencies responsible for the enforcement of the judiciary and the intelligence intelligence of the special powers of monitoring and investigation, without reference to justice.
Ms. Borzi Cornacchi (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, asked how the Special Rapporteur sees its future programme of work and whether it is considering to include missions.
First, it is necessary to increase the representative of the Government, particularly in the security institutions, and intensify efforts for unity and national reconciliation.
All Afghan armed factions — including warlords and the Taliban — benefit from illicit drug trafficking.
A concerted effort is needed to reverse this trend contrary to the most fundamental principles of international humanitarian law, which raises critical issues to address it.
The Committee requests the State party to provide wide dissemination of its concluding observations at all levels of society, including among the State and the members of the judiciary, and to inform them in its next periodic report of all measures taken to implement these observations.
If additional funds were available for the programmes in Africa, resources for the region in the programme budget would increase, as suggested above.
Adoption of the report on credentials
6 See resolution 50/6.
During the second phase, in the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, one P-4 and six General Service posts will be redeployed to the website of the web site to strengthen the language capacity of the site.
Structure
A new analytical guide on gender-based analysis in 2003.
Data statistics (see the responses to the list of issues, pages 32-33) seems to show that the impact was to reduce access to unemployment.
In this context, emphasis should be placed on the specific needs of the least developed countries since the participation of those countries in global trade remains marginal and, thus, there is no member of the World Trade Organization.
Special Committee on the Indian Ocean
The crisis in Iraq faces our Governments.
There is, in our case, a priority commitment.
In this regard, my country believes that the draft resolution is an effective means of strengthening pressure on Iraq to comply with the relevant resolutions of the Security Council.
It is trying to build on this.
At its 7th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Conference, acting on a recommendation of the SBSTA (FCCC/CP/2002/L.4), adopted decision 10/CP.8 entitled “Development and transfer of technology” (FCCC/CP/2002/7/Add.1).
The proposed legislative reforms, inter alia, require the granting of technical assistance, including for the acquisition of equipment necessary to strengthen security in ports of entry and training of staff, particularly in the area of detection of false travel documents.
Noting that Governments of some Territories have sought to meet the most urgent standards of financial monitoring,
A/58/23 (Part II), chap.
When considering the organization of its work, the Sub-Commission may wish to refer to the annex to its decision 1999/114 containing the guidelines governing the implementation by the Sub-Commission on the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and other decisions and practices.
The assessment of girls' education in the Horn of Africa and Eastern Africa has led to the causes of the problem, which has already already been identified: the magnitude of the domestic tasks and the financial sacrifice required for girls to the family are the main social factors that prevent women's education with boys; it should add the lack of school textbooks.
Mr. Cowen (Ireland): The fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly will be held at the time when we respond to the Secretary-General's call for a discussion on the future role of the United Nations.
In my view, I believe that there is still a need for a number of acts to ensure that future generations have a positive opportunity.
In the context of economic difficulties, the Government has devoted more than 5 million, the last year to services designed to implement our strategic plan to combat HIV/AIDS.
OPINION No. 23/2001 (ISRARAL)
The initial judgement was made in favour of applicants but the Supreme Court of the United Arab Emirates subsequently reversed this judgement.
The Government claims that those persons have been arrested for conspiracy with enemy forces to overthrow the legal government.
Mr. Yawowi Agboyibo, lawyer, former parliamentary parliament, President of the Committee on Action for renewal (PAR), a political party was arrested on 3 August 2001, sentenced to a term of six months and imprisoned in the Lomé civilian prison, despite its appeal appeal.
The Working Group, with the opinion, requests the Government to adopt the necessary measures to address the situation, in accordance with the standards and principles set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
It is important to respond to the needs of peoples of the Territories themselves, with appropriate means and time frames to carry out their respective decolonization processes.
The settlement of this outstanding issue will only be based on confidence-building.
These historic initiatives help better identify the needs and aspirations of peoples under colonial domination by giving them necessary pressure in a highly competitive economy.
Only the United Nations is incumbent for a legitimate mandate by its Charter and holds the legal and political authority and international legitimacy to meet the greatest challenges to international peace and security.
At the time of time, the United Nations should not continue to continue its tasks in Iraq but also to extend and provide stronger support to the Iraqi people.
UNAIDS is currently providing a Senior HIV/AIDS Adviser to the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to coordinate the overall strategy and initiatives to facilitate work in missions.
In accordance with article 5, paragraph 3, of its Organic Regulations, the organization, on the proposal of its General Coordinator and in consultation with the Executive Board, had taken a de facto exclusion of Ms. Bonavita, regardless of its status in the organization, to have violated the rules of procedure of the Council, which disrupted the work of the Commission on Human Rights and had been failing to comply with the delegation of the United States of America.
The Movement, in terms of article 3, provides its activities through the following bodies:
See, for example, article 9 (3) of the National Commission on Human Rights of Mongolia.
If some members of the Working Group, this provision should not necessarily be included in insolvency legislation and could be left to the common right, it was observed that it was closely linked to recommendation 70 and should, for reasons of clarity and legal security, should be included in insolvency legislation.
Following discussion, the proposal to delete the second sentence of the recommendation was received.
Institutional framework (A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.
Nicaragua is also party to many international anti-corruption treaties, including the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime, the Central American Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Money-Laundering and Related Crimes, and the Inter-American Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters.
Recommendation No. 32
The idea of providing the United Nations system of a school system was a sense that it had become necessary to improve coherence and effectiveness of international civil service.
(c) Whether it is not desirable, taking into account the nature of the activity, to grant non-exclusive contractors;
In a case as in the other, the position of the power of the market cannot be considered automatically.
However, the United Nations investment portfolio includes high value products that had little value in the world.
Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations (ST/SGB/F.1/Rev.2/Amend.2, 12 February 1980.
In 2002, the Executive Board reviewed the structure and composition of the secretariat, which had been insufficient.
Not a part of the session's documentation, these three documents will be not subject to time for the session, but they will be consulted on the UNCTAD website, as all other documents requested by the Group.
Future sessions 45 45
The three options are not mutually exclusive.
However, when they are present, the Republic of Haiti is trying to respond.
This system has demonstrated its effectiveness in its most visible part, namely the electronic presentation of the evidence in the case of the trial.
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.
The resolution also refers to the principle of referral by the Rome Statute on what body - the Court or the Council — is entitled to consider in the first case of individual criminal cases concerning individual officials or staff in a non-State State to the Rome Statute on acts or omissions during a established operation or authorized of the United Nations.
It is also the reasoning that the Secretary-General has followed before the adoption of resolution 1422 (2002).
In particular, the International Criminal Court, of which 90 States are now parties, has become a reality, taking into account the election, on its 18 judges and his Prosecutor and the very brief appointment of the Registrar.
Although the Eldore Declaration was signed by all factions involved in the Conference and in the presence of neighbouring countries, those factions have continued to combat and be sent to or from arms.
The first consignee of arms and ammunition of the Ethiopian Government has been identified Ali Mahdi.
According to British Customs officials in Nairobi and London, heroin is introduced in fraud in Somalia by vessels from South Asia to be transported to Africa and West Africa.
Singapore
The political turbulence that took place in the first year in the power of the country is totally devastated by the country.
The legislation in Myanmar covers all aspects of the problem of trafficking.
States must overcome their differences and establish an effective protection system to ensure that United Nations staff and associated personnel can carry out their security missions.
Although it began its work, only two years earlier, it has already achieved tangible results.
The origins of the fish group believe that agricultural subsidies are undermining the environment and causing the exhaustion of marine resources.
Preparations for the Eleventh United Nations Congress on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice
More specifically, it has been the framework for the development of common language for United Nations staff on conflict prevention, through interaction and exchange of experience.
The actuary has also been responsible for proposing other mechanisms for the financing of future costs for post-service health insurance.
The procurement services between UNDP and various donors were carried out by the Office of Project Support Services (UNOPS).
Table 7
Table 8 provides a summary of the accounts of the reserve for office and accommodation at headquarters.
However, the figures of the Supreme Court for 1995 showed that two of the 16 accused for male husbands were women.
The church is probably the most influential institution in the company of Samoa.
In practice, the police has established that a police officer is present when a victim of violence in homes or sexual abuse is a victim.
The Overseas Financial Centre is headed by a legal officer and staff includes another legal officer.
The teenage pregnancy is still an important cause in the rural areas, and there are generally concerted efforts to marry the girl's daughters as soon as possible, which would lead to a punishment of the family involved in the village's representation, usually as the girl.
NGOs - Non-governmental organization
No effort must be spared to re-establish the process, while preserving the standard of the norm of 30 years, and still in the light of the new ones.
This legislation is many of the importance of Armenia, as it creates an appropriate legislative basis for a future of the export control system in the country, a key element of the non-proliferation regime.
More than ever, peace, security and balance represent a particularly important challenge for our time and an essential imperative in the building of a world guaranteeing the development of nations in universal harmony.
In this regard, we welcome the invitation of Belgrade to the Mission to join in the search for a solution to the issues related to the opening of two new border crossings in the eastern part of Kosovo and Montenegro and Macedonia.
Accordingly, the United Kingdom fully supports the “standards before”.
I associate myself with the Council's members to thank Mr. Annabi for his briefing and the information he has provided.
India will be able to provide additional information on its observations and will participate in the discussions to resolve the problems raised.
Draft report of the Commission
At its 269th meeting, on 14 February 2003, the Committee re-elected Mr. Papa Louis Fall (Senegal) Chairman, Mr. Bruno Rodríguez Parrilla (Cuba) and Ravan A. G. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) Vice-Chairmen and Mr. Walter Balzan (Malta) Rapporteur.
These include continued to modernize the technical components of the system in order to ensure the continued presence of the Internet, including through the “Question of Palestine” of UNISPAL on the United Nations web page under “Peace and security”, and to strengthen its collection by adding documents both new and old.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.2
1.15-2.30 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
4845th meeting Threats to international peace and security caused by terrorist acts
But before they give the floor, I would like to make some introductory remarks at the time that Japan takes the presidency of the Conference.
The Development Policy Committee was expected to consider the issue at its next meeting in September 2003.
The Committee was informed that the Secretary-General would address this issue in a report to the General Assembly shortly.
Ms. Gabr would like to know more on the vision of France for the future of special measures.
It covers the past period since the first report of ISAF III, and also provides the final assessment of ISAF's action in accordance with the command of ISAF.
Comment.
(iii) The decision taken by the Secretary-General on this recommendation is not possible.
(6) The idea that the unilateral act is in principle of a single State seems to be a prima facie point.
Mr. Raytvv (Bulgaria): Like previous speakers, I would like to begin by thanking the United States and British delegations for their full briefings on the situation in Iraq.
That is why combating desertification and mitigation of the effects of drought through sustainable development policies represent a major challenge at the global level.
The socio-economic aspects are complex and difficult to identify.
The programme has so far focused on authentication of nuclear warheads and their components.
Facts and contentions
29F.21 The objectives and expected accomplishments will be met if the Secretariat's services to the United Nations Office at Vienna provide support to the Human Resources Management Section and cooperate fully with the implementation of human resources management reform.
We support the idea of promoting, under the auspices of the United Nations, a comprehensive drug control strategy based on close cooperation between interested parties and the Afghan Interim Administration.
Coordination mechanisms between the Guatemalan authorities and the Mexican authorities were defined in the security plan between Mexico and Guatemala.
The countries of the region were studying all the implications of such a establishment.
Ms. Mammadova (Azerbaijan), taking note of the fact that Armenia had implemented all the provisions of the relevant Security Council resolutions, requested that it is the primary requirement of the Council concerning immediate withdrawal and without a condition of the Armenian armed forces of the territory of the Territory.
Promotion of multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation
Finally, I urged the parties to respect human rights and international humanitarian law and to cooperate in the immediate and unconditional implementation of the Pretoria Agreement.
Economic and environmental questions
The briefing, organized by the United Nations Information and Communication Technologies Group, will be held on Monday, 3 November 2003, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Security Council Daily informal briefings
The commitment of the Kosovo Self-Government authorities is crucial to breaking the power of this crime and is the result of concrete results that we will try to exercise their capacity to exercise their responsibilities.
While the situation is changing to a return to peace, UNRWA will need to address the requirements of the transition of a conflict to a recovery and development phase, and to launch a similar special fund to the General Assembly for its implementation of the Peace Implementation Programme following the signing of the Oslo Accords.
(ii) A decrease of $300,000 for the maintenance of premises, due to non-payment of the budgeted amount for 2002-2003;
1.79 Ali The health policy and service delivery standards for the host authorities in order to maximize the use of resources and avoid duplication of work and priority conflicts.
Preventing and combating diseases
1.14 The increase in the utilization of computers and automation of the work of the Office.
Table 15 Operational and technical services: resource requirements by category of expenditure
Improving the status of women in rural areas
- To keep the word “technical” after the word “support” in the first line and insert the word “and” after the word “technical” to be read as follows: “technical and effective”.
(d) To ensure that the different institutional actors are taking into account the values of public service, particularly in the area of honesty, sound management of resources, transparency of decisions, evaluation, accountability, accountability and commitment to citizens.
Decides to improve the implementation of the measures imposed in paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), paragraph 8 (c) of resolution 1333 (2000) and paragraphs 1 and 2 of resolution 1390 (2002);
Any action taken for indigenous peoples should be based on two principles.
We are in a position, and we are now seeking to bring Côte d'Ivoire to work and to resume our activities, as in the past, and in concert with all neighbouring countries of the subregion.
It would lead to accountability to improve the credibility of the United Nations.
The Export Authority is invited, prior to validation of a certificate, to require the exporter that it presents a declaration that rough diamonds are not diamonds of blood.
Other progress has been made by the following:
(c) To review the recommendation of the Board of Auditors to ensure that the Registrar is working to reduce the costs by appointing staff members in close proximity to the seat of the Tribunal, in view of the international character of the Tribunal, and to make recommendations thereon;
The Office of the Prosecutor should address the issue of late communication of evidence.
According to the Under-Secretary-General, the peace process and the arms collection programme had experienced delays and the process of destruction of weapons.
It was also stated that the distinction between contractual and real aspects in this regard was fundamental and could not be ignored.
In accordance with the decision taken by the Committee at its first session, a pre-sessional working group met in Geneva from 3 to 7 February 2003.
Respect for the views of the child
(f) To devote more resources, financial and human resources, specialized education, including vocational training and assistance to families of children with disabilities;
(a) To develop a set of measures to update the implementation of the provisions of the Convention on children and the parents (including initiatives to reach persons who are illiterate or not received from school education), civil society and all sectors and levels of government, including, inter alia, hospitals;
(d) The difficulties that continue to raise awareness of parents to their responsibilities.
In the light of article 25 of the Convention, the Committee suggests that the State party establish effective periodic review of treatment under the child and other circumstances relating to its placement.
It was therefore to know how approaches to strengthen and improve the enjoyment of human rights and its control related to persons with disabilities.
On 19 September 2003, the Prime Minister of Ethiopia sent to the Secretary-General Mr. Kofi Annan, a letter describing the decision as “illegal, unjust and irresponsible”, and rejecting the demarcation process.
New York
Figure 10.
The reform of the United Nations as such should not be our ultimate goal.
The most recent statistics established by the Electoral Assistance Division confirmed the comments made in previous reports (A/54/491 and A/56/344) that technical assistance provided by the United Nations system remained the form of the most commonly requested assistance.
I hope that you will support the updated aide-memoire as a tool to reflect the evolution of priorities on protection and that it would be useful to the Security Council in its efforts to ensure that the needs and rights of civilians in the protection of protection are reflected in the resolutions and relevant mandates of the Security Council.
In this regard, I would like to mention the very important resolution 1502 (2003) submitted by Mexico and adopted by the Council during the Syrian presidency of the Council in August on the protection of United Nations personnel, associated personnel and humanitarian personnel in conflict areas.
The civilian populations must not be taken hostage by violent factions trying to deprive them of their access to humanitarian assistance.
The Board's recommendations are verified by the secretariat of the Fund in accordance with the relevant rules of the United Nations, and then submitted to the High Commissioner for approval on behalf of the Secretary-General.
Reaffirms the importance of the decision taken in the fourth session of the Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization on the review, through the Council on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, which affects trade, links between the Agreement on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights and the Convention on Biological Diversity, as well as the protection of traditional knowledge;
Stressing the importance of the Special Court for Sierra Leone and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to take effective measures to address impunity and responsibility and promote reconciliation,
The Security Council has repeatedly emphasized the importance of making this process.
At the invitation of the President, Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) took a seat at the Council table; Mr. Galaldo (Colombia), Mr. Ali (Republic of Korea), Mr. Kolby (Norway), Mr. Manalo (Philippines), Mr. Ch. (Republic of Korea), Mr. Aliov (Tajaj), Mr. Kichinsky (Ukraine) and Mr. Vhirov (Uajistan), Mr. Kuchinsky (Ukraine) and Mr. Vhirov ( Uzbekistan) took the seats reserved for their seats on the side of the Council Chamber.
I would like to emphasize three points concerning the drug situation in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank the Government of the United Kingdom for the generous and continued contribution he plays to lead to the fight against narcotics.
States cannot act in isolation with this problem.
(d) Effective risk management systems and internal control; and
States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to accelerate the procedures for extradition and simplify the evidentiary requirements relating to the offences that apply to the present article.
(i) Identity and activities of persons suspected of involvement in such offences, where they are located or where there are other persons concerned;
The preparatory work will indicate that this article has not intended to require the continuation of minor offences.
The requested State Party should consider granting a final judgement in cases where the judgement may be obtained by the author of the offence may be prosecuted for death, flight or absence or other appropriate circumstances.
At the end of 2001, the Office of Internal Audit has adopted a directive prepared with the support of the Office of Programme for Programme, which was related to the systematic review of the oversight mechanisms of country offices with respect to funds, other resources for resources and reporting to donors on the use of funds.
Each centre organizes three-year training courses in collaboration with national authorities, including the Inter-Parliamentary Union, the World Bank of Cities and Local Authorities, the Latin American Cities Federation, municipalities and associations, the Regional Network of Local Authorities and Local Authorities, the Latin American Cities Federation, municipalities and associations, the Regional Network of Local Authorities for Human Settlements Management and the Municipal Development Programme, and private companies such as Bcatel, Total, Dexia and seventy.
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603; tel.
I would also like to say that the principle of self-determination was maintained as a basic principle for negotiations.
(f) The status of programmes of destruction of anti-personnel mines referred to in articles 4 and 5, including information on methods that will be used for destruction, location of all sites of destruction and the norms of security and protection of the environment.”
The Internet is the following: http://disarmament.un.org/MineBan.nsf.
Informal “informal” consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.18 entitled “External debt debt and development” (item 91 (e)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Guatemala)
From September 2000 to April 2003, at least 1273 Palestinians have seen their homes demolished by the Israeli military forces that invaded cities with tanks, armoured armoured vehicles and helicopters and destroyed houses of explosives while their inhabitants were still.
The cooperation of Member States is therefore essential in that struggle.
On this point, I do not fall in detail.
Madam President, I thank you for convening this meeting, I also thank Ambassador Muñoz, Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), his very comprehensive report and its concrete proposals to improve the work of the Committee.
We welcome the report of the Monitoring Group established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) and emphasized the threat to a return to Al-Qaida.
Finally, she said that it would ensure that the Secretariat take into account the concerns expressed by the representative of Spain regarding the transmission of information on the financial situation of INSTRAW.
Provisional agenda for the 4766th meeting of the Security Council
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.7/Rev.1 (programme budget implications: A/C.2/58/L.43), A/C.2/58/L.15 and A/C.2/58/L.60
Signature: Poland (10 December 2003)
A/C.5/58/27 Item 121 -- Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 -- Administrative and financial implications of the proposals contained in the report of the Standing Committee of the Joint Staff Pension Board -- Report of the Secretary-General [A C E F R S]
Many countries have provided examples of other official statistics, which develop and publish statistics in their own area of activity.
Nairobi, 5-9 May 2003
It remains firmly committed to fulfilling its obligations under the Treaty and agreements to the 1995 Review Conferences and 2000 and calls for the speedy and full implementation of 13 practical measures agreed at the 2000 Conference.
ICRC and other organizations often use radio and television to inform civilians of the presence and dangers of explosive remnants of war immediately after the cessation of active hostilities, where civilian casualties are often high.
Summary prepared by the Chairman
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
None.
[Subsequently, the delegation of the Lao People's Democratic Republic informed the Secretariat that it had intended to abstain.
Reaffirming the importance of ensuring universality, objectivity and non-selectivity of the consideration of human rights issues, as reaffirmed by the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted on 25 June 1993 by the World Conference on Human Rights,
The unfortunate incident of Gilayin, on 30 May 2003, had a influence on many conclusions of the interim report of the Special Rapporteur (A/58/219).
Clearly, the completion of the peace process will allow the parties to address humanitarian issues arising from the protracted drought and the effects of a long-term conflict.
Nepal therefore urged the High Commissioner to consider this issue more comprehensively.
CONTENTS (continued)
Article 11
Article 3
When the discussions are limited and a member or a representative exceeds the time allotted, the President shall immediately remind him to the order.
(a) To suspend the meeting;
Article 87
Article 98
Provisional agenda for regular sessions
The reports, formal decisions and other official documents of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies relating to articles 20, 21 and 22 of the Convention are distributed by the secretariat to all members of the Committee and the parties concerned and, in accordance with the Committee's decision, members of its subsidiary bodies and other interested beneficiaries.
States parties shall submit to the Committee, through the Secretary-General, reports on the measures taken to give effect to their commitments under this Convention, within one year of the entry into force of the Convention for the State party concerned.
In the exercise of their mandate, the rapporteurs may, with the agreement of the Committee, undertake visits to the State party concerned.
In the exercise of its functions, the President remains under the authority of the Committee.
Article 71
The acts of systematic violence in the Mambasa-Komanda region were committed during three different periods:
On 12 October, members of the Institute have entered into force in the prison of Mambasa.
All persons who have been interviewed confirmed that there were many cases of rape of girls, including some of the age of 10 years.
It is on the basis of the report of the Team that a new trial was opened on 27 suspects of the Union's forces.
Global safety crisis
Once established, this entity is subject to a series of sanctions imposed under the law on the Suppression of Terrorism.
A group of experts, including representatives of various countries and the Pacific organizations and assisted by two editors, New Zealand and Australia, is currently preparing the model provisions.
Early review of the review of the reclassification of the benefits
Their role should be clarified and the powers and responsibilities of them are better defined.
Of the 42.8 million dollars for the operation of the financial period ended 30 June 2002, only 28.4 million, or 66 per cent of total, had been disbursed at the end of the financial period.
OIOS recommended that the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in the United Nations system of the United Nations system at its fifty-third session and to ensure that the necessary requirements are to ensure that the use of the use of the working environment is to ensure that the use of the use of the use of the work of the United Nations system is to be implemented by the General Assembly.
The Advisory Committee further recommended that the Board of Auditors undertake an assessment of the capacity and professional skills required to OIOS in order to ensure internal audit services of the Fund's administrative and investment activities, as well as the generally accepted standards for the internal audit of pension funds, and to report on the evaluation at its next audit on the biennium 2002-2003.
(b) Survey of the misuse of a computer computer
Financial institutions are required to regularly notify suspicious commercial transactions and monitor any irregularities.
Having considered the report with the assistance of its experts, the Counter-Terrorism Committee wrote to the Permanent Representative of Guinea to the United Nations to share its preliminary comments.
This offence is committed by any person who organizes or knowingly knowingly enter into the national territory of a person who is known, or a good reason to assume that it is a clandestine immigrant or the intention to seek asylum.
The number of women in official and local positions at the national and local levels, as well as the level of participation of women in previous tables.
- The establishment of official committees in the institutions to assess the situation of women and to report.
13.3 The Government is committed to providing a broad pension scheme as possible as possible as possible as possible, as well as the fact that people who cease professional activities to assume family responsibilities are likely to be disadvantaged in social security.
Chapter 8 of the Charter highlights the provisions of the Domestic Violence Act, 1996 (Act of 1996 on Violence in Family Affairs), which, inter alia, deals with appeals of prohibition and judgements of protection and provides the Garda large powers of arrest in cases of domestic violence.
The next revision of the Charter will focus on the possibility of refusing formally to use information services.
Stressing that the elimination of apartheid, all forms of racism, racial discrimination, colonialism, New Caledonia, aggression, occupation and foreign domination and interference in the internal affairs of States is indispensable for the full enjoyment by human beings and women of their rights,
Article 12
States parties shall accord to men and women the same rights in relation to the law on the right of persons to freedom freely and to choose their residence and domicile.
Workshops
It could also request the Working Group to cooperate closely with the Working Group IV (Electronic Commerce) on the aspects of procurement legislation that relate to electronic commerce.
- Request for information under article 44 (1) of the Banking Act in relation to the terrorist attacks of 11 September 2001 against institutions to the United States (Runchchreberen_15_2001)
At its 30th meeting, on 23 December 2003, the Commission decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly:
While these events have limited GDP growth in the region, the uncertainty that they have created in most of the regions of the region, where the overall trend in 2002 was declining with few minor cases.
Such plans include improvements, the establishment of early warning systems and the preparation of continuous communications between areas and communities to disasters and the authorities.
UNESCO, ICI and several agencies affiliated with the latter would encourage the conservation of biological diversity in the context that remote sensing and GIS will take place.
The various issues were discussed in thematic discussions and draft resolutions were submitted and discussed at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-1).
Noting with interest the recent jurisprudence of the European Court of Human Rights, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights and the African Commission on Human Rights and Peoples, concerning the prohibition of forced evictions,
Welcomes that the Representative of the Secretary-General continues to call on the Guiding Principles on Displacement within their own countries in its dialogue with Governments and intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations and with other relevant actors, and requests its efforts to contribute to the dissemination, promotion and implementation of the Guiding Principles;
In November, UNMIL focused on preparing its deployment within the country.
The remuneration of both other judges is planned in the proposed budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Trial Section
Elections will be re-elected, including presidential, legislative and municipal elections.
See communication No. 167/1984, Chief Ominayak and the Lake Tron v. Canada, Views adopted on 26 March 1990, Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/45/40), vol. II, annex IX, para.
Bangladesh is under a large part of civil and criminal procedures established during the British regime.
He published and disseminated throughout the country of fascicles explaining the procedure to monitor and the need for a registration of births and marriages in order to raise awareness of the public and to obtain active cooperation.
In its development plans, the Government has implemented a gender perspective.
Encourages the Secretary-General, through the Electoral Assistance Division, to continue to take into account developments in the nature of requests for assistance, as well as the increasing need for certain types of specialized assistance to support and strengthen the capacity of the Government of the requesting country, in particular the capacity of electoral institutions;
Ms. Morvai asked whether the minimum age of marriage is the same for men and women and was at least 18 years.
UNDP intends to provide greater support to the national reconciliation process, restoring social cohesion and economic and social recovery.
Nigeria endorsed the views expressed by the Secretary-General in paragraph 49 of its report on globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of human rights (A/58/257); it also emphasizes that globalization does not adequately reflect the human component, interdependence of economies not reflected the right to employment.
His country continues to strive to improve cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia.
Article 48: Cooperation between national authorities
For the text as adopted, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/11.
At the closing date of the sixty-third session of the Committee, 43 of 169 States parties to the Convention had made the declaration set out in article 14, paragraph 1, of that instrument.
Report of the Committee
However, the periodic report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in the field of cultural rights in the districts are particularly concentrated in the Greek minority and Macedonian minorities.
They affirm that there had been a violation by Denmark of article 2, paragraph 1, and articles 4 and 6 of the Convention.
The complainant claims, in support of this assertion, that, as a decision of the High Court of the Eastern region, dated 5 February 1999, an incident of racial discrimination is not in itself a violation of the honour and reputation of a person in the sense of article 26 of the Civil Liability Act.
“The President,
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 39 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, and Mr. Peter Piot, Executive Director of the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS.
Monday, 17 November 2003
Item 63 (b) of the provisional agenda*
Instrument for standardized international reporting of military expenditures
Switzerland
The Committee recommends that the report be submitted to the future in the context of the proposed programme budget.
A description of the work will be provided in section B.3.1, with information on example, the effects of GHG emissions and the type of technology used (for example, building, production, production).
Environmental impacts, economic and socio-economic impacts
The Chairman announced that Costa Rica joined the draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.56/Rev.1.
Against:
The above-mentioned problem would help to address this problem.
The provision of capacity-building in developing countries, in the form of new and additional financial resources, transfer of technology for energy and capacity-building.
Participants at the Third Water Forum, held in Japan, have developed a plan of action to identify a number of projects in the world and to establish a network of web sites to accelerate water activities.
(a) In the annex to the present document a breakdown of expenditures relating to these activities.
24.61 The amount of $2,955,200, as follows:
Noting also the central role of the United Nations system as well as its capacity and experience in the coordination of assistance in conflict and post-conflict situations, among others, on the protection and respect of human rights,
Resource requirements (before recosting): $458,000
Budget
On 21 March 2003, the Working Group resumed its work and adopted, at its 15th meeting, the final recommendations without a vote.
Article 103 states that the elections shall be held by secret ballot, unless the Commission decides otherwise, in the case of a election to a post not only one candidate.
(ii) One representative from a Asian State;
(c) Strengthening international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study and mitigate the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster
At its fifty-sixth session, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session a report on the status and management of straddling fish stocks and highly migratory fish stocks, and the impact of the Secretary-General on the requirements of Part VII of the Agreement on the needs of States in developing countries, which takes into account existing arrangements and assistance to developing States in areas related to the Agreement, which includes various forms of assistance (resolution 56/13).
At its fifty-fifth session, the General Assembly adopted the Millennium Declaration (resolution 55/2) and, under agenda items “Strengthening of the United Nations system” and “Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly”, decided to consider the question of all two years from its fifty-sixth session (resolution 55/285).
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects
World Solidarity Fund
Promotion of youth employment
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly took note of the further progress made by the United Nations system for children affected by armed conflict and the Secretary-General to submit to the Commission on Human Rights the reports provided by the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict to submit and submit to the Commission on Human Rights reports providing useful information on the situation of children affected by armed conflict, taking into account the mandates and reports of the relevant bodies (resolution 57/190, sect. V and VII).
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2005.
We therefore urge the international community to increase its contributions to the Fund.
That is why the responsibility of the results and relevance of the General Assembly and other United Nations bodies are the only Member States, no reform should be able to address this situation, as those who are in a position to decide to resolve the work we are all of us.
The Millennium Declaration and the Monterrey conferences on the financing of development and the Johannesburg Summit on Sustainable Development have attracted great hope in the international community, particularly with the developing countries to see the advent of a stable, just and united socio-economic order.
This aim can be achieved by a multilateral and comprehensive approach and the development of transparent strategies that would allow us to release the world of nuclear weapons.
• Sports of sports in various types of national sports, support for schools, sections and sports clubs for children and young people and the acquisition of sports materials.
The programme of awareness-raising for Latin America and the Caribbean, which responds to the needs of the poor poor communities, continued to focus on developing innovative information and education tools and to forge partnerships.
It is chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and the Director of the Strategy secretariat as the Secretary-General.
The barriers that limit access to markets, including increases and inflation rates limit exports of developing countries.
On 3 May 2000, the Economic and Social Council elected the Committee for a three-year period, beginning 1 January 2001, from the representatives of Burundi, Cape Verde, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, the Netherlands and the Republic of Moldova.
Please indicate the legal basis, with a brief description of laws, regulations and/or procedures, which, in your country, to control transfers of such funds or assets to persons and entities identified, including:
It is also necessary that the Council strengthen the political framework of the peace process — with a word forward to the momentum of the peace process, which is a good progress, as I have so far, but that we need to be released on them.
We believe that it is important for someone to become more urgent.
We appreciate the recent establishment of an ad hoc advisory group on Guinea-Bissau in the Economic and Social Council, which Brazil participates.
The meeting of the Security Council on 22 October 2002 on strengthening cooperation between the United Nations system and the Central African region for the maintenance of peace and security, which led to the presidential statement of 31 October 2002 (S/PRST/2002/31).
]
(Signed) Carol Bellamy Executive Director of the United Nations Children's Fund
Item 119 (c) of the preliminary list*
Mr. Powell recalled that “The Council has placed on Iraq's burden to fulfil its obligations and to disarm, not on the inspectors to find that Iraq has sought to hide since long time.
It is normal that there is a multitude of information related to the organization and the administration of these sites and that no link or the mandate of the inspection teams or the weapons of mass destruction.
I invite Mr. Sharma to take a seat at the Council table.
The unequal situation with regard to counterparts that could be provided, taking into account the lack of expertise that the Timorese society inherited, represents another constraint.
The majority of East-Timor has continued to practise a subsistence farming with the means of extremely sound production.
Even though our bilateral relations to all levels, we urge the international community, as well as the United Nations to provide support for this process.
First, many comments were made on the judicial system.
The President of the Court of Appeal should therefore be sworn in the course of the week.
(b) The project database is divided into two sections - United Nations projects and projects by non-governmental organizations, regional organizations or Governments; it contains descriptions of projects and indicate the needs for funding;
(e) 1.17 The term “performing party” means a person other than the carrier that is liable to comply with a contract of carriage for carriage, handling, custody or storage of goods, in the extent that it act, directly or indirectly, to the request of the carrier or under the supervision or control of the grantor, irrespective of whether it is a party to the contract of carriage, which is identified or liable under this contract of legal responsibility.
The definition of definitions was amended in accordance with that suggestion.
The Working Group may also wish to consider the possibility of adding a paragraph 1 bis to Variant C, which would read as follows: “1 bis.
On the other hand, it is interesting to note that, although politically sensitive, this measure has been implemented more than one third of Member States, including some high-income countries, to limit the spread of HIV through the exchange of contaminated trees.
Most of the police systems that provide registries in accordance with the Schengen Agreement of the Schengen Agreement operate as a basis for a national database accessible by the Internet and is fully operational, either in the test phase.
Thirdly, we must mobilize all our forces at times.
Haiti was one of the first countries to sign a donation agreement with the Global Fund.
The National AIDS Council has established mechanisms through decentralized systems to help people infected and affected.
Like most countries in the region, Zimbabwe depends mainly on donor support for HIV/AIDS programmes, but that support has declined since 1999.
Therefore, the President of the Republic has enacted a law which defines the responsibility of the Chilean State in relation to AIDS prevention and is the objective of promoting prevention and non-discrimination against persons living with the disease.
Venezuela had benefited from the development of cooperation with UNIDO in areas such as pollution pollution, agro-industries and timber industry, investment promotion, exports and technology.
The practical implementation of projects under this general framework calls for a resolute effort to mobilize the necessary resources.
Situation of human rights in the occupied territories
The Working Group supported this recommendation and recommended that the financial implications, 447 836 euros are included in the programme budget for 2004 under the overall programme of programme 4, Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties.
Adoption of the agenda
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: international migration and development
Urges States to ensure that any person brought to a court or a court within their jurisdiction under the right to be present in his trial and to defend the right of a defender of his choice;
In 2001, a Ministry for Gender Equality, which continues to evolve, has seen the day.
In view of the contribution of women in the economic and social sectors, it is necessary to adopt policies to address social, economic and cultural problems that must be addressed.
The International Organization for Migration (IMO) has made the fight against trafficking in one of its priorities and collaborates with various United Nations bodies and bodies.
Pakistan welcomes the progress already made in this regard and calls for the implementation, in this regard, procedures relating to the basic safety standards of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), in the context of these principles.
Mr. Tan (Singapore) said that the outcome of the recent Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization (WTO) held at Cancun, and regrets the lack of agreement on the reduction of tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which would have generated 500 billion from the United States dollar for the rich and poor countries, and contributed to a reduction in poverty about 14 million people by 2015.
If nothing is done, the injustice of economic globalization will turn to the problems of the third world on the first, and poverty, terrorism and the disease have also become increasingly interdependent.
The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya had proposed to overcome the problems that impede development, both in urban and rural areas and in the desert, but its task is complicated by the presence of mines on its territory.
The tragic fate of the Aral Sea is one of the problems that arise.
Mr. Beser (Philippines) said that the full support of the General Assembly in the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action is an important step towards the eradication of racial discrimination.
The Philippines therefore hopes that the international protection of migrant workers, especially migrant workers, are most vulnerable to discrimination.
In order to provide a fair and rational means of what can reasonably be presumed in relation to a description of the goods provided by the shipper, it should amend the instrument as proposed in paragraphs 153 and 154 of the commentary.
They are often involved in the assistance of relevant services of other countries.
The General Assembly,
Travel and subsistence allowances for activities outside the Organization
(fancelled)
Rule 207.18 Expenditures during the medium-up period
(iv) Where the education facility is too distant to be able to make a daily day, the region where the staff member is vacant and that the Secretary-General is not in this area of school that should be the child, the amount of compensation is calculated at the same rate as those specified in subparagraphs (i) or (ii) above.
The delegation of the United States could not support the proposal for the consolidation of peacekeeping operations, which is incompatible with the Financial Regulations and Rules and the risk of reducing the control of the General Assembly in each mission.
She would like to inform the Secretariat that it had done so to recruit local staff posts in the Force, in accordance with relevant resolutions.
Tuesday, 15 April 2003
FAO, in total, participated in 66 projects relating to mangroves in 35 countries.
Group of the South-West Caribbean region:
(d) There is a need for the implementation of the projects that have been implemented (the results, the possible outcome of which had been given, etc.) and to disseminate lessons learned from these experiences.
Contents
Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, it will be inferred from the amounts to apportion between Member States in accordance with paragraphs 26 and 27 above, as follows:
During the reporting period, a new Government has been installed in Afghanistan with the assistance of the international community.
The elimination of these obstacles is the case of all and looks forward to a more active commitment of the international community.
This expansion of the programme of work is difficult for the work of the Commission with the parallel initiatives of various organizations in areas such as e-commerce, dispute settlement, insolvency, transport law, security rights and infrastructure.
Sixth Committee
It supports the continued work on both draft anti-terrorism conventions, which should be completed quickly.
The roster of the roster is as follows:
Follow-up to the implementation of the resolution must be made in a climate of transparency, integrity and confidence.
Recalling paragraph 10 of its resolution 56/293 of 27 June 2002,
The Committee welcomes the second periodic report of Venezuela, which should be submitted in August 1996, was received in September 2000 and updated in September 2002.
(e) To adopt measures to improve the physical conditions of detention in prison facilities and to avoid violence between prisoners and the use of violence against detainees by prison personnel.
2.4 At the same time, the Ljubo Radoovic in Bozova Glaica in order to say his people in the Republic of the Republic of the Congo.
The positive obligations arising from the first sentence of article 16 of the Convention include the obligation to grant reparation and compensation to victims of an act in the meaning of that provision.
4.6 The State party also notes that, at any time, the complainant has provided details of the torture he would have suffered.
He claims that his return to Sri Lanka would constitute a violation by the Netherlands of article 3 of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
The Committee has ascertained, as it is necessary to act in accordance with article 22, paragraph 5, of the Convention, that the same question was not considered and is not under consideration at any other international investigation or settlement forum.
2.2 Upon his arrest, the Spanish authorities requested a first time of extradition, but it was subsequently withdrawn because of a mistake on the person.
(b) The contentious declaration should be an essential element of the application of the author's communication;
5.4 In relation to the elements that support the allegations that Mr. Azurmen had made his statements under torture, the complainant refers to a report of the CPT on the specific period when the contentious statements took place and according to that:
The complainant's grandfather is not the mother of the mother of Abdullah Öcalan.
1.3 By note verbale dated 8 November 2002, the State party submitted its observations on the admissibility and merits of the complaint; he also requested the Committee to withdraw its request for interim measures in accordance with article 108 of its rules of procedure.
With respect to the extradition of Spain, the Federal Office of Justice had accepted de facto evidence by torture.
No further clarification is given to these problems.
The number of countries responding: 65.
In the meantime, it is likely that it is likely to be too difficult in this area because there is a risk to raise contradictions and inconsistencies with various international law regimes.
The meeting rose at 4 p.m.
The framework for the maintenance of peace and the settlement of the conflict in Abkhazia, Georgia, would justify this change.
Observer status in the General Assembly in the General Assembly (A/58/232 and A/C.6/58/L.3)
4837th meeting The situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The Statistics Division is working closely with UNDP in the following areas: compilation and analysis of indicators, respect for definitions and agreed standards and requirements.
The first research work has already yielded solid results and resulted in specific proposals on research and development.
i.
Stresses the essential role that political and political leaders and political parties can play in strengthening democracy in combating racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and encourages political parties to take concrete measures to promote solidarity, tolerance and respect;
E/CN.4/2003/L.11/Add.4
The relevance refers to the extent that a activity is consistent with national objectives or is within the framework of these objectives.
This will therefore be the most likely to gain if the objectives are met, but also they will be the most vulnerable to the local level.
The Convention on Offences and Certain Other Acts Committed on board Aircraft, signed at Tokyo on 14 September 1963.
Section II deals with the ongoing political and legislative processes and new institutional arrangements adopted in New Caledonia.
The second project is a joint venture by the South-Pacific Mining Network (SMSP), controlled by the Kaks, and the Canadian company of Falconbridge with a view to building an atmosphere in the North Province to address the nickel from Koniambo mountains.
At the same time, the number of visitors coming from New Zealand dropped from 34 per cent and from Japan from 2 per cent.
At the 3rd meeting of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), on 1 October 2002, the representative of Papua New Guinea, said that, as a result of the good will of all concerned parties, the review of the issues of New Caledonia and Western Sahara should be made forward.
Radio Australia, 24 April 2002.
The procedure would take place over four weeks, from which a decision was taken to resume operations in Iraq.
With regard to chemical weapons, Iraq's production facilities were largely destroyed or damaged by aerial bombardment in 1991.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, questions relating to refugees, returnees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions: report of the Third Committee (A/58/503)
Fifty-eighth session
Action taken
In particular, it provided a detailed analytical commentary to the project, which was published as a working paper of its Working Group (A/CN.9/WG.III/WP.21/Add.1, UNCTAD/SDTE/TL/4).
The estimates for civilian staff for the 2003/04 period, which covers 24 international staff, 282 national staff and 88 United Nations Volunteers, amount to 281,314,900, representing a decrease of $4,938,300 (14,9 per cent) compared with the apportionment for the 2002/03 biennium.
(a) Financial mechanism: financing for the Kyoto Protocol;
Noting in particular the importance of the major countries that produce or working in diamonds in the process of self-regulation in the Kimberley Process,
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
In addition, the new proposals, although the new proposals, are not only inapplicable and the long-term cycle of reporting cycle, but still likely to avoid the simplification of processes, but their share of a new level of work, increasing the task of recipient countries and other actors.
He cooperated with the United Nations and contributed to the implementation of various decisions of the bodies, by making its comments and observations on the request of various United Nations agencies, by organizing conferences and seminars, publishing books and brochures on certain issues discussed by the United Nations system and by conducting persuasion.
Table 1 provides a comparison of the requirements for the biennium 2004-2005 (at the biennium 2004-2005 and the revised amounts for the biennium 2002-2003 to the General Assembly approved by its resolution 57/23 of 20 December 2002 and the actual amount of expenditure and income for the biennium 2000-2001.
The Committee therefore recommends that a first report be produced, in a pilot manner, to be submitted to the General Assembly during the first part of its fifty-ninth session.
One D-2, Director, Office of the Ombudsman (ibid.).
The requirements for travel costs for 2004-2005 are estimated at $2,300,300 (before recosting) or $749,800 for 2002-2003.
Section 26 Palestine refugees
In the future, it should be explained that, in the programme narratives, the distribution of posts between Headquarters and regional offices and the regular budget and extrabudgetary resources should be explained.
Procurement of firearms and explosives carried out in the private market must be denounced to the prosecutor, the head of violation of the Federal Law on Firearms and Explosives, and are punishable by imprisonment and a fine, as well as the confiscation of firearms and explosives;
Conduct
The Committee also notes with appreciation the detailed written replies submitted by the State party to its list of issues (E/C.12/Q/I/2).
(l) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic and collecting small arms (resolution 57/70 of 22 November 2002);
Recalling the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction and Measures to strengthen international cooperation to address the global drug problem, adopted by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session,
Opening and duration of the session
Entities represented by observers
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 121.
At the two sessions, additional information was requested on UNCITRAL seminars.
CONTENTS (continued)
3.1 The author asserts that his son is victim of a violation of articles 7 and 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights because the day of his arrest and other opportunities before his trial has suffered serious ill-treatment and because the inhuman conditions in which he is detained.
3.1 The author asserts that the persistence of the Czech Republic, including the Czech Constitutional Court, to refuse recognition and to declare that law No. 143/1947 is a discriminatory law and that it is as a single and without effect, constitutes a arbitrary, discriminatory and unconstitutional violation of the author's right to enjoy any study of its heritage and property, including its right to restitution and compensation.
3.6 The author also alleges that there had been violation of article 14, paragraph 2, that a violation of paragraphs 1 and 3 of the same article, which may deprive accused of a fair trial, is also a violation of the presumption of innocence.
6.3 With regard to the question of exhaustion of domestic remedies, the Committee took note of the State party's arguments that, in a first time, that the author's dispute was not outside the jurisdiction of the courts, and in a second time, that, under the new Labour Code of 1 January 2000, a remedy could now be introduced to the courts.
The State party argues that the author's allegations are contradictory.
The reasoning of the Committee in this decision stemmed from a interpretation of the Covenant that article 6 (1) was read in conjunction with paragraph 2 of this article, which does not prohibit the imposition of the death penalty for the most serious crimes.
The same day, the author's counsel also submitted a request for cassation, which was rejected by the President of the Supreme Court of the Supreme Court on 8 December 1995.
4.12 Therefore, the author has not exhausted domestic remedies and that part of the communication should be declared inadmissible under article 5, paragraph 2 (b), of the Optional Protocol.
3.1 The author claims that his rights were violated, since he was arrested and charged without any evidence of his involvement in criminal activity and was gross by the police at the time of his arrest.
In its appeal statement, the author requested the revision of the evidence that it considered as a mistake.
With regard to the applicability of the limitation requirement, in relation to the application of the Constitutional Tribunal and the criminal procedure, the author states that, in both cases, it was impossible under the unconstitutional regime in place at the time of committing prosecutions against the perpetrators of political dissidents in the prescribed time frames.
In view of the fact that the State party did not have a violation of this complaint, it has provided no relevant information on how to take place in the prison sentences, it should be accorded sufficient credit to the author's allegation.
4.16 Thereafter, the State party argues that the author has not shown that the State's action has been an interference in its family.
6.2 With respect to the prolonged length of the period before the trial, the Committee notes that the dates for determining, in the case of review, the length of delay were the dates of the author's arrest and his trial and not the dates of the author, namely the date of alleged crime, or the date of murder, and the date of the beginning of the trial.
It is not in place to use only the documents available to the case of the case and may take into account the elements that were not known when the initial decision was delivered.
It also considers that the State party has not been entitled to assert that it would not have been entitled to a pension under article 13 of the Act on the Compensation of Former combatants and affirms that none of the two bodies to review its requests has no doubts regarding his ability to meet the criteria set out in the various paragraphs of article 13.
5.2 With regard to the jurisdiction ratione temporis of the Committee, the author considers that it is a victim of a violation of article 7 because they are not always the person in question.
Witnesses
It argues that Peru's judges would be able to take the rule of unconstitutionality if they had before them a complaint that the decree was not applicable to the author's son.
According to the author, this time is not starting from the notification of the judgment, but the last notice of the judgement.
The International Organization for Migration also provides assistance to the voluntary return of detainees in those regions.
On 11 August 2000, the Court postponed the review of this request.
The authors referred to the decision of HREOC in the extent that it has an assessment of the facts, which, in which the Commissioner's argument, has taken a false decision.
2.3 On 25 April 1995, the author requested the Minister of the Interior to cancel the decisions of the committees and to return to the police.
The authors have before them justice in the case of Tamil, Aentiund in 1997 and Korssojjell and the requests for expropriation filed by the authors in the last two cases, but they have not made a request for expropriation in the first of these cases.
On 5 January 2000, the author and the owner were associated with the District of Fjord Western Western District, with reference to the judgment rendered by the Supreme Court in the Valdivieso, that paragraph 2 of article 7 of the Fisheries Management Act was contrary to articles 65 (Right to equal equality) and 75 (breedom of employment) of the Constitution.
For example, the Human Rights Committee, in its general comment No. 11 on article 20, noted that the prohibition of “single” is consistent with the right to freedom of expression set out in article 19, which is due to responsibilities and special duties”.
He immediately referred to the judge that he intended to appeal.
4.18 The State party considers that, mutatis mutandis, the same principle must be found in the case of the case.
3.3 The author claims that the case has exhausted domestic remedies and that the case was not subject to another international investigation or settlement body.
In addition, the State Council emphasizes that a dual remedy may be exercised before the stay of permanent residence or the Judicial Court in first instance, and then before the State of State, and that these forums may order to take appropriate measures.
As a result of the Minister of the Interior of 16 March 2001, it was recognized on 13 months of the author's military service for the purpose of its promotion at the sixth level of the main prefecture.
In addition, the amount of the State has been sentenced to the claim for the proceedings of the State.
Canada, Chapter XII, Annual report A/48/4 Vol.II.
6 See Case Cabrao Delgado and Santana, Inter-American Court of Human Rights, Judgment of 8 December 1995 (the annual report of the Inter-American Court of Human Rights 1995 OAS/Ser.L/V III.33 Doc.4);
The State party refers to similar comments made by the State party in Pacel v. Austria (Communication No. 41/1990, Views adopted on 26 March 1992.
v. France, decision of 3 April 1989.
Meetings
If a few posts are actively engaged in the new appointments, the Government's willingness to be progressively implemented.
The security right is therefore crucial, whether the safety of electoral personnel or the right to participate freely in the ballot.
However, the Judicial Reform Commission has made progress in the areas of rehabilitation and training.
The situation of women still remains inadequate.
Recalls decision 2001/36 of 26 July 2001 in which the Secretary-General is requested to request Governments, non-governmental organizations, the United Nations system, including the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, to communicate as soon as possible, and in any event before the substantive session of 2003 of the Council, the information necessary for the review under paragraph 8 of Council resolution 2000/22 of 28 July 2000;
The proposed analysis suggests that it can be able to take place at the negotiating table and what are to be included in the agenda.”
(b) Report of an interregional workshop for the implementation of the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants in Small Island Developing States (Antigua and Barbuda, 7-10 April 2003);
In order to do so, two basic conditions are met, namely, the existence of a vacant post that is not only a Azerbaijani citizen with vocational training or skills, and the inability to obtain access to local employment providers with a candidate for the criteria set by the employer.
The time for rest and break-off are not recorded as a working hours.
In 1997, amendments and additions were made to the 1992 Social Protection Act, which has become the law on the Prevention of Disability and Rehabilitation and Social Protection of Persons with Disabilities.
The same article also provides that children who cannot be integrated into electronic schools in the form of their physical or mental handicaps are being promoted in specialized schools.
The results of the eight final elections have been transmitted to WIPO to participate in international assistance, competitive competition students and 54 countries.
(b) Maintenance of cultural sites;
(a) The national budget;
(d) Agriculture;
It is that the challenge of good governance is at the heart of our quest for peace and security in Africa.
The United Nations must therefore play an essential role in the proliferation of weapons.
This could lead to a new security crisis between the two neighbouring States.
This booklet contains guidelines and information on the various options for which the compulsory school was completed.
The implementation of a gender study programme at the University of Iceland is one of the priorities of the Centre for the coming years.
The Committee issued a programme for equal rights for the University of Iceland for the period 2000-2004.
The Registrar shall establish salaries and allowances of the Court, in consultation with the Prosecutor, and in accordance with the United Nations common system.
“In Ghana, Hope Arrives via Satellite”, International Herald Tribune, 4 May 2001.
(a) Adoption of the agenda;
Relations with Colombia
(c) To continue to include the question of the peaceful settlement of disputes between States;
In accordance with its previous recommendations (ibid., para. 14), the Committee recommends that the State party:
The Committee notes with concern that children have not been aware of the identity of their natural parents, even in their majority and even if it is in their best interests.
(a) The enactment of a new legislation and the adoption of several national strategies and programmes, including:
The Committee recommends that the State party, in accordance with article 32 of the Convention, to the ILO Convention (No. 138) concerning the minimum age of admission to employment and the ILO Convention (No. 182) concerning the prohibition of the worst forms of child labour and immediate action for their elimination, the State party has ratified:
(a) To launch information campaigns at all levels and in all regions, with a view to eliminating harmful behaviour against Roma in society, and in particular among Governments as police and professionals providing services in health, education and social assistance;
It is therefore very important that States parties submit their regular reports and time frames.
(b) Develop comprehensive and coordinated policies to address the growing phenomenon of immigration, including the launching of information campaigns to promote tolerance, as well as the monitoring of racist motivation and data collection;
(d) To ensure that the Family Council has sufficient resources to carry out its mandate.
At the national level, it is recognized that the need to consider development and development goals in a human rights perspective” (UNDP, 2000).
Adoption of measures, including economic and technical, to ensure progressively, by all means, and in particular the adoption of legislative measures, full enjoyment of rights recognized in the Covenant
The Labour Code confirms the constitutional right, with respect to the private sector and public enterprises, to establish, without prior authorization, organizations that they deem appropriate.
This period is considered effective in terms of payment of salaries, regardless of the criteria of the contract.
Information on the current standard of living of the population
It is considered that the households who, even, do not meet their income to their food needs, can not meet them.
Between 1990 and 1999, the total number of housing units had reached a total of 1,077,843, or an annual average of 1076,864.
In proportion of the population and housing of housing, these figures accounted for less than 4 per cent of the inhabitants of the country and only 3 per cent of the housing stock.
State housing programmes
With regard to the activities of the health sector, some researchers believe that more than half of the decrease in infant mortality is associated with the extension and coverage of health services.
However, there is still a need for more binding provisions and procedures for the media and journalists.
FIM: Research Fund
Decree No. 778 of 18 March 1994.
Act No. 19070 1996.
However, it is important that the facts relating to violent crimes against women are being held in a dignified manner and in respect of the privacy of the victim.
The conclusions of these major meetings remain valid and their implementation must be urgently addressed.
Japan hopes that all States will make every possible effort to strengthen their commitment to the Programme of Action and will be guided by the outcome of the Meeting to take concrete action at the national, regional and global levels in order to address the problem of small arms in the period before the second Biennial Meeting of 2005.
Multilateral and plurilateral instruments
5-23 May 2003
If none of the three options are obtained by the majority of votes, the majority will be eliminated and a new referendum will be organized for the voters to make a choice between the two options.
The United Nations, whose decisions will be final and without appeal, shall be accepted to vote.
• Women whose level of education is higher than children.
Kstst, A.E., and J.P.
Draft provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting of the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
Contents
i.
In their final communiqué, participants at the tenth summit of the Summit, held last month in Malaysia, invited the Security Council to approve the road map for peace in the Middle East and to establish a mechanism for its implementation.
It is important to set out the three main pillars of this objective because they show our determination to keep this topic on the long term.
However, according to the allegations of the Israeli representative, the cause of the Palestinian crisis would be terrorism and corruption from the Palestinians.
Armenia continues to implement, since now, over 10 years, its policy of blockade of the Azerbaijani territory of Nakhchivan, causing enormous suffering to the civilian population of this part of the country.
Similarly, it is imperative that the Government and civil society are working in promoting growth and development of our children.
Last year, Member States of the United Nations adopted resolution S/27/2, annex, “A world fit for children”, which includes a Declaration and Plan of Action.
All citizens have free access to health care and education, which is mandatory.
At the same time, it has been able to reduce expenditures through energy efficiency measures.
Takes note with appreciation of the adoption of the Convention for the Protection of Cultural Heritage by the General Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization at its thirty-second session, on 17 October 2003;
The Security Council expresses its full support for the future mission in Guinea-Bissau, which will be carried out by the Permanent Representative of Mexico, and will be the first part of a comprehensive mission in West Africa and looks forward to its conclusions and recommendations.
In the Guide, the second part of the Guide is contained in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2; the second part of the Guide is contained in document A/CN.9/WG.V/WP.63/Add.2 (e) of the UNCITRAL Model Guide on Cross-Border Insolvency, as well as to the extent that it refers to an appropriate authority, as well as in paragraph 2 (e) of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Cross-Border Insolvency, whether it refers to a authority, judicial or other, competent to control or monitor insolvency proceedings;
A/56/901, A/57/228 and Add.1 and 2, A/57/289 and A/C.5/56/37.
It may, however, provide informal translation of article 3 of the Act, which sets out national measures to implement international sanctions.
Annex
Accordingly, no person has been killed from a position of that nature can obtain visas to the consulate of Lebanon or public security.
Afghanistan, the Russian Federation, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, Ecuador, Ecuador, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, the Republic of Moldova, Romania, Rwanda, Serbia and Montenegro, Sierra Leone and Switzerland subsequently joined the sponsors of the draft resolution as revised and orally corrected.
Statements were made by the representatives of Singapore, the United States of America and Canada (see A/C.3/58/SR.55).
(a) To consider the question of protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the struggle against terrorism, taking into account reliable information from all sources;
Calls upon all States to consider consideration and, where appropriate, to revise their immigration policy to eliminate all unfair practices against migrants and members of their families, including through the assistance of non-governmental organizations and civil society, as well as the need for effective action to create the conditions for strengthening harmony and tolerance within society;
Reaffirming that all human rights and fundamental freedoms are universal, indivisible and interdependent and that it is essential to ensure that persons with disabilities enjoy the full enjoyment of these rights and freedoms without discrimination,
Thus, not only the occupying Power has decided to re-establish the areas that had been fully under Palestinian control, in terms of agreements concluded, but it seems that it had now decided to take the control of civilian affairs in those areas.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
In its resolution 2003/62 of 25 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council welcomed resolution 19/18 by which the Governing Council of UN-Habitat approved the establishment of the National Human Settlements Programme for the Palestinian people and the Trust Fund for Technical Cooperation with a budget of $5 million for a initial period of two years.
Partnerships
The establishment of a comprehensive system of preferences, determined by 1968 at the second session of the Conference, has translated into a positive approach to the issue of access to developing countries in industrialized countries.
The activities and international commitments — which are essential for the establishment of an international economic regime based on rules — begin to extend to areas that, in the past, fall within the sole jurisdiction of national Governments.
The provision of special and differential treatment can be useful to address economic, structural and institutional imbalances between developing countries and developed countries.
What is the role of government?
3-6 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
A meeting of the Joint Coordinating Committee of the Group of 77 and the Non-Aligned Movement (at the ambassadorial level) will be held on Wednesday, 5 November 2003, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The above Convention was adopted during the plenary meeting of the General Assembly, on 31 October 2003, at United Nations Headquarters.
In addition, some countries have taken special measures, although not limited to kidnapping cases, to ensure the protection of witnesses and victims before a court.
The Secretary-General announced the appointment of Ms. Angela Kane as Deputy Representative in Asmara.
After completing the work of 50 minutes, the group is returned to the Canal Hotel.
The report of the meeting is available at http://www.it.int/wsis/documents.
We have not yet done so, the responses we need to address key issues on the past production of the chemical and biological weapons of Iraq, as well as its capacity and its future programmes.
The density of the population and its distribution of distribution has influenced emissions from transport and habitat.
Some include an increase in emissions from this sector despite measures implemented, adopted and envisaged.
(c) A number of delegations stressed the need for the obligation to include asylum or refuge to persons suspected of having participated in enforced disappearance, with the lack of return to such persons to a State where they may be subjected to enforced disappearance or other grave violations of human rights.
Fifty-eighth session
Other measures could, however, be necessary, in their deliberations, intergovernmental bodies focused on substantive issues and not considered the role of the Secretariat, namely, the activities planned in the work programme.
(f) The presentation and timetable of evaluation reports would be improved;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
This date is particularly timely to speak on non-permanent members of the Security Council, with the permanent members to uphold the principles set out in the Charter and the objectives of peace and security.
Therefore, a discussion will now be undertaken to revise the sanctions regime.
While the Committee focuses on strengthening legal and administrative measures and the mobilization of international cooperation and coordination at this end, my delegation, without the wish to divert the attention of this effort, would like to emphasize other aspects that could be discussed, and also mentioned in the report, in particular in South-East Asia.
In South-East Asia, it is important to understand how Al-Qaida, the Taliban and the individuals and entities associated with them can be a unifying of the groups of ethnic and national backgrounds in their language and traditions.
Takes note of the second report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the accounts of the United Nations Board of Auditors and United Nations funds and programmes for the biennium ended 31 December 2001, as well as the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations;2
31.35 The High-level Committee on Management of the United Nations High Commissioner for Management is responsible for guiding the activities of the United Nations system for administrative and management issues related to the entire system, and to promote cooperation and inter-agency coordination on those issues for the Board of Directors.
This is the following: What is expected to be expected to work on new contributions, such as previous speakers have already said that this process will be achieved, and will require significant funding, including coordination and special cooperation of other countries with the lead leadership.
Mr. Farhâdi (Afghanistan) (spoke in French): I am very grateful to Mr. Guéhenno, Ambassador Nishimura and Mr. Braun, who have led to the briefings that have led to both relevant issues on Afghanistan, although more or less answered some of those issues.
UNMIK has developed a standard procedure to report each month to the managers' managers and suggest different solutions to improve the updating of regional inventories.
(b) To be held at Headquarters and in missions, staffing needs to be sufficient to address the volume of air operations, taking into account the increase in recent years;
United Nations Peace Forces (UNPF)
Statement XI (f) United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) and United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNOSIL)
Supports the efforts of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in order to promote the use of appropriate systems and databases, including the International Criminal Police Organization — Interpol, to allow electronic transmission of information to reduce trafficking in cultural property, and encourages the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization to continue its efforts in this regard, as appropriate, with the cooperation of Member States;
The political process must therefore be broad, and fairly open for all Afghans who wish to participate in good faith in political life, and to do so, which, in addition, will encourage them to join the ranks of those who are actively engaged in the peace process.
I would now like to provide a more precise description of the situation by providing the Council more recent on specific facts in Afghanistan since the last December.
My delegation would also like to reiterate its deep belief that security is a indivisible and indivisible nature of all.
It could be if it was accepted to release old lines and to renounce nuclear doctrine.
In view of the humanitarian nature of the Convention, we hope that the draft resolution would be the greatest possible support of States parties as well as non-parties to the Convention.
In accordance with this view, at a ministerial meeting of the Bart, held in New York on 26 September, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Ivanov, introduced the initiative for the adoption of a special resolution of the Security Council that supports the road map.
The President: Is there any other delegation wishing to take the floor to this stage?
In addition, no consensus has yet been reached on issues such as the elimination of unilateral measures (e.g. the prohibition of export restrictions imposed by producer countries and boycites in consumer countries), as they are incompatible with international agreements.
With regard to the private sector, several large companies in timber trade are using environmental management systems designed to ensure that wood-free sources of energy and society are safe.
It is in effect in the management of concessions, the development of forest plantations and the processing of forest products.
(i) Urge countries and relevant organizations to continue to improve the collection of data and dissemination systems in a timely manner of information on production, consumption, trade and prices of wood and non-wood products in order to promote transparency in markets.
The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(Signed) Atoki Ileka Ambassador Permanent Representative
The provisions of the former law, which are mainly subject to treaties imposed, should be repealed in their entirety and replaced by a more fair and equitable legislation, which protects the interests of indigenous peoples.
Programme of work
In the age group of 10 to 19 years, men are more than women to work because of the custom that girls remain at the lowest home while boys were beginning to work on a job.
The rights and obligations inherent in marriage are the same for cohabits, the witnesses may be responsible that a couple live in the same roof since at least two years.
[on the report of the Third Committee (A/58/501)]
In its resolution 42/11, it requested the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) to use the expertise and experience gained in the implementation of its global technical assistance programmes, as well as information gathered in various relevant questionnaires.
Trade and development issues:
UNCTAD collaborated with the African Union and the United Nations Economic Commission for Africa for the preparation of the Cancún Conference by participating in the High-level Meeting of African Trade Negotiations at the fifth WTO Ministerial Conference and the Ministers of Trade Ministers in Mauritius (June), which adopted a common position on the Cancún Conference.
The activities of technical cooperation and capacity-building to assist developing countries in participating in the Doha work programme in the area of trade and environment continued in close cooperation and coordination with WTO secretariats, UNEP and the United Nations regional commissions, in particular ECLAC and ESCAP, as well as civil society.
He also participated in the International Conference on Science, Technology and Innovation organized by the Kennedy School of Government of the University of Hebron in collaboration with UNCTAD in Cambridge, Massachusests, 23 and 24 September 2002, where he presented the work of the Commission on ICT indices.
We also recognize that globalization, and concrete developments in international trade, provide hope for growth in our peoples.
Last year, by taking the floor to the General Assembly, I referred to the beginning of the peace process in Sri Lanka and pledged to make a report on progress made.
In addition, women participate in the major social activities of the Supreme Council of Women, which is part of a coordinated and integrated system of development activities, including mother-to-child care and the child; the gender equality between men and women in a society that took place in the family unit, is high to gender equality and respecting family rights.
Developing countries are facing challenges in the area of development, which cannot be identified by concerted international efforts and support for the reform of political and economic reforms.
“The Industrial Development Board:
I would like to address two specific issues of criminal justice:
The United Nations must therefore continue to contribute to the process of restoring peace and prosperity in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Brazil has made efforts to implement the principles of the principles that it proclaims.
Significant developments in the global balance of the forces and global goals have been produced since the establishment of the United Nations, 58 years ago.
In accordance with the conclusions of the Council of Europe at thessaloniki, the European Union will continue to support the efforts of the Secretary-General to achieve a comprehensive, just, viable and practical solution to the Cyprus problem, in accordance with the relevant Security Council resolutions.
Each committee shall elect its Chairman from its members.
Persons arrested or detained must be informed of the grounds for their arrest or detention and their right to be held by a lawyer.
Its latest publication was the concluding observations on its second periodic report on the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child in January 2003.
Response
Fifty-eighth session
At its 20th and 21th meetings, on 24 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered section 28 (Public information) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Sect.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and by other relevant human rights instruments,
Deplores the fact that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided that, in its resolution 1497 (2003) of 1 August 2003 of 1 August 2003 on the conflict in Liberia, the Security Council decided to apply to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State in any allegation of acts or omissions arising from the multinational force or the United Nations Stabilization Force in Liberia or related to a formal exemption of the troop-contributing State;
Also requests the working group to study information and share its comments and recommendations to transnational corporations, other enterprises, Governments, non-governmental organizations and other sources of information;
The draft decision, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
At the same meeting, the Sub-Commission considered draft decision E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/L.34, sponsored by Mr. Chen Shiqiu, Mr. Decaux, Mr. Dos Santos Alves, Mr. Guissé, Ms. Hampson, Mr. Kartashkin, Ms. Mbonu, Mr. Park, Mr. Pinheiro and Ms. Rakotoarisoa.
Economic and peace
The Office for Outer Space Affairs and the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) could be involved in a specific level to ensure an exchange of information on the needs of users and that it is more important to integrate GNSS and its supplementary support to the basic infrastructure of developing countries.
Governments do not provide the potential contribution of GNSS to health management and combat diseases.
Outcome
The secretariat of the Convention on Biological Diversity is preparing a synthesis document, which contribute to the Partnership's membership, to assess relations between ecosystem approaches and sustainable forest management.
Article 21, subparagraph (f), provides “any person arrested or detained shall be formally prosecuted and submitted to the competent court in a period of 48 hours” and “there shall be no provisional detention”.
(f) Support to the Council for Peace and Security for the implementation of humanitarian operations on the continent in accordance with the Protocol on the establishment of the Council for Peace and Security of the African Union;
The Special Rapporteur believes that this is an area that could greatly benefit from education and awareness-raising programmes.
Sources indicated that in some areas, the principle of accountability was relatively well implemented but that it was mainly involved in the relevant personalities.
Decides to include the following points to the agenda of the third session of the Committee on the Review of the Implementation of the Convention:
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonton Clarke (Barbados).
Mr. Askar Akayev, President of the Kyrgyz Republic, made a statement.
The Development Committee intends to review this initiative, as well as the issue of debt sustainability at its meeting of autumn.
This meeting will provide policy makers to address issues related to cooperation in development.
Integration of a gender perspective in all policies and programmes of the United Nations system (agenda item 7 (e))
The representative of the Legal Affairs Office made several statements in explanation of the rules of procedure of the Council.
Against:
Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
For example, we are in a process of moving up our political tools, particularly those related to flexibility criteria.
The staff in recruitment will require training beyond the end of UNMISET's mandate.
3-14 March 2003
As usual, the report gives us an overview of the Council's action, during the past year, in its area of responsibility, namely the maintenance of international peace and security.
(e) To assist in maximizing the relevance of the work of the Assembly and the Council and ensure the establishment of arrangements to monitor their effective implementation, including through the results of the high-level segment of the Council in the deliberations of the General Assembly;
10.16 The expected accomplishments are the following: (a) the enrichment of the knowledge, knowledge and management tools of the Government and the relevant institutions to implement the agreements that should be carried out by the Global Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment against Pollution from Land-based Activities and the World Conference for 2000 and (e) to improve mechanisms for the implementation of multilateral environmental protection agreements and to ensure that the United Nations Programme of Action should be implemented.
These activities include the contribution of technical assistance to Member States in the areas of primary prevention of narcotic drugs among young people; diversification of treatment and rehabilitation services for drug abusers; development of policies and strategies; training and capacity-building; and the determination and dissemination of best practices.
Indicators of achievement
54/214 Conservation and sustainable management of forest ecosystems in Central Africa
Strategy
(d) Promoting the use of information technology and communication technologies, including through facilitating adaptation to local conditions or transfer of best practices.
In the number of indicators of achievement, the number of members and associate members that have received support from ESCAP and the new initiatives that have been taken to improve the implementation of the ICT and technology technology, including through technical cooperation between developing countries, and (e) increase in the number of activities implemented by ESCAP, including through technical cooperation among developing countries, using information technology and space technology for the protection of the environment and sustainable management of natural resources, should be provided by the number of regional and non-governmental organizations.
Strategy
The achievement of the objectives will be determined by more rapid assistance to the victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents; additional and more coordinated interventions in the country of disaster victims; a higher participation rate in disaster management training training; a strengthened cooperation in the field and the region; and more donor response to inter-agency appeals.
1999/46 International cooperation for the reduction of the impact of the El Niño phenomenon
Programme 26 Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States
The Institute also organized training courses.
- The choice of 2002, women and victory (Sououl, 26 February 2002);
Ms. Oluendi (Mexico) said that, in three years of the exercise of power, the Government of Mr. Vicente Fox has laid the foundation for a full exercise of human rights.
In this regard, the delegation of Tunisia endorsed the Secretary-General's recommendation that it should be done to establish a culture of tolerance and respect for other and not violence.
New laws are required, but the most important challenge is not the adoption of laws, but in their practical application.
Ibid., para.
Recalling that the fifth International Conference of New or Restored Democracies focused on democracy, good governance and civil society,
United Nations
Their reduced mobility can prevent the use of water, land and supply of supply.
Such services should be developed and to formulate a social contract that is politically viable.
The Declaration also aims to strengthen cooperation with a view to better implementation of laws, provisions of resolution 1373 (2001) and special recommendations of the Financial Action Group on Money Laundering (FATF).
Ms. Koseles (Australia) said that there was approximately one year, 88 Australians found death and 202 were injured following the Bali terrorist attack.
However, in exceptional cases where organizations can be established, the relevant decisions must be binding and the establishment of the new institution is derived from the functions of the organization which has established.
Capital master plan
JUSCANZ Group (Second Committee matters)
BRF worked on specific measures to combat terrorism in the financial system of Fiji.
It is a minimum structure for UNHCR to maintain its capacity in a year on the other.
A statement is attached to the present report.
In some legal systems, creditors that improve or respond to the encumbered assets, such as equipment kits, hold a security right, which is usually entitled to security rights based on the same property in the same property.
C. Standards and other non-expendable equipment
It should be expanded, as necessary, in the terms of the agreement between ICAO and UNDP, and those of the proposed project document related to the Interim Authority;
(a) Annual report of the Administrator of the World Food Programme and the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund (E/2003/13);
Taking into account the important work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies to support economic and social development of the Palestinian people,
At its 47th meeting, on 24 July, the Council had before it the revised draft decision entitled “Support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development” (E/2003/L.40/Rev.1), submitted by the author of draft resolution E/2003/L.40.
Welcoming the progress made in the revitalization of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation,
Under agenda item 14 (e), the Council adopted decisions 2003/285, 2003/286 and 2003/310.
For men, the decline is still more pronounced since the proportion rose from 43.2 per cent in 1994 to 36.8 per cent in 2000.
In addition, in the manufacturing sector, a new distribution of production, the desert, the manufacture of oil and clothing in the use of electronics, engineering and related production.
It is proposed that family treatment for families with the problem is in relation to drug abuse or the game.
One important initiative was to eliminate the removal of illegal vessels in the Armi, the operation carried out jointly with the Land Department.
The land is returned to the owners or hisirs as their acquisition by the State had never taken place, provided that the owners of the ground are in the area of the three months following restitution.
In fact, the situation was considered unjust to the citizens and the amendments in 1995 to the Ordinance of 1944 on the release of housing facilities, the Order of 1959 on the release of the housing price and the Order of 1931 regulating the renewal of the rental of urban property, which is not applicable to the lease of the lease of 1 June 1995 or after the restrictions imposed by the above legislation.
This programme includes several integrated programmes, including the above-mentioned services (consultations to the design of frequent frequent images, genetic counselling, pre-natal counselling, high-natal care, medical care, medical examinations of infants, vaccines free free, medical medicine, the centre of ill-treatment and the development of child development.
Municipal councils re-established and travel district clinics while NGOs are particularly concerned to organize special services to disadvantaged groups of the community as disabled and drug abusers.
The Catholic Church provides its own school facilities and facilities, but is also responsible for maintaining its facilities and to finance the cost of the Organization.
The candidates for academic studies must have been successful in the review of the bascaureate, which provides access to the university and to meet the special conditions of admission to certain studies.
As a development strategy, NEPAD encompasses all aspects of the socio-economic and political structures of society, which is planning development, sound economic management, human rights, good governance, democracy, peace, security, the agricultural sector, health or education, among other fundamental elements of any indicator of progress.
However, the problem that we face in this regard is that the mandate of the General Assembly to consider the issue of reform of the Security Council — namely, the Open-ended Working Group on Reform Reform — has not been able to achieve significant progress since it has been established under General Assembly resolution 48/26 in 1993, the Working Group remains more than ever in the impasse.
1.6 The Committee would like to receive information on the conclusions reached by the Commission by the Ministry of Justice, Islamic Affairs and Shqqs, which is subject to pages 4 and 9 of the supplementary report for the implementation of existing criminal law with terrorist offences.
The study entitled “Human rights and disability: the current use and potential use of the United Nations human rights instruments in the context of disability” carried out by the Research Centre on Human Rights and Disability of Galaw (Ireland) to the request of OHCHR analysis of the provisions of the six United Nations human rights treaties in the context of disability and review the functioning of the United Nations human rights system in this context.
Measures taken by States 9 - 22 6
In this regard, OHCHR supports the Special Rapporteur in the implementation of the Standard Rules for the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and the adoption of the draft Supplement.
With regard to the withdrawal of interpretative declarations or modification, a mere interpretative declaration, contrary to a regular reservation, may be formulated in any time.
It was also queried whether unilateral acts of conduct of States could produce legal effects.
But 26 million Iraqis deserve.
There is an urgent need for the message of the inspectors of the Security Council and provide the answers.
The inspections can continue indefinitely without prompt, active and effective cooperation in Baghdad.
The situation in the Middle East, including the question of Palestine
I think that the announcement made by President Bush last Friday, namely, that the Quartet would present the road map to the parties as soon as the appointment of a credible Prime Minister and with adequate powers would be confirmed, as a significant step on which we must do.
Accordingly, the Secretary-General's proposals to reduce the additional amounts are limited to those mentioned above, and may be summarized as follows:
In accordance with the Commission's guidelines, the Special Rapporteur has consistently paid special attention to the issue of gender-based distinctions.
Applications for approval are recorded in a registry (RCA).
The process of ratification of the Convention is under way.
In terms of expected accomplishment (a), replace “social issues” by “social development problems”.
Malawi would like to see all States providing the defence and the promotion of the functions and credibility of the Court, and that it will consolidate its competence and independence: it is necessary for all States to be vigilant and to collect the unequivocal commitment of all States; it must also be carefully understood by the members of the Court, especially the judges whose personal integrity and independence must be the subject of any suspicion.
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
A/58/137 (Part II) - The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East — report of the Secretary-General
The Government of the Netherlands noted that the courts of the Netherlands did not consider that most economic and social rights are directly applicable in the national legal order.
The agenda was adopted.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/1167, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
It was prepared by the United Nations and national organizations responsible for dealing with the development of the oceans and the progress of the ocean Ocean, under the primary responsibility of FAO and the conduct of a steering committee and a technical committee, which provided coordination of the work.
(f) Capacity-building
In general, IMO considered that the reporting mechanism for the Commission on Sustainable Development could serve as a model for the new initiative.
In order to meet the needs of the Evaluation Convention, the Global Assessment should include an assessment of biological diversity at ecosystems, species and stereotypes.
Special Unit on Global Policy Review (report of guidance)
Group of 77 (Second Committee: Environment and Sustainable Development)
She thanked the main managers for information on the financial situation, technical cooperation and changes in human resources management.
Expert Meeting on the Definition of Goods and Environmental Services and their contribution to Trade and Development
In some cases, the poor results of private enterprises and social discontent are worrying.
At its 57th meeting, on 26 November, the Committee had before it the revised text of draft resolution A/C.3/58 (A/C.3/58 (L.10/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.10.
However, reform reforms and capacity-building in developing countries should also be introduced.
OHCHR has also worked with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Resident Coordinator and the United Nations Country Team, as well as with ICRC, to develop a common strategy for internally displaced persons.
The Act of 1992 on the transfer of technology and foreign investment had liberalized FDI inflows and ensured the repatriation of profits and capital.
We have been delighted that, on issues such as the barrier, the expansion of settlements and military actions that are facing Palestinian civilians, the Government of Prime Minister Sharon acted to support the peace process.
Palestinians want to put a final end to occupation, with certainty that they have a truly viable and independent State.
Bearing in mind that one of the purposes of the United Nations, set forth in Articles 1 and 55 of the Charter, is to promote universal respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all, without distinction, including sex,
They are particularly used to provide intensive training for teachers, administrators and evaluators at the provincial level.
The group referred to the various forms of education in article 6 and noted that there were several organized, formal and non-formal activities for children, students and adults.
Working Group on Public Awareness (Chairman: Ms. Višnja Ggasović, Croatia; Rapporteur: Mr. Markus Nauer, Switzerland)
For example, article 139 of the Criminal Code stipulates that “the conspiracy to commit any of the offences referred to in this section shall give the same penalties as those who affect the effective commission of the act”.
Under article 148, as amended by Act No. 54 of 2001, shall be subject to forced work to anyone, or in the light of any type of toxic or lethal damage, the use of any type of such explosive or unintentional transactions or any toxic substances, the packaging, colour, toxic, bacteriological, radiological, radiological or other toxic substances, as well as any other of those materials, to commit terrorist acts or to allow others to use them.
Agenda item 117: Human rights questions (continued)
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.61: Strengthening the role of the United Nations for strengthening the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and the promotion of democratization.
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations peacekeeping operations
The “E3” Panel's view was that Van Oord was entitled to compensation for some of the losses of tangible property but recommended no compensation for its other claims.
It is further noted that, in addition to strengthening its activities in this area and its capacity to assist the Counter-Terrorism Committee when it is necessary, the Department of Disarmament Affairs should draw the attention of the public to the risk of use of weapons of mass destruction in the context of terrorist acts, and the General Assembly took note of the report in its resolution 57/83.
Calls upon Member States to increase their support for the implementation of the New Partnership and notes that much remains to be done to achieve the goals and priorities set out therein;
(h) Electronic-circuit television services;
It was proposed that the General Assembly:
They spoke among other agreements and institutions aimed at improving the protection of vulnerable marine ecosystems: the Convention on the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment in the Caribbean region and its Protocol relating to the areas and “or-orly protected and physically protected areas”, the Convention on the Protection of the Marine Environment in the Baltic Sea region; the Arctic Council; and the Convention for the Protection of the Marine Environment in the North Atlantic Atlantic.
In view of another proposal, the main organizations that were required to participate in the consideration of the topics covered by groups should establish joint reports for the purpose of the meetings at the beginning of meetings on the scope and nature of inter-agency coordination related to the areas of treaties, to complement the report of the Secretary-General on oceans and the law of the sea, which should continue to be held with a view to its distribution before the meetings of the Consultative Process.
(f) In paragraph 19 to the second line, the word “education” is to be replaced by the word “information” and, at the fifth line, the words “to provide any assistance available to this subject” shall be replaced by the words “the invitation to the President of the Special Committee to attend the Constitutional Convention in September 2003”.
On the occasion of a briefing on the effects of structural adjustment on human development by a symposium on human development in the Arab world, Ramzi Zaki had identified three major features of structural adjustment programmes and stabilization: they are in a limited nature; they are in the form of capitalism and weakened the power of the State.
Any attempt to link the prohibition of future production and the question of existing stocks would have to be extended to further prolong the negotiations and to undermine nuclear non-proliferation and nuclear disarmament.
(a) At the election of additional members, the General Assembly shall respect the following distribution of seats:
According to the World Bank, the cost of housing increased by 12 per cent during the first 12 months of the second intifada, 422,
PCDAR is an implementing agency that provides directly to the President of the Palestinian Authority.
When the means and authority they have been given, refugee refugees have replaced and amended their homes and added others.
Taking note of the reports submitted by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea concerning the implementation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
The European Union is equally committed to promoting gender equality and empowerment of women and believed that the perspective of equality should be integrated into development strategies and policies at all levels, including in the United Nations.
There are currently two female leaders in a total of 141.
As for the World Health Organization, it employs four women and six men.
Despite the compulsory nature of primary school education in 1991, the problems faced by the Constitution are particularly acute.
The success rate was 71 per cent and 73.4 per cent for girls.
In the higher technical education sector, the participation of women in the field of technical education was the following:
Women dominate the trade sector, where women's report is 2 to 1, and the production of textile, and the food industry, as well as the food industry.
According to this study, 37 per cent of women had already used their condom.
(BsD, 1996; Relk-Sendbergen, etc).
The head of village is assisted by a Deputy, but a total of 121,491 Deputy, 101 alone are women.
Our work on small arms and light weapons have many aspects, but the human dimension must remain our guide.
We also wish to assure the success of the Review Conference in Nairobi, Kenya, which will contribute to that goal.
At the same time, it is important to control arms and impose restrictions to create an adequate balance between the legitimate security needs and the unnecessary loss of innocent lives, resulting from irresponsible policies with regard to the proliferation of conventional weapons.
Corrections will be issued after the end of the session in a consolidated corrigendum.
(b) Integrated implementation of and follow-up to the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action
Furthermore, she would like to know whether there are figures showing the number of men and women working in the private sector and the public sector.
Ms. Gonzalez asked whether the Inter-Agency Commission on Reproductive and Sexual Rights in paragraph 42 of the fourth periodic report and the Advisory Service on Health and Sexual Rights, which is subject to paragraph 421, are two distinct or unusual institutions, and whether they deal with rights in itself or only of health issues.
Invites the Special Committee to take into consideration, within the negotiation process, the contributions of the United Nations system and relevant international organizations;
Subsequently, the Conference of the Parties will hold regular meetings in accordance with the rules of procedure adopted by the Conference.
The Chairman hopes, however, that each organization represented in the meeting, with the assistance of the Committee or other sources, to be a mechanism for the exchange of information.
Other matters
“Welcoming the decision of the Government of Benin to host a preparatory conference in May 2004, in collaboration with the United Nations;
Stresses the importance of adopting effective measures, including appropriate financial mechanisms, in support of the efforts of developing countries to achieve sustained economic growth and sustainable development, reduce poverty and strengthening their democratic systems, while reaffirming that it is at each country of the primary responsibility to ensure its economic and social development and that national policies play a leading role in the development process;
At the 27th meeting, on 29 October, the representative of Finland, on behalf of the following countries: Argentina, Australia, Austria, Germany, Ecuador, Germany, the Netherlands, Finland, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, Germany, the Czech Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Slovakia, Poland, Portugal, Portugal, the Republic of the Congo, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Slovakia, Slovenia, Sweden and Switzerland, introduced a draft resolution entitled “International Decade of the World's Indigenous People” (A/C.3/58/L.27).
They are derived from the report of the Secretary-General on improving the situation of women in the United Nations system (A/57/447, tables 1 to 4).
A woman was appointed to the Temporary Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) to the United Nations Mission in Ethiopia and Eritrea (UNMEE) to the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (with effect on 10 January 2003).
Serious acute respiratory factors have shown that regional and international cooperation is essential to addressing the common threat of infectious diseases.
The Group of 77 and China will support all initiatives to ensure better effectiveness and better visibility of the work of the General Assembly.
After the riots held in Dili on 4 December 2002, the situation in the country seemed to be returned shortly to normal school.
There is a need to ensure, through training courses and sufficient support, the current standards of development in order to give rise to best practices in the field.
(i) There is an urgent need to take this measure;
[c) [A means to avoid any doubt,] the arbitral tribunal shall be competent, inter alia, to decide on all matters raised by the provisions [of sub-paragraph (b) above or to the Party];
Mr. Nanser (Sweden) said that the statement made by the representative of Italy on behalf of the European Union and supported the proposed reforms by the Secretary-General.
Letter dated 7 February 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
(e) Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/128 (A/58/264);
Expressing grave concern at the continuing Israeli settlement activities in violation of international humanitarian law, United Nations resolutions on the question and agreements between the parties, including the construction and extension of the settlements in the Djabal Abu Ghounm and Ras el-Amoud in Occupied East Jerusalem,
International cooperation in the area of environmental protection should be focused on the development and dissemination of innovative technologies, economic diversification and strengthening the relevant system of development of sustainable development at the national, regional and local levels, as it would help developing countries better address problems arising from climate change.
In order to ensure the sustainability of the environment, the global environmental and environmental framework will require universal support.
Encourages Member States of the region to continue their efforts by enacting laws or regulations to ensure effective compliance with the arms embargo;
In addition, in order to implement a system as well as the Sédo, it is necessary to take into account the organization of the Secretariat, outlined in ST/SGB/1997/5 of the Secretary-General, dated 12 September 1997, in terms of which (Section 1): “The Secretariat, which is one of the principal organs of the United Nations, its headquarters in New York.
Level 5 is granted to representatives and allows access to documents whose distribution is available to participants, as documents of meeting (CRP), in addition to available documents at the level level.
In examining the websites of the organizations or bodies of the official documents are posted on the Sédo, there was a fact that some of them did not know that the documents could be consulted through the system.
The initial system responded to the needs for almost 10 years, which is very much if the speed of technical innovation is difficult.
The seizure of these identifiers should sometimes be carried out, and the task is working, and a lot of time (e.e. three to six months) and it is an additional workload when staff resources are limited.
The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 46th, 47th, 48th and 56th meetings, including 5, 7 and 8 May and 4 June 2003.
Some of them are even suspected to help others acquire weapons of mass destruction, while some of them seek to obtain such weapons, or not to eliminate their own stockpiles.
Secondly, there is no doubt that the challenge posed by terrorism as a new and real threat to the international scene has introduced a new dimension of disarmament, non-proliferation and arms control.
Many representatives of 117 States, as well as observers from the Secretariat of the United Nations Secretariat, organs and research institutes, specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
The Registrar also described the proposed structure for the Registry.
I welcome the work of the Special Working Group on the Prevention and Resolution of Conflict in Africa, the Ad Hoc Advisory Group of the Economic and Social Council for Guinea-Bissau and the Group of Friends of Guinea-Bissau.
Support was expressed for the three areas in which ECLAC should take priority in the biennium 2004-2005, namely, policies for promoting equality and combating poverty in the region; national policies aimed at strengthening the linkages between economic and social development and globalization, and the integration of environmental perspectives in government policies in the region.
The first group met with the Director of the plant, which raised questions on the materials produced by the plant, problems encountered in production, as well as the impact of the problems on production.
Expressing its appreciation to the countries that continue to host the Afghan refugees and the same time to call upon all groups to continue to fulfil their obligations with respect to the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons and to allow access to international organizations capable of providing assistance and protection to those persons,
(ii) Intergovernmental organizations;
Specific agreements for annual payment or a longer-term period of contributions to the budget by the Government of the country where the Centre is located (hereinafter referred to as “the host Government”), by any other UNIDO member or any intergovernmental organization with UNIDO in accordance with article 19.1 (a) of the Constitution may be concluded between Governments or relevant organizations and UNIDO.
First regular session 2004: 23-30 January 2004
They pointed out that the Office of Evaluation will be able to make its efforts and likely to lose efficiency.
Type: Satellite
The next year, Nauru has been placed more than the members of the Group on the list of “measures”, not not because of the lack of our laws but because the rules of the game had changed and that we have no capacity to oversee the offshore banks in Nauru.
In addition to the fight to ban weapons of mass destruction, it is absolutely urgent to address the problem of small arms and light weapons that play a role in conflict and insecurity, which are many of our countries.
Unfortunately, it would seem that, for a very small number of Member States, the issue does not have a problem of formulation or terminology, but that it would involve other factors that, very frankly, we have difficulty to do so.
In its resolution 1996/61, the Commission on Human Rights approved the draft Programme of Action as contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/28/Add.1, while taking into account the differences between States in the scope of the application of criminal legislation, including, inter alia, prostitution, production, distribution and possession of pornographic materials.
Corrigendum
It is more than a few girls' schools, and it is used for a 12 noon school to encourage their students to leave school.
There is no data on illiteracy among women in rural areas.
To be held at eight closed hours on Wednesday, 30 July 2003, at 10 a.m.
Establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East
Notes the importance of bilateral peace negotiations in the Middle East and the activities of the Multilateral Working Group on Arms Control and Regional Security for the promotion of mutual confidence and security in the Middle East, including the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone;
Negotiations to a protocol on measures that would reduce the risks that irresponsible use of mines other than anti-personnel mines.
At its 2nd meeting, on 10 March, the Working Group decided to organize its work on the basis of its mandate in resolution 57/61, to consider the objectives and agenda of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
Decisions
UNESCO welcomes the idea of collaborating with Governments, academia, associations, non-governmental organizations and civil society groups to develop national action plans and formulate the implementation programme.
To date, taking into account the number of countries that have ratified the Convention and the latest meetings held in Johannesburg, Beijing and Havana, all hopes have been allowed; many partners have already taken concrete steps to implement the Convention and initiatives to assist countries in this task.
The 10-year review of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action should provide clear guidance on the way to ensure that all previous commitments and to establish new commitments for the full realization of the objectives set out in the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.
Yemen welcomed the outcome of the eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development that clarified the methods and programme of work of the Commission.
We would also like to congratulate all Member States that have participated in these difficult consultations during the past few months and the dedication and dedication of the Council today.
The overall management of reform and judicial review remains the responsibility of the Transitional National Government of Liberia, with assistance from international organizations of experts under the leadership of the United Nations through the knowledge and resources of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
[In the case of afforestation or reforestation project activities under the CDM to which CERs shall be issued, a designated operational entity shall verify and certify periodically that appropriate assurance is under validity during the reporting period.
Mining continues to be manufactured mainly in Western Europe.
Governments should give priority to ensuring that all their services are working together and their common knowledge and knowledge to combat drug trafficking.
Such management and use is also essential for the quality of high-scale grazing and land conservation.
Annex II
The Victoria State (Australia) assists Fiji's police in the use of pistols, and provides training materials on road safety.
If those who use traffickers deliberately, they are not less exposed to ill-treatment during their lifetime, including extortion by corrupt representatives of immigration services or other law enforcement officials.
It was hoped that the revitalization of the role of the General Assembly in peace and security will reaffirm the concept of cooperation of all countries for peace in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of resolution 377 (V) adopted by the General Assembly in 1950.
The crew of “Shzouou” on behalf of the word “vitau” in Chinese, was stolen in the outer space and is healthy, except on the Earth.
“The Security Council condemns the killing, violence and other violations of human rights and atrocities recently in Bunia, as well as the attacks of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and internally displaced persons in the field of Mission, and reaffirms that such acts will not be unpunished and that their perpetrators will take into account.
Appendix A to the Conference
Under the paragraphs under the second draft resolution, entitled “General legislative provisions of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the projects of private finance projects”, the General Assembly would wish to inform the Secretary-General to publish and recommend that all States take due account of the model legislative provisions and the Legislative Guide on the same subject adopted by the Commission in 200 when considering their legislation or adopting relevant laws.
Report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/518)
Australia, Cameroon, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Solomon Islands, Nicaragua, Papua New Guinea, Dominican Republic, Rwanda, Tonga, Tuvalu.
A recorded vote was taken.
The situation on the ground is far from calm.
The court filed him, in public hearings, a sentence of six years and six months of the head of tax fraud and violation of the obligation to conduct accounting.
1.1.1 [1.1.4] Subject to reservations
Ms. Daniela Stoycheva, Chairperson of the SBI, and Mr. Halldat Thorgeirsson, President of the SBSTA, introduced the objectives of each workshop and indicated the expected accomplishments.
The workshop, which was intended for the staff of Asian countries for the preparation of the reports requested under article 18 of the Convention, focused on States that had not yet submitted their initial reports.
The economic situation has been further improved, the Government had adopted a double approach to gender mainstreaming in its strategies and to develop gender policies and programmes, which enabled them to address gender discrimination more systematically.
It also recommends that awareness-raising campaigns to the Convention be carried out for parliamentarians, including judicial authorities and legal professions.
In view of all these elements, I would like to ask once again to the Council to consider carefully the international measures that will ensure the necessary security of the Bonn process.
In conclusion, I would like to reiterate that the Government of Kenya is committed to fully implementing the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and other international instruments.
The Secretary-General believes that the costs of the Institute for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2004 including salaries under the nine existing posts (1 D-2, 1 P-3, 2 P-2/1 and 5 General Service posts, would be held at $707,300.
Education for peace and disarmament.
This initiative has proved effective in terms of time of time, efforts and resources.
(b) Guidelines of this nature will be incorporated into the guidance of programmes for 2004 and will include, as recommended in the audit of staff training, direct costs related to the design, establishment and implementation of training activities financed by the administrative budget, and the training projects managed by the Staff Management Section;
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 94.
The Assembly adopted the draft resolution (resolution 58/243).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 110.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 143.
The document is composed of three parties.
Compilation and synthesis of results on actions taken by developing countries and Parties with economies in transition to identify their priorities and actions taken by Annex II Parties to implement decisions 2/CP.7 and 3/CP.7
However, UNMEE can, within its verification mandate, ensure that the parties fulfil their security responsibilities with regard to the employees of enterprises in the field of the Boundary Commission on the ground, and intervene in extreme situations to protect human lives.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
The costs shown in this document are purely indicative.
However, eight countries alone, against the target of 19 who had been identified, have reached their completion of mid-2003.
- On 22 October 2003, between midnight and 015 hours, Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea at the sea of Beirut (on 20 kilometres of the coast), in the direction of Jounié and until the west of Chakka (at 11 kilometres coast).
- The same day, at 21100, a Israeli military boat fired a flare shell in the aforementioned waters.
The Secretariat should strictly comply with the six-week rule governing the issuance of documents and all relevant resolutions and the relevant rules of the General Assembly, in particular the provisions that the Organization should refrain from issuing documents on paper or on the web site as they are not available in all official languages.
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/58/L.36 and Add.1)]
Overall, the situation has never been more favourable for women in 2003.
In the near future, the Sub-Commission will consider the possibility of extending the scope of such prohibited.
The annual budget for childcare services for 2003-2004 will be more than three of the 2000-2001 and the additional funds are mainly for the most disadvantaged areas.
In the context of the action priorities for 2002-2003, the objective of a 72 per cent participation rate by March 2003 and 75 per cent by March 2004 was set up.
The objectives have been set out in relation to the reduction of unwanted pregnancies among adolescent mothers and measures are planned to improve communication, promote education and to provide for women with user-friendly services.
Under the agrarian plan in December 2000, Our National Health: a plan for exchange, NHS must ensure that health personnel are at the same professional, professional and culturally, to meet the specific needs of individuals and families belonging to ethnic minorities.
The Directors of all NHS organizations in Scotland are also personally committed to implementing this programme by signing the Leadership Challenge of the Commission for Racial Equality (Commission on the Equality of Racial Discrimination).
Concerted efforts have been made to improve services in rural areas, such as schools, police forces, posts and childcare services.
The Court is developing a partnership project with advisory organizations, which could involve the use of the equipment in the area of business centres, courtroom and the complainant.
A strategy is currently being developed, with two major objectives: more women and children and to make awareness-raising on choice of security and protection; and to reduce social tolerance of such offences as a result of which they are not more excuses, tolerated or ignored.
In this context, we believe that, as stated in the last session of the Committee 661, a contingency plan to accelerate the process of renegotiating the financial amendments of these contracts is required.
We hope that all issues highlighted by the head of the Office of the Iraq Programme, in the report of the Council, on 29 September last year, as not yet resolved or not the subject of agreement, will be fully resolved to ensure that the transfer of such transfers in the best attainable conditions and time.
It is certainly useful to provide the consequences of universal ratification of treaties, as had already done so to make Mr. Philip Alston, as independent expert (E/CN.4/1997/74).
Report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
They reaffirm the very positive developments and serious difficulties that need to be overcome and overcome if we are, as provided in the Millennium Declaration, assume lasting peace and development.
Table 2
In a democracy, it is the majority of the rules that it wished to join and, during the past few years, Canadians, in their majority, showed that they are less forced, both in real life and in the media.
Research has shown that, in relation to crime issues, it is necessary that, for financial reasons, there is a need for financial reasons to operate and focus on prevention.
Also at the 2nd meeting, before the election, the Assembly, on the recommendation of the Bureau, decided that the mandate of the Deputy Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court would be six years and that it would begin on 3 November following the date of election.
At its 5th meeting, on 12 September 2003, the Assembly adopted its resolution ICC-ASP/2/Res.7, entitled “Strengthening the International Criminal Court and the Assembly of States Parties”, as orally amended (see Part IV of the present report).
The draft budget of the Court is dictated by the primary responsibility of the Court, namely, to conduct fair public trials in a reasonable time.
A second technician is the database of the Office of the Prosecutor and provides the necessary technical support for the daily use of the system.
The structure of the Registry, which is based on the same functional approach that used for other major programmes, aims to ensure greater effectiveness through the establishment of a common services package for both the judiciary and the Office of the Prosecutor.
These three functions require the establishment of three separate sub-groups within the Working Group and Compensation of Victims in 2004, namely, sub-group of participation, sub-group of compensation and sub-group of the Fund for the benefit of victims.
• Subprogramme 3260: Information and Documentation Section
Indicators of achievement
• Travel of staff members of the Prosecutor, the President, the judges and the Deputy Secretaries in high-risk areas: 952 691
It would also serve as adviser to internal legal matters relating to the functioning of the Secretariat.
The Deputy Executive Director explained that the amount of the contribution was only one aspect of the calculation: whether the two other criteria — payment and contributions to thematic funds — the rate could not exceed 8 per cent.
He also welcomed the establishment of a working group on democracy and the supremacy of the right and would like to make more details in this regard.
The Secretary-General has received the following statement, which is being circulated in accordance with paragraphs 36 and 37 of Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996.
However, it was not the modification of a existing reservation, but the formulation of a fully new reservation.
The Office has developed a comprehensive document on legal and judicial reform, which, in the course of the past 10 years, in anticipation of the mid-term meeting of the Donor Consultative Group, will be held in January.
Mexico believes that we should also emphasize the need for more intensive use of the resolution of peaceful settlement measures, as envisaged in Article 33 of the Charter of the United Nations.
During the review of peacekeeping mandates, the Council should be advised on how to provide the necessary skills.
These measures have been negotiated in collaboration with civil society activists; new measures have been made to have a relatively strong consensus within the Government coalition and hoped that the regulations will soon be adopted.
15 and 28 to 31 January and 29 and 30 April 2003
The acceptance and recognition of indigenous peoples at the national, regional and international levels are crucial for the sustainability of the human rights and the environment, and the consent of indigenous peoples to be recognized and guaranteed, without the consent of traditional knowledge, such knowledge, and the consent of traditional knowledge, such knowledge should not become a public domain, and cultural and intellectual property protected under customary law.
The Chairman of the Drafting Committee will receive further clarification and proposals on the structure during the intersessional period.
It may be compounded by 5 to 10 years and the fine of 50,000 to 1,000 FCFA, which was established by the perpetrator in this activity.
- Under-Secretary-General;
The Civil Code, which regulates family relations, contained in its articles 78 and 80 that the human person is subject to the right of birth and until its death is the enjoyment and exercise of all non-citizens without exception.
Studies have also been conducted and structures have been established to ensure effective implementation of all measures taken.
In the case of land, the permission to enter the border can be obtained from the border and border services.
Annex
There is no gap between men and women in other diplomatic communities.
The recognition of the values and potential of assistance that non-governmental organizations can provide the Government of the Government of Croatia with the non-market sector.
[See chap.
The meeting was called to order at 10.20 a.m.
Item 29 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
Mr. Leslie (Belize) said that the exclusion of Taiwan from the United Nations violates the principles of universality and self-determination enshrined in the Charter.
The Economic and Social Council,
Concern was also expressed that the inclusion of a “or commitment to”” would be a broad definition.
However, it was expressed that Variant B did not explicitly refer to the responsibility of the carrier and that its paragraph 1 indicated that the carrier was “internal responsibility” without the first definition of responsibility.
The Working Group as a whole approved the substance of the substance.
* Article 1 (a)
In favour: Algeria, Bahrain, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, China, Cuba, the Russian Federation, Gabon, India, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Kenya, Malaysia, Pakistan, Pakistan, the Syrian Arab Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Sudan, Sri Lanka, Swaziland, Thailand, Togo, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
Beyond the current issue, the United Nations must continue to play an important role in other areas of tension, particularly the question of Palestine.
It is the Iraqi regime that it has always to avoid war.
I would like to emphasize the very useful contributions of many speakers before me, which have greatly enriched our debate on this very important issue.
My delegation listened carefully to the relevant statement by Member States of the United Nations during this debate.
A starting point could be the proposals made yesterday by the Secretary-General, and the two principles that it should guide our decisions in the future of Iraq.
The Security Council, and will continue to bring the primary responsibility for international peace and security.
My Government is fully committed — and will continue to do so in combating international terrorism.
We must be aware that there is still many peoples living under foreign occupation and under international law are right to resist such occupation.
We also have other measures to develop cooperation in this area with other Central Asian States.
It is said:
Specific funding for the resident coordinator of the resident coordinator would continue to be used in support of coordination activities.
As indicated in paragraph 3, the Administrator provides in its budgets for the financing of funds that UNDP manages, with separate funds, subject to the approval of the Executive Board.
It will be forwarded to its partners on lessons learned and confirmed practices that their policies and programmes respond to the concerns of poor women, those who affect and infected HIV/AIDS, those who are in conflict or post-conflict situations and those who are not excluded from participation in decisions affecting their lives and their choice.
The present proposal is therefore not to reduce the rate of recovery to take account of interest earned, which is currently more than 2 per cent.
The ceiling budget for the biennium 2002-2003 amounted to $7.3 million.
In order to allow comparison with the changes in the volume of activities approved for the current budget, the increase in the amount of income and decreases is expressed for the same factors used for approval of credit appropriations.
Regional offices
Burkina Faso reported that it had begun the ratification process.
I have the honour to draw attention to my letter of 3 March 2003 (S/2003/267) transmitting a third report submitted by Indonesia to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
The list of issues before the Council is contained in documents S/2003/40 of 14 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.3 of 21 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.4 of 24 February 2003, S/2003/40/Add.11 of 28 March 2003, S/2003/40/Add.14 of 17 April 2003, S/2003/40/Add.19 of 23 May 2003, S/2003/40/Add.20 of 30 May 2003 and S/2003/40/Add.24 of 27 June 2003.
reforestation and reforestation contribute to poverty reduction in these areas.
Organization of work
In most cases, globalization has resulted in a decrease in the State's income in the amount of tariffs and taxes, and therefore resulted in a reduction in public spending, especially in the social sector.
Clarification was expressed on the Joint Commission on Human Rights (WTO) and the independent expert; some delegations stressed the need for human rights questions, including the right to development, to be discussed in existing forums such as UNCTAD and WTO, said that they were not in favour of the proposal.
At the same time, the aforementioned delegations called for strengthening cooperation, trade and regional integration of South-South regional integration.
One speaker expressed the view that the working group itself was already a follow-up mechanism and that it should be held in order to review national studies and experiences and monitor the implementation of the United Nations conferences.
In this context, the working group believed that States should focus on the elimination of protectionist obstacles to exports of developing countries and to delete in some economic sectors that adversely affect exports of those countries.
It also requested the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to facilitate this work, including the recommendations of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
The group raised questions to the Director of the project on water treatment, chlorine quantities of chlorine use each year, chlorine quantities, which contains water, the number of employees and entities associated with chlorine.
He stressed the importance of effective, accountable and predictable collaboration in this area.
Case studies
Once again, the use of the veto, on 14 October, prevented the adoption of a resolution by all a balanced resolution — a resolution that would not require Israel to respect the principle of the inadmissibility of the acquisition of territory by force and to consider that the separation wall is illegal.
The meeting rose at 12.05 p.m.
Through its development programmes on a year, UNDP, in partnership with other United Nations agencies, encouraged strengthening leadership at the national level in a number of countries — South Africa, Cambodia, Ghana, Haiti, Malaysia, Nepal, Senegal and Swaziland — as well as in the Caribbean region.
List of tables tables
Analysis and valuation 88
The written response of Iraq to this claim may be summarized as follows:
The Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and other Celestial Bodies on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and other weapons of mass destruction on the substance of the seas and the oceans, as well as in the subsoil (Treaty of the seas), the Agreement governing the activities of States on the Moon and other Celestial Bodies and the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty (CTBT).
The Antarctic Treaty, signed on 1 December 1959 and entered into force on 23 June 1961, established the first demilitarized zone.
Mr. Fox (United States of America) said that his delegation had not been able to join the consensus of the draft resolution.
Iraq agreed with the fact that it had not paid attention to these changes.
I believe that if we are honest, we must admit that the word “the end of innocence” has arrived, no need for us.
The last part of the conclusions.
General implications: There is a need to achieve development and combat poverty, if productivity gaps within countries and between countries are reduced through the mobilization of skills, expertise, technology and information in developing countries, with a view to achieving equitable and sustainable development.
Therefore, the strengthening of institutional capacity, skills development and promoting entrepreneurship is also crucial for the success and impact of UNIDO's technical cooperation programmes, which would enable it to use UNIDO's technical cooperation in a new approach, which would enable it to use a more focused approach and effectiveness of the experience and expertise of professionals whose services are provided within the eight UNIDO service modules.
The Non-Aligned Nuclear and Social Treaty, which has entered into force on 30 June 1990, entered into force on 30 June 1990, and the German-German Agreement on preparations and organization throughout the first election to Bundestag on 3 September.
(d) Cultural rights
These rights have been binding at the national level, the ratification of these instruments, but also because under article 25 of the Basic Law of the Law of the Republic of the Congo, it has a superior authority of the ordinary laws and create direct rights and obligations for the inhabitants of the federal territory, as they can be interpreted as general rules of international law.
Only a small number of Parties have devoted a separate chapter to the question of public participation (Australia, New Zealand, the Czech Republic, Sweden), but many have addressed the issue under another perspective, with regard to the participation of NGOs and decision makers (Bulgaria, Finland, France, Latvia, Switzerland) or the general principle (Italy).
Others consider the participation of public participation in the development of plans, programmes and policies with regard to climate change issues (Australia, New Zealand).
During the conflict there is an essential need to maintain a minimum of international environmental cooperation to safeguard natural resources and prevent the health of people to be threatened and the environmental environment.
Where the construction of new wastewater facilities, it is necessary that the construction of such water facilities should be re-evaluated.
The quality of wastewater in the area of water, water and the Mediterranean in Gaza must be consistent with the most recent international standards.
As agreed in the Oslo Agreement II, the installation of the installation in Ramat Hovav in Israel should be used.
Second report on the performance budget
Mr. Barriga (Liechtenstein) said that the past year was a dynamic year for the work of the United Nations in the area of crime prevention and criminal justice.
Specific measures have been taken to combat discrimination in schools, including improving access to education in rural areas and children with special needs, as well as by introducing multilingualism and teaching of indigenous peoples and cultures to promote better understanding between cultures.
Following receipt of additional information and clarification in this regard, the Committee considered the question during several formal and informal meetings, and several proposals on ways to address this problem were presented by the Russian Federation, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
First, all individuals have the duty to help the public power, according to their means, to fully fulfil its fundamental role.
Article 12
(g) It is important to seek special rapporteurs and representatives to keep their functions as well as to deal with issues that are outside their competence.
The Committee considers that the special information programme on the question of Palestine of the Department of Public Information has greatly contributed to the media and public opinion on the situation.
The Arabs sought to establish a just and comprehensive peace through Arab peace initiatives, as reflected in the report of the Secretary-General, will remain a fundamental element of future peace efforts.
The Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the fact that the cost of this first Review Conference, in accordance with article 14 of the Convention, will be borne by States parties and non-parties to the Convention that will participate, and in accordance with the United Nations scale, as appropriate.
(a) Notes with concern that there were a high proportion of General Service staff in the Professional and higher categories and requested the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, as appropriate, to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session;
(c) The ratio of General Service staff in the functions of the secretariat/ Professional and senior staff staff for all offices, and therefore the need for support capacity, is based on the local situation and the development of infrastructure and trade services in the host country.
Five thousand men, women and children died.
The first time, since the country's missile crisis, that the peoples of the world will take the position of two possible options around a crisis of this seriousness; it is, in a diplomatic settlement, a peaceful settlement, a war, with its focus, the serious consequences of such an act for Iraq, the Middle East and the world.
That is in the interest of the Iraqi people.
Thus, in two months of work on the ground, it is to be noted that, through the cooperation of Iraqi authorities, the inspectors have access to more than 200 sites, including presidential sites and private residences.
Indigenous peoples and communities are not deprived of their livelihoods or are forced from land, in violation of the Convention No. 169.
They do not take disciplinary action or other measures against workers or other persons who have filed a complaint or stated that society did not comply with the standards;
Thirdly, he argued that it was necessary to be ready to amend its positions and explore each possibility to find equitable compromises.
Introduction
First.
and
In accordance with the instructions for the Registry (art. 26-30), a preliminary budget was prepared by the Registrar.
Agenda item 5 (continued)
Afghanistan, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, the Democratic People'
That Syria is asking — or anyone in this Chamber — to listen to the voice of wisdom is a contradiction in itself.
Question 3 (c)
The delegation of the United States would like to know about why the establishment of a senior body of senior officials is essential for the progress of the major organizational reforms aimed at strengthening the international civil service (A/57/30, para.
The European Union concurs with the recommendation made by the Commission in its report (A/57/30) concerning the maximum amount of reimbursable education and the grant for studies in the countries and the currency areas listed in paragraph 14 (a) and (b) of paragraph 141, as well as to the recommendation on the lump-sum reimbursement and additional reimbursement of rental costs (paragraph 141).
All parties attended weekly meetings and responded promptly to incidents.
The total number of bank deposits has increased gradually, with an increase of 6 per cent in the last six months.
This hour of history requires us to consider, an introductory summary and action.
Mexico believes that a good reform must be supported on five specific criteria.
[Original: English and French]
In addition, regional integration — developing countries and least developed countries in all regions — has gradually expanded services.
Aims and objectives
However, when this amount is too high, it may have a deterrent effect and to counter the objective of access to, economic, economic and early access to insolvency proceedings.
The assets of the encumbered assets may have a effect to increase the supply of credit, as secured creditors would have insurance that their real rights would not be affected by the opening of insolvency proceedings.
The assets that the debtor has prepared during this period may be recovered by the insolvency representative.
The need for measures to protect the value of the encumbered asset would require a balance with the complexity and potential costs, and the need for the court to be able to take difficult trade decisions on that protection.
Termination clauses
For more transparency in the insolvency regime, it is desirable to clearly define the limits imposed on the powers of the insolvency representative concerning the types of contracts considered in this section.
However, even if this approach was adopted, the insolvency representative should open a procedure to recover the assets or their equivalent value to the counterparty when it is not returned.
As noted above, however, there is a number of a total of a total of the business, and the continued use of its exploitation at a critical stage of its survival.
The following list does not refer to the completeness and, in some cases, the functions overlap or will not be relevant in terms of the provisions of the insolvency law.
In general, the committee will act on behalf of creditors: its functions will therefore be directly linked to the general functions assigned to the latter, as indicated above.
When a creditor committee is established (and the recruitment of professionals), it may be effective to the obligation that it requires its members (and professionals) that they sign of confidentiality agreements.
Some of them are of general rules, for example, that the reorganization plan should be clearly clear and precise to all parties the financial situation of the debtor and the changes in certain rights that are proposed, or set out minimum requirements, such as the plan should provide payment of certain preferential claims.
In practice, the deadline may move from 10 to 45 days (see chap.
The recommendations on the notification of the commencement include the protection of the debtor by calling for the commencement of notice to be notified and by giving it the possibility of transferring this claim.
For example, the ILO Convention on the Protection of Claims of Workers in Matters of Insolvency, 1992 (No. 173).
At the same time, we are concerned about the decline in this area.
With regard to the latter, the programme is responsible for providing support for the Economic and Social Council and the interaction between the Council and the Coordinating Council of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board.
On 6 December, the Chair circulated a draft statement by the Chairman, commending the first anniversary of the Bonn Agreement.
On 17 December, Mr. Hédi Annabi, Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations, introduced a private meeting with the participation of troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), the report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Force in the six months (S/2002/1328).
Forthcoming official meetings
Having obtained the required majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the appointment of Mr. Collen Vxin Kelapile (Botswana) and Mr. Manlan Narcr Ahounou (Côte d'Ivoire I) and the members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in the right and form of form.
Tog accepts Foundation is proud to provide effective electronic communication services that enable G-77 to meet the increasing needs of information and communication.
It is a permanent forum in which higher education institutions and their leaders can discuss issues and important issues in a global and multicultural context.
(f) Bangkok (20-22 November 2002) organized seminars with ESCAP and UNCTAD (approximately 100 participants);
Fund-raising strategies to the private sector
The social fabric of women and girls and young girls who are vulnerable to sexual violence and exploitation.
In the past, former adult combatants were the only people to do so.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations disseminates a comprehensive training manual “Creat and maintenance of peace” in peacekeeping missions and Member States.
There will be a need for more in-country situations and reconstruction.
The international community should take appropriate measures to alleviate them and compensate them.
Web sites President of the General Assembly: www.un.org/ga/president
As at 12 years, Saddam Hussein had brought the Security Council resolutions.
We are today in rapid growth, sustained by a solid research programme and development, industrial infrastructure and security standards.
Taking note of the resolutions adopted on the question by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, which was resolution GC(46)/RES/16, adopted on 20 September 2002,
According to estimates, the reduction of a week of annual sessions should be translated into a more than 3008,300, based on the full cost for the biennium 2004-2005.
They include the realization of the right to water without discrimination, and that measures aimed at ensuring effective, concrete and targeted implementation of the right to water.
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties and the Regional Bureau may, if necessary, request the State Party to provide additional information11.
Add a new subparagraph (f) as follows:
“(a) The aerosber is based on division 2.1 if the content contains more than 85 per cent, mass, non-conlammable components and whether the chemical heat of combustion is equal or more than 30 kJ/g;
“In addition to UN 3175, the test test is not required when liquid is fully absorbed in a solid sense in a bag-to-copory.
P903 Add the following paragraph after “Eotbley satisfactory at the test of packing group II.
4.1.9.2.1 Replace the “business of the type of Article 1 (categories I P-1)”, “business of type 2 (type IP-2) and “business of type 3 (type box I P-3)" by "colis of type I-1-1”, "colis of type IP-2" and "colature type IP-3" respectively.
Paragraphs 6.1.4 to 6.1.4.7.6 becomes 6.1.4.6 to 6.1.4.6.6 and 6.1.4.8 and 6.1.4.8.1 to 6.1.4.7 and 6.1.4.7 respectively respectively.
6.2.2.6.3.3 Management of the system
Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/58/468)
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
Ms. Kuinyeha noted that, according to paragraphs 143 and 144, women victims of trafficking are immediately expelled from Switzerland and that, in the country, they cannot be tried against the perpetrators.
In undertaking, with the support of the international community, the security, security, sound economic management and good governance in Africa, African leaders seek to build NEPAD on a sustainable and credible basis.
Without support to the related evils of the archaeologicalism, we can state that it has been used successfully to ensure development and stability in other countries and in other regions.
While there has been a backlog over the past two years, the amount still remains short of the 1990s.
The firm commitment of the international community, from the floor to action, and the continued and responsible leadership of Africa, working actively towards the sustainable development of the continent, will contribute to ensuring the full achievement of NEPAD.
It is the first legally binding international treaty on trade in biotechnology products.
• Travel of pollutants of pollutants and organicutrients through ad hoc sources;

As the Secretary-General has indicated in his last report, a note was taken in the review of cooperation activities in 1999 by the White Helmets Commission, the implementation of the White Helmets formula and the experience gained in this framework.
Introduction
(f) Working paper submitted by the Chairman (A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6, CRP.6/Rev.1, CRP.6/Rev.1/Add.1 and CRP.6/Rev.2; A/AC.268/2003/CRP.6/Rev.2, became A/AC.268/2003/WP.3)
(a) The parent or guardian of the child or children was a member of the United Nations civilian staff in carrying out its functions in the service of peace, excluding those who died from natural causes or a accident, after the actual date of the establishment of the Fund;
(i) Measures to promote judicial cooperation (extradition, mutual legal assistance, controlled delivery, combating drug trafficking, cooperation in the area of law enforcement and training);
Article 16 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council provides that members of the Bureau of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs remain at the same time until the election of their successors and are eligible for re-election.
(c) The COP should organize research on cooperative models in order to demonstrate that it is better and can be used in innovative ways, and create ways to share best practices and experience.
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document.
Some delegations expressed their preference for the text that the previous coordinator had developed to the end of others expressed preference for the proposal made by States members of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference (OIC), all delegations took note of the important concessions already made on this subject.
There is a risk of overlap and duplication.
The family, which is the fundamental group of society and the natural environment for the sustainable development and well-being of all its members, must be protected and receive necessary assistance to assume all its responsibilities.
Palestinian children are the first affected by Israeli actions; assassinations, destruction, destruction and detention are the result of those children who have access to education or medical care.
The current situation in the Israeli occupation is very far from a “World Fit for Children”.
We hope that the International Year of Sport and Physical Education and its vast range of activities will help to achieve the desired goals of the draft resolution.
(a) To give special attention to the protection of refugee children, especially minor minors, and children displaced within their country, who are exposed to the risk of abducted or forced to participate in armed conflict;
Note verbale dated 2 September 2003 from the Permanent Mission of Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Recalling its resolutions 49/75 H of 15 December 1994, 50/70 C of 12 December 1995, 51/45 G of 10 December 1996, 52/38 K of 9 December 1997, 53/77 U of 4 December 1998, 54/54 D of 1 December 1999, 55/33 R of 20 November 2000, 56/24 U of 4 November 2001 and 57/78 of 22 November 2002,
Middle East and North Africa
Child protection problems - against abuse and sexual exploitation in particular — were the main obstacles to girls' education.
The Director-General for West Africa and Central Africa indicated that several countries in the region were in the process of developing legislation for more stringent penalties for traffickers convicted.
The institutional framework for public service organizations (NGOs) has already been established.
UNICEF is currently preparing two strategies to combat HIV/AIDS.
Resources to be allocated to this type of activities have already been included in the programme budget for the biennium under section 24 (Human rights) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
This amount would cover the costs of 12 military advisers and staff members of the two staff members ($288) and of the total of 60 national staff, including a total of 32 staff members, including 32 international staff and the staff members of the United Nations system, and the increase of a total of 60 staff members, including the total of 32 posts, including 32 international staff and staff members; 43 United Nations Volunteers, compared with 32 above, or 11 more than the expert and consultants ($1,00,000); travel (6577,300); operating costs (189,440,100) and information and training programmes ($315,500).
Review of the programme of work: proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
I should like to draw the attention of the members of the Council on the other documents: S/2003/603 and S/2003/758, letters dated 2 June and 24 July 2003, addressed to the Secretary-General by the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations; and S/2003/685 and S/2003/698, letters dated 2 July and 9 July 2003 respectively, addressed to the Secretary-General by the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Lebanon to the United Nations.
“I I have the honour, in my capacity as Chairman of the United Nations Conference of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, to invite Mr. Ahmad Hajihoinini, Deputy Permanent Observer of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to the United Nations, Chargé d'affaires a.i. to the Council under article 39 of its provisional rules of procedure during the consideration of the Council's consideration of the agenda item entitled “The situation in the Middle East, including the Palestinian question”.
But the effect is the same.
The fear of fear is still very bad and is a artificial solution to the problems confronting Israel.
The Minister for Foreign Affairs of Norway would like to reiterate this conviction without any evidence during its interview with President Arafat today.
At the same time, the construction of Jewish settlements, the presence of Israeli security forces in the occupied territories, as well as the excessive use of force against innocent Palestinians, breeding despair.
However, it also took note of the different views that had been expressed in the Working Group with regard to the form and scope of the instrument, its fundamental principles and some of its main features.
24-711) agreed to recommend to the secretariat to follow the suggestions to expand the scope of the study in addition to the barriers to electronic commerce that could be derived from other instruments of other organizations proposed for inclusion, and to consider with those organizations the modalities for the implementation of the necessary studies, taking into account the constraints that could be imposed by the secretariat on the current workload.
Enterprises who operate in legitimate commercial activities should not be afraid to disclose their identity or business.
(i) To carry out a new reduction of non-strategic nuclear weapons that is transparent, verifiable and irreversible, based on unilateral initiatives and in the context of the nuclear arms reduction process and nuclear disarmament;
The international community must redouble its efforts to ensure universal adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and prohibits any measures that would undermine its strong commitment to preventing the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The members of the State Duma of the State party said that when considering the purposes of ratification of the documents submitted to the United Kingdom in the Agreement for the Partnership and Cooperation between the Russian Federation and the European Communities and their member States, others will determine whether Latvia will fulfil its human rights obligations and national minorities.
She would also like to know whether the Government encourages the training of women's organizations.
Science and technology as a basis for sustainable forest management
Secondly, it must be used to use the knowledge of cases of case studies to develop indicators for the different factors of stress and that are both specific and solid.
Date and venue
The President: The sponsors of draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.9 expressed the wish that the text be adopted by the Commission without a vote.
Through the simplified interface, it is possible to have access to the database but also other information available on the website.
Chapter II.
Draft conclusions proposed by the Chair
Political coordination
Recognizing the need for greater coherence and efficiency in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the new millennium and in the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration,
Pilot projects were approved for two Territories and their implementation would be reviewed carefully to determine whether they can be applied elsewhere.
The Supreme Council of the Judiciary shall, inter alia, inform the candidates on the list referred to in article 3, paragraph 5, between two candidates whose names are also provided by the Secretary-General, which will serve as an international investigating judge and the alternate.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
KUFEC's claim for the period of development of the Kapi Kilani 56 - 95
KAFCO evaluated fuel Jand A-1 to its replacement cost in May 1991, based on the average price of the purchased goods.
The production profile used after this date is based on the annual production rate that it considered in 1994, although the actual production figures are now available.
Ms. Pham Thiga (Viet Nam) said that, in explanation of his delegation's position, the draft resolution lacks objectivity and did not reflect progress made in the protection and promotion of human rights in Myanmar.
The draft resolution has been untenable on the request that the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo addressed the international community on the establishment of an international criminal tribunal for its country to end violence and impunity.
In November, Is Galia, mothers of seven children, was killed in a terrorist attack in the same area.
They are essential to achieve a comprehensive settlement.
Since the international community has endorsed the road map accepted by the Israeli and Palestinian sides, its implementation requires a genuine political will to achieve the final objective, namely, the settlement of two States, envisaged by the President of the United States.
Despite some positive signs that have recently made a revival of the political process, Israeli colonization policies and the continued construction of the separation wall will be contrary to all peace efforts.
The Charter of the Organization reflects our collective commitment to cooperate in promoting peace and development.
However, while the death of the terrorists on all board, we must admit that one of the sources of this tragedy lies in despair of some peoples, victims of frustration and intolerable injustices that will not be addressed.
On the other hand, Iran has no nuclear weapons programme and does not mean it.
Armenia intends to move forward.
The unilateral use of military force, transrogation of the Charter of the United Nations and in violation of the principles of international law, could undermine the international security system and encourage countries, individually, to acquire weapons of mass destruction.
In 1970, States parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, under article VI, have committed themselves
Reaffirming the need to implement General Assembly resolution 54/109 of 9 December 1999 in which the Assembly adopted the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism,
Completion Strategy of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
According to the Prosecutor, some of those accused are killed and other are never arrested.
In addition, following a change in October 2001, article 41 of the Constitution establishes the family as an entity based on the equality of spouses.
This plan provides for the establishment of the villages of the villages that must be held at least one woman among their members and who are responsible for implementing the project at the village level.
We are willing to continue cooperating closely with the Tribunal for these trials.
With regard to the question raised by the representative of China, whether a combination of the completion strategy and a rapid transfer strategy would allow cases to be completed in time, as the President said, the judicial process was not easily predictable.
Subregional level
That is why solutions to prevent the use of ballistic missiles for military purposes are through the complete elimination of weapons of mass destruction, at the forefront of nuclear weapons.
In order to export export, it was proposed to reduce subsidies and export credits, but without a clear or precise change.
Welcomes, in this regard, the establishment, by the Community, the Women's Network, which aims to empower women, including through facilitating access, in good conditions, credit and commercial and technical training;
Such a project is under way in Central Asia.
Identification
Contents
Some participants stressed the need to explore the possibility of establishing an international stabilization fund that would play the role of the insurance mechanism to help to meet the losses resulting from the implementation of response measures.
Recognizing the importance of collaboration between the organizations that sponsor the Global Observing System,
Recommends that the Commission on Human Rights renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for a period of three years;
The Special Representative recommends that the death penalty should be removed from legislation on the criminal sanctions of both Republics and that it is expressly prohibited in their respective constitutions.
The Commission decided to establish an open-ended working group on ways to improve the predictability of funding.
In particular, it was mentioned that the proposed provision for the inadmissibility of a situation in which the consequences of the introduction of sanctions would inflict material and financial damage to third States.
It would be desirable to suspend the sanctions in cases of extraordinary circumstances or force majeure (natural disasters, threats of famine, widespread unrest resulting in a lack of administration of the country), in order to prevent humanitarian disasters.
Accordingly, the need for a temporary suspension of sanctions should be considered in case.
The sponsor delegation proposed the following wording: “The temporary suspension of sanctions is desirable in emergency situations and in the case of force majeure in order to prevent humanitarian disasters, and should be decided for a case in case, with respect to this suggestion, was expressed that it did not have a satisfactory approach to the idea that such a provision could not be necessary if humanitarian exemptions were already planned in the sanctions regime.
It was further noted that the last principle (sect. 5 above) raised an important problem of codification and progressive development of international law and that the Commission of International Law wished to know as well as the Sixth Committee in the debate.
Transparency will remain the characteristic of the Committee's work against terrorism.
As a result, despite the slight modification that recommended by the Group of Governmental Experts, the concerns of members of the League of Arab States remained unchanged; they believe that the scope of the Register, in particular the fact that the experience of the past years has shown that, in the past seven categories of conventional weapons, it would not be limited to universal participation.
Our assessment report on Liberia is another example of how Member States can help to strengthen our gains in the rule of law.
In my delegation, it is a historic opportunity that the Republic of San Marino is the first time that the Republic of San Marino takes the floor to the Security Council.
Decides further that the Office of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee will consist of five representatives of Member States elected according to the principle of equitable geographical representation;
The Board of Auditors has raised several points concerning the liquidation of UNMIBH (A/57/5 (v.1), para.
Please indicate, if appropriate, how your efforts are coordinated at the national, regional and international levels.
Assistance and proceedings
Source: Hague Conference, Reports, Convention No. 2 (available on www.hcch.net/f/conventions/text02f.html).
The obstacles to full and full participation of women in political life are rather origin in traditional attitudes of society; there is a lack of resistance, the share of men to the fact that women can play a role at a decision-making level.
The trial of another Kosovo Serb, accused of the war of April to Mitrovica, began on 22 November.
Research activities using rocket-propelled rockets, as well as space space missions, are designed and carried out in Esrange by the research teams in the areas of the physical use of plasmas, astronomy, air chemistry and science.
UNCTAD's activities in the field of trade and development had not been designed to duplicate the work of other organizations, but to consider the relationship between trade and development in a comprehensive and integrated manner in order to facilitate and strengthen the process and negotiations in other forums.
The experimental phase had already enabled the capacity of Somali institutions responsible for disarmament, demobilization and reintegration.
The Unit: All reviewers.
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the Committee at its seventh session on action taken to implement this decision.
“Doters of village”
Regional initiatives
The defence of those who are not able to protect is in your personal responsibility.
The Commission on Human Rights must play an essential role in improving the human rights situation in Afghanistan.
Invites Parties and other relevant entities, both public and private, as well as multilateral agencies to continue to contribute to voluntary contributions or as appropriate in accordance with their mandates, activities relating to the development and implementation of programmes of action to combat desertification in all affected regions;
Ms. Silot Bravo (Cuba) said that, in order to address the issue at a meeting of the expanded bureau, it seems to be a solution to a solution, given that the views expressed by the Expanded Bureau, which would be held informally, would not reflect those of the Commission as a whole.
(iv) All costs and outputs relating to the duly authorized representative of the Secretary-General to serve in the International Advisory Council and Monitoring during the period of six months, following the costs of the United Nations;
Its actions against terrorism using weapons of mass destruction will also be consistent with the framework of the three stages of the United Nations Counter-Terrorism Committee, as well as the establishment of the necessary legal framework for counter-terrorism, then to strengthen the executive structures for the implementation of legislation and to develop international cooperation against terrorism.
Its production of production remains close and somewhat diversified.
Despite the unprecedented periods of hope of us to achieve a just, lasting and comprehensive peace in the Middle East, the region has been the theatre of armed clashes during other phases and periods that had profound implications and implications on peace efforts that Egypt has been successfully and clear, taking all opportunities to establish a just and comprehensive peace for countries and peoples of the Middle East.
Also urges States to take all appropriate measures to protect cultural and religious sites of national or ethnic minorities, religious and linguistic minorities;
Draft resolution (A/58/L.10)
In addition, the lack of effective control of the flag State includes the maritime sector in the area of criminals engaged in smuggling of arms and drug trafficking and diamonds.
The eleventh session of the Commission on Sustainable Development will be held from 29 April to 9 May 2003 in New York.
In times of war, by the territorial courts of the armed forces and the military courts in the armed community.
Participants were in the number of 115 59 countries, including representatives of government agencies, international organizations, consumer organizations, and trade and industry.
The PRESIDENT had been honoured to chair the twenty-fifth and twenty-sixth sessions of the Council, which coincided with a period where four years of reform, the Organization enjoys greater stability.
Ghana, despite financial constraints, undertook to honour its financial obligations to the Organization.
Location of regular sessions
If the President ceases to be representative of a member of the Governing Council or in the inability to fulfil its functions, or if the State member is committed to a member of the Governing Council, the Office shall designate a Vice-Chairmen as a Acting President until a new President was elected by the Executive Board.
The role of poverty and its impact on the entire population was highlighted.
Paragraph 12.29 (a)
It was welcomed the deletion of 57 products and rationalization of publications.
The Committee recommended that the dissolution of the Committee of Missing Persons in Cyprus, given that there is a long time of agreement on how to implement its programme of work and is not able to fulfil its mandate.
The representative of the Secretary-General explained that the programme budget for UNHCR was presented as a grant for streamlining the link between OHCHR and the Secretariat and to ensure greater flexibility.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35 (Review for development) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
The subprogramme 2 strategy should take into account the decision of the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Conclusions and recommendations
The Committee recommended that the triennial review and conclusions be submitted to the Commission on the Status of Women for consideration and action, as appropriate.
The list of participants in annex I, documents before the Working Group are listed in annex II.
A minority representative recommended autonomy for the people of Guyana in a specific region of Nigeria, explaining that it would promote socio-economic development and the full participation of Ogonis in the control of resources.
The term “new minorities” has not been accepted by all, its use for discussion and more depth.
Training courses for minorities should be encouraged to learn from human rights mechanisms and the development agenda.
(a) United Nations Institute for Training and Research;
There is, however, a new consensus on the question of the public sector's role in energy development for sustainable development (which could include the objectives of public policies, to settle priorities and to guide markets, without losing sight that market forces will not be sufficient to address energy poverty in developing countries, particularly in rural areas.
Currently, the approach could be described as a “re transformation”: some provisions of the Convention have been transformed into specific laws.
(c) The two C-16 Turkish military aircraft from the FIR of Ankara entered into the FIR of Nicosia, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, and circled over the occupied area of Sintololos Andreas before exiting in the direction of the east, which is in the opposite sense.
There is a need for long-term and political will.
13 June 2003
The examples of Côte d'Ivoire, Sierra Leone, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and most recently Liberia, show the full success of our Organization in the deployment, sometimes in emergency conditions, more complex peace operations, involving multiple partners on the ground.
On 16 May 2003, the Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court, Mr. Luis Moreno Ocampo, has come to our Geneva office to discuss with the areas of collaboration.
These words are the best tribute to the work done by MONUC.
Mr. Pujalte (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): I would like to thank your delegation for having provided an important item that human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo for the agenda of the Council.
A ecosystem approach implies the expansion of the functions and processes involved in management decisions.
E/CN.17/2002/PC.2/3, annex, sixteenth preambular paragraph.
The Intergovernmental Group on Forests
(iii) Possible measures to reduce risks, particularly political risks, to investors engaged in sustainable forest management in emerging economies;
No more than the United States has made money to Iranian nationals after missiles in Iran flying a Iranian commercial aircraft over Iran.
Students in knowledge management, particularly on accounting
(b) Technical analysis and design of systems (C.e., which covers information technology issues, is dealt with in the module 3.
The Government of Israel is headed by a known terrorist act, Ariel Sharon, who, following two officers who participated in the massacre of Kafr Qassem in 1956, ordered the burning of Palestinian children to their mothers.
Further requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the budget of the conference services, in which the resources provided under temporary assistance would provide to meet the full demand for the cost of the General Service on the basis of current experience;
Paragraph 2 would be very close to paragraph 2 of the provision of article 32, paragraph 2, and would therefore be “all of the use of the ground that may be required for the execution of the project” in accordance with ... ... (a) and would be followed by the options that are currently currently in square brackets in paragraph 2 of the provision of article 32, which may possibly be a reference to regulatory changes.
A second term could be added to the French version.
Model provision 33, as amended, is approved and referred to the drafting group.
[ENGLISH ONLY] Annex II
(f) That, as proclaimed in article 11 of the Declaration on the Protection of All Persons from Enforced Disappearance, all persons deprived of liberty must be released in a manner that would enable them to verify a reasonable basis for their effective use of their physical integrity and the possibility of making their rights;
The study revealed that the way in which the administrative services of the Secretariat can not make full use of the opportunities offered by technology, or to adopt more modern practices like other organizations.
Having considered the report submitted by the Secretary-General pursuant to the request made in its resolution 57/110 of 3 December 2002,
(e) To improve cooperation with the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Myanmar and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on the situation of human rights in Myanmar, in order to carry out Myanmar with a transition to a civilian regime, and to ensure that all the two are fully and freely accessible to Myanmar and that all persons cooperating with the Special Envoy and the Special Rapporteur are subject to any kind of intimidation, harassment or punishment;
“The Economic and Social Council, taking note of Economic and Social Commission resolution 2003/... of ... April 2003, endorsed the Commission's decision to extend a year of 3 March 1992 and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit a interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session and to report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.”
• It should be considered seriously to dismantle the major mining activities carried out by the State, such as Gamam and MIBA (Miner of Bakwanga).
Expresses its appreciation to Governments that have paid additional contributions for the establishment of national human rights institutions and the strengthening of them;
Endorses the recommendations and conclusions contained in paragraph 52 of the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country;1
The unutilized balance is due mainly to the decision that had been taken to purchase new high-scale generators, generators available to be repaired by spare parts and sufficient to ensure electricity production.
Recalling that United Nations human rights instruments and programmes and programmes of global action call for the granting of the family of protection and assistance as possible, and that the family is of various forms, which differ from cultural, political and social systems,
The Voorburg Group focused on the problems of identification of suppliers and the quality of any existing registry.
Reaffirms its role in the budget process of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, which, inter alia, advises the Programme for the preparation and implementation of the biennial budget and management of the Programme on the basis of the priorities established by Member States;
Capacity-building in the medium-term sector: support to entities and planning entities (public and private) responsible for trade and development policies; support for the formulation and implementation of legislation; inter-ministerial coordination; research and training capacity on development issues, etc.
Discussions were focused on those issues and draft resolutions, and discussed at the 11th to 15th meetings, from 20 to 24 October (see A/C.1/58/PV.11-1).
Oceans and the law of the sea
The team completed its mission that lasted six hours, and then returned to the Qasr Ninawa in Mosul.
The National Monitoring Directorate informed the appointment of the Board and encouraged to participate in the meeting.
The importance of high-level services as a engine for economic and social development should be recognized.
]
(b) In fact, for any person who directs an entity of the private sector or is working, in some quality, for such a entity, to seek or accept, directly or indirectly, an undue advantage, in itself or to another person or entity, in order to carry out or refrain from any act or to do so, as well as its duties [the relationship with a economic, financial or commercial operation, which cause injury to the private sector in question].
(j) To identify, freeze and locate the funds of illicit origin derived from corruption;
The subsidiary body of the Conference of the States Parties establishes a questionnaire to collect information on the implementation of the Convention.
According to those delegations, it would be important to ensure that the system for the convention should take into account existing regional mechanisms and to avoid unnecessary duplication.
Text taken from the proposal submitted by Norway (A/AC.261/L.78).
Some Parties (No. 32) presented a “without action”.
For this year, a projection is provided for agriculture but not for energy.
(b) To make a difference between the various cases of difficulty in which more resources in the highly complex cases are encountered;
Agenda item 84
In addition, the thematic meetings of treaty bodies, which contribute to improving and more transparent human rights protection in a specific area.
At its second plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of the fifty-eighth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”, the item entitled “Implementation and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” and to allocate consideration to the Third Committee.
In response to the resolve of States that are not nuclear weapons, States that are working to make tangible progress in the sense of nuclear disarmament must be ensured.
(v) Take note of the fact that planted forests are sometimes at the expense of natural forests and are related to the rights and means of the existence of local populations (as highly discouraged in the Santiago meeting).
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General dated 18 March 2003 (S/2003/333) and the recommendations contained therein, supported by the Secretary-General's proposal that a electoral unit would be established within UNAMA, and urges Member States to support the activities of the United Nations in the electoral field in Afghanistan;
I have the honour to draw your attention to my letter of 18 July 2002 (S/2002/778) transmitting a supplementary report submitted by Spain to the Counter-Terrorism Committee pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
It strives to promote TCDC in the areas of policy analysis, institutional capacity-building and training.
Ecuador has five women who are receiving the embassy, compared to 61 men.
Ms. Aguilar Montalvo (Ecuador) said that the most important legislative amendment was the revision of the Family Code, which had occurred to the Congress on first reading and is awaiting a second reading.
Resolution 14536 (2003)
Decision No. 336, replenishment of the National Commission for Action against Air Air and Terrorism as a National Security Council.
Career
Reaffirming the right of peoples to self-determination, as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
The fruitful exchange of views, which were followed by delegations to better understand the nature and methodology of technical assistance.
AFUR African Union
H.E. Mr. M. M. M.E. Mr. M.E. Mr.
However, it may be necessary to take a variety of factors, including the rules of the organization, its practice, the question of effective control and the existence of an agreement governing its relations with the State.
OHCHR on the generosity of donors, especially donor Governments, to cover these needs.
The key task remains to rectify the effects of past violence and to address current violations while developing national capacities to promote and protect human rights.
(d) Statistical capacity-building;
The first results of the work of the Community would provide a rich potential for cooperation between the Community and the International Organization, based on the principles of partnership, participation and complementarity of efforts.
29B.24 Programme planning and budget preparation are part of the Programme Planning and Budget Division.
Letter dated 2 June 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
In its resolution 57/175 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to implement the measures recommended by the Working Group in this regard.
In view of these contributions, the Fund's balance of the Fund's trust fund for 31 December 2003 should be estimated at $735,600.
Request for hearing
Variant A
The definition of “electronic signature” corresponds to the definition of the same term in article 2 of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Signatures.
For further information, please contact Ms. Nicoole Valenta (room DC1-603; tel. 1 (212) 963-9684 or 963-9196).
With the exception of sales publications and documents issued by the Department of Public Information, hyperlinked official documents listed hereunder may be accessed through the Official Document System of the United Nations.
Ltd. (Sudan); LXO = Loror Air Air (Egypt); NL = LoneSar Airways (wed by the Government of Liberia); Relief Relief Transport Services Ltd (United Kingdom).
The smuggling is still more than 50 per cent of trade.
The looting and illegal extortion by the security forces affected by the security forces, the extortion and other bribs are a cause for economic stabilization and can only discourage capital flows by foreign private investors.
The United Nations should play an active role in the negotiations.
In some cases, the disappearances of such weapons would be, according to the testimony gathered, of the powder.
The prevalence of HIV/AIDS is increasing and children accounted for 7 per cent of the population infected.
However, the country offices are working to develop lessons learned and recommendations.
Introduction - purposes and purposes
Press conferences
The status of ratification of the conventions and information received on the implementation of programmes of action is among the key indicators of progress in the fight against slavery and the practices of amnesties.
The observer for UNICEF introduced the activities of the Fund in the area of child protection.
Calls upon the United Nations bodies and institutions to develop and implement codes of conduct prohibiting any form of sexual exploitation of United Nations personnel, service providers, and invites non-governmental organizations to do so in their field of competence;
Invites States and non-governmental organizations to undertake research in order to achieve a better understanding of the diversion of certain practices in order to intimidate women and girls victims of trafficking;
The Institute also participated in the Meeting of African Ministers on the Convention, held in Algiers on 28 and 29 October 2002;
Recalling also Security Council resolution 1493 (2003) of 28 July 2003,
In accordance with the rules of procedure and the decision taken at the 1990 session on improving and effectiveness of its functioning (CD/1036), the Conference of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Jordan, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malta, Monaco, Nepal, Oman, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malta, Monaco, Nepal, Oman, the Philippines, Portugal, Qatar, the Republic of Moldova, the Czech Republic, San Marino, Saint See, Serbia and Montenegro, Singapore, Slovenia, Sudan, Thailand, Thailand and Yemen.
I hope that the Ministers will seek further action on all vital security issues.
It is also concerned about the potential links between terrorism and weapons of mass destruction.
Against:
(A/58/214)
Encourages countries to submit national reports to the Commission at its consideration of the Commission at its consideration of the Commission in particular, highlighting the concrete progress made in implementation, including the results achieved, difficulties encountered and opportunities available;
(d) To strive to achieve, within the Commission, a better and more balanced representation of major groups of all regions;
The issue of agricultural subsidies, which distort trade trade, was raised and considered as a serious obstacle to achieving sustainable development goals.
(b) In 2004-2005, additional activities to undertake a balance, assessment and analysis of the progress made in the Commission's sessions, including coordinating information received from various sources and activities aimed at strengthening capacity for the Commission's sessions; the creation and management of a transparent and transparent information and communication system, as well as a record containing information on partnerships for consideration by the Commission.
This assistance has helped to develop teaching materials, train trainers and senior managers, and provide technical and financial support to the organization of training sessions by Cambodian trainers.
The total net amount (i.e. the amount of USD 433,432,044 and the amount of USD 178,784,511 for the preparation of the files” claims for the provision of USD 333,84,471, in the first part of the sixteenth instalment, was USD 479,92,277,82.
These pilot projects, which will be designed and implemented under international cooperation, will ensure that regional initiatives conducted by various organizations or groups of organizations produce synergy.
The Fifth Committee, having considered the status of the programme budget implications submitted by the Secretary-General and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, as outlined below, will be required for the biennium 2004-2005 in accordance with section 2, General Assembly affairs and conference services, 1,004,600, section 4, Disarmament, 2540,200, section 29D, Office of Central Support Services,
As part of its reception programme, the Government will immediately provide housing, food aid and language services for all returnees, men and women, and attempted to find a job, thereby providing the provision of a number of services.
As part of international cooperation, the Government is carrying out a complete overhaul of its centre of statistics and census, with a view to improving data collection and updating and providing a breakdown by sex.
There is a growing literature on the contribution of human rights in general to poverty reduction, and examples of more practices in many of this contribution.
See for example, Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, 1993, Part 1, paragraph 5, and CESCR General Comment No. 14, paragraph 3.
Is it possible to reduce duplication in the work of the Committee and those of international organizations?
- Local governments, which are responsible for the law on local governments, annex II, to address the issue of vulnerable children, should develop their potential in more pragmatic ways;
Chapter II of the report (A/57/151) provides an overview of the evolution of net transfers of resources to or from developing countries.
It is important to continue the dialogue that has been initiated in Johannesburg on the issue of conversion of investment in the environment and sustainable development.
There were cases in the past where the meetings of States parties have been delayed or cancelled owing to the lack of quorum.
On the occasion of Human Rights Day, the Office of New York of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized several activities to celebrate the fifty-fifth anniversary of the proclamation of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the tenth anniversary of the World Conference on Human Rights and the allocation of basic human rights prices.
It was stated that efforts should be made to avoid the problem when considering the provisions of chapter 8 in the light of existing instruments on electronic commerce.
He reaffirmed that P&I Club had supported the implementation of the Treaty on carriage to cover and indicate that the transport industry, in a wide part, was to be noted that the transport industry, in a broad part, adopted a network for multimodal transport, including in the Conference's Conference/ITC and the transport letter of COMBICON.
In response to a question concerning the reasons for which the draft instrument should apply a default rule in a case of “non-stthal damage”, it was reiterated that the most important of this item was to ensure that the liability regime applicable to such damage is predictable and secure.
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Economic and Social Council Chamber
10 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room 6
A briefing on the Youth Employment Network prepared by the Secretary-General, organized by the Permanent Mission of Senegal, in collaboration with the Secretariat of the Youth Employment Network, the World Bank and ILO, will be held today, 30 September 2003, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 5.
The next meeting of the Technical Subgroup of the Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 2003, at 11 a.m. in Conference Room 5, under the chairmanship of H.E. Ms. June Yvonton Clarke (Barbados).
As at 30 June 2003, the strength would be strengthened by 22 international staff (171), 4 D-1, 13 P-5, 15 P-4, 74 P-3, 13 P-2/1, 29 Field Service and 74 General Service (Other level)), 537 national staff, 25 Professional staff and 20 United Nations Volunteers.
The latter would be assisted by a secretary (General General Service (Other level)) and a driver (the national plan).
Ms. Shin asked about the level of cooperation between the Federal Commission for Women's Affairs, the Federal Office for Gender Equality between Women and Men and the Swiss Conference of Women and Men, and expresses concern about the lack of resources allocated to the Commission and the Bureau.
3, p. 3.
Resolution 1998/46, para.
This option is to launch a joint programme of work with IAEA to develop a standard for the implementation of the IAEA safety standards with the appropriate participation of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, in accordance with the procedures and mechanisms of the IAEA and the Committee on Reporting.
Option 3
In our very great regret, the Secretariat of the United Nations has taken no action to redeploy United Nations observers in the demilitarized zone between Iraq's invasion of Kuwait, so that they can fulfil the tasks of the Security Council.
Primary health care remains very difficult in many countries.
Recently, in Cancún, our trade negotiations have been hit.
Among those groups, the National Women's Forum is a forum of dialogue and permanent dialogue, a multi-stakeholder and representative-based dialogue, enabling women's organizations to participate in the development, negotiation and guidance of national policies for the full development of women in accordance with peace agreements.
With regard to women's participation in productive, cultural and political associations, the Secretariat sets out guidance for the legalization of such groups, training of their members on social organization and capacity-building for leadership, self-esteem and human rights in the departments of Chiquimula, Zacapa, Izabal and Santa Rosa.
Women's Health Week.
This collaboration could begin by the holding of an international symposium to study various aspects of commercial fraud and where different stakeholders could exchange views.
Fifty-seventh session
The present document contains information on the following non-governmental organization requested to receive consultative status with UNIDO: the World Federation of Free Trade Services (GEFZA).
In this letter, he also expressed the hope that the authorities would seriously consider the adoption of these measures and would make it possible on the incident of the “basy”.
With regard to the reports and recommendations of the teams that could be taken into account in the preparation of the report of the Committee to the Assembly, the Working Group of the Whole decided to circulate a model for the chairpersons of a model for their contribution to the Committee's report.
6-20 June 2003, New York
They also noted that the African Union was the outcome of the common vision of a united and strong Africa that would enable the African continent to address the multiple challenges that the continent and its populations must face in the light of social, economic and political transformations that occur in the world.
They emphasized that such institutions should resist efforts of some countries that use their conditionalities to defend their interests.
They called on donor countries to increase their contributions to humanitarian assistance to a proportion of the needs of affected populations, without compromising the degree of interest of the media, or by the geographical position of the location where it requires the need for humanitarian assistance.
The investigations carried out by Tunisia that no Tunisian bank body or any contractor has no funds, financial assets or resources belonging to individuals or entities on the above list.
Report of the Intergovernmental Preparatory Committee on its second session
Taking note of the recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General that a coordinating body should be designated within the United Nations system to provide support in this area and the regional commissions of the United Nations should include certain activities,
Convinced that the responsibility for road safety is vested in the local, municipal and national levels,
Thematic discussion (theme I will be decided on the basis of consultations by the Office of the High-level Committee with Member States).
The draft amendment to the Money Laundering Act, which establishes acts of terrorism punishable by the Criminal Code in accordance with the Act, empowers the Office of the Prevention of Money Laundering to freeze the funds or financial assets of persons or individuals responsible for terrorism.
1-12 March 2004
This situation is reviewed periodically on the basis of a report submitted to the Council by the Secretary-General.
Recommendations for the Government of Guinea-Bissau
The non-governmental organization Dalat Counsellor, and the Nshin County Management Section will be the host of the seminar.
It should, ultimately, contribute to the development of national and regional policies and regulations establishing sustainable management of land resources and to end a qualitative and quantitative improvement of arable land and an increase in agricultural productivity.
“The Permanent Forum calls upon Governments to include in their programmes and plans of action and their educational and cultural policies, the content of indigenous knowledge, spiritual and religious traditions, customs and religious ceremonies, as well as their history, vision of cosmos, philosophy and values.
The cold war mentality and the role of nuclear weapons in the doctrines of nuclear-weapon States, the deadlock in which the Conference on Disarmament is currently the absence of negotiations on a legally binding instrument on safeguards, and especially the increased risk of use of nuclear weapons, have created a precarious situation that the non-nuclear-weapon States had a serious need for negative security assurances.
Participated in the drafting of the Convention on the Rights of the Child under the auspices of the Fourth Biennial Conference of the International Association of Women, held in Ottawa, Canada, from 21 to 24 May 1998
Cuba
Therefore, they must be safe by a number of provisions, namely:
- The right to intellectual property rights;
We can allow us to allow the Conference in proactive or to allow them to break the obstacles to cross-conflict barriers and because our sense of frustration gives us to reduce the arms.
In the preparation of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme, the country team undertook dialogue with local leaders and military units throughout the country.
These officers have ensured effective integration of the rights and protection of the child in peacekeeping missions.
However, if a staff member is entitled to the end of its commitment to the United Nations common system of 12 months after its termination of service, it is expected to be adjusted to the extent that the number of months, weeks or time of treatment for such payments, added to the month, weeks or time of treatment that have been paid at the time of previous service periods, is not exceeding the number of months, weeks or days of treatment that would have been paid to the end of the month.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
This letter will be issued as a document of the Security Council under the symbol S/2003/371.
The international community in general, and the Security Council, in particular, must act together in this critical period to avoid a humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq.
Therefore, only the claims relating to the completed instalments of 2 May 1990 or after this date falls within the jurisdiction of the Commission.
Only the requirements for the granting of compensation may be compensable.
The “E2” Panel defined the scope of military operations and the concept of military action for the different places and dates for the losses reported in the claims that had before it, in order to delimulate the area and the commencement of compensation (“the “money”).
Canada accepted the presidency for a period of 1 January 2004, after the end of the South Africa mandate on 31 December 2003.
In 2003, the Secretariat will make a review of best practices from recent planning and lessons learned, to determine whether they could apply to future operations.
If a new operation should be established in 2003, the Secretariat would be able to deploy more rapidly than the past, through strengthening the United Nations Logistics Base and the use of new peacekeeping support arrangements (as described in sub-items 3 and 4 below).
The maximum deployment of the deployment team for the rapid deployment team will be 90 days, after which they return to their duty station.
A CD-ROM-based training course entitled “Mergity of stress” was recently completed and communicated to the pilot missions in December 2002.
Training in the field of missions was strengthened by the establishment of training cells in UNMEE, MONUC, UNAMSIL and UNTAET and the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus and the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG).
The Department is deeply aware of the fact that a single code of conduct should be applied to all personnel assigned to peacekeeping missions, both military, civil and civilian police, even if disciplinary procedures vary according to the categories of staff.
Latin America and the Caribbean, Africa, Asia and Pacific (except Australia, Japan and New Zealand), Cyprus, Malta, former Yugoslavia.
A commitment and cooperation are required at the national and international levels to address them.
Lessons learned from pilot projects show that it is vital to identify productive activities for a possible demand, including the start-up costs, which require the expertise that persons with disabilities are likely to acquire.
It is developing a tension between the vulnerability of a party and the independence of the other, when a person has been committed to the need to receive care and depend on others.
After having considered the studies of investigating and interesting information, a participant stressed the need to find a fair environment between self-regulation and public regulation to promote genuine transparency.
The search for a structure within which developed countries and developing countries could discuss this issue was considered necessary by several participants and noted that ISAR could play its role.
New York University Stern School of Business
University of St.C.
United Nations Decade for Human Development Education
In accordance with article 15, the gaps identified were reported to the claimants so that they can address them.
In the case of a claim, the Committee ascertained that the goods had been delivered in Iraq by the claimant, but not to determine whether they had been limited before or after the date that the trade embargo imposed under resolution 661 (1990) of the Security Council had taken effect, namely, on 6 August 1990.
A Japanese claimant seeks compensation for salaries and salaries between August 1990 and April 1991 to reduced employees from Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Ibid., para.
The Special Rapporteur was sensitive to the support provided by the United Nations system for the preparation of the study.
At the same time, more than 4 to 7 per cent of these companies are headed by women.
- leaders and leaders of business, institutions and organizations, and all other persons who have their assistance to terrorist activities, in particular through terrorist financing or groups or terrorist organizations, by providing or bringing funds to be used, directly or indirectly, to the commission of acts of terrorism or related offences or to conduct transactions relating to funds or other financial assets;
- The Convention signed the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism on 8 June 2000 and ratified on 12 September 2002, indicating that it exercised jurisdiction for the offences referred to in article 2 of the Convention in the case of article 7, paragraph 2, of the Convention;
This Act, which is not retrospective, provides that the tax regime applicable to American Samoa will be the United States Tax Code (United States Tax Protocol) in force on 31 December 2000.
The CFW and its members play a central role, individually and collectively, by assisting the Global Mechanism to fulfil its mission, as defined in article 21, paragraph 4, of the Convention, the sense that is among the relevant stakeholders, including the members of the CFW, is that it is not yet fully acquitted of its role, which had adopted a careful attitude.
C. Finding a niche for the Global Mechanism
The curfews continue, but not just as it is in 2002.
The Bishkek meeting held on 9 and 10 July 1998 held experts from nuclear-weapon States, the United Nations and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
(2) If the provisions of the Convention are guaranteed in a constitution or other laws and, if so, to what extent, or in the negative, if such provisions may be invoked in the course of the courts, courts and administrative authorities and whether they may give effect;
(a) Seven members selected by the Committee on Crime Prevention and Combating Crime among the candidates proposed by the Secretary-General and approved by the Economic and Social Council, taking into account the fact that the Institute and its activities are funded through voluntary contributions and that the principle of equitable geographical distribution should be respected.
I also have the honour, on behalf of the Group of African States, as well as on behalf of the other sponsors, to introduce draft resolution A/58/L.41 entitled “Economic assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti” which provides an overview of the needs of special economic assistance to the country.
With regard to the proportion of vacancies, it is true that it should not improve significantly the gradual reduction of activities.
The system of service-processing services is another source of abuse.
(a) Report of the Conference on Disarmament on its session of 2002;
This figure, which is significantly lower than in 2001, is attributable to the increase in the security concerns arising from terrorist attacks from 11 September 2001, which led some new resettlement countries to limit their own travel.
In 1998, many evidence were released to FBI on this case.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on additional expenditures resulting from inflation and currency fluctuations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;6
New York, 12-23 May 2003
An empirical survey — the Government considered that an investigation was necessary to make a clear picture of the situation before taking action on the issue, assessing the degree of awareness-raising in the region.
Annex to the identical letters dated 25 January 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General and the President of the Security Council
However, the report does not mention that Italy has never been invited to participate in the activities of the Monitoring Group by providing information or clarification.
In the area of law enforcement agencies, Brazil has followed training in the Regional Training Training Academy in the Andean Community, Lima.
(i) The proposed resolution also imposes restrictions on the services relating to the list and brokering activities.
To that end, it proposes to impose restrictions on trade with third countries of equipment and products that could be used for torture or to inflict the death penalty or other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment.
It was stated, on specific cases referred to in the report, that the port of travellers for long periods, or in cases of transfer from a prison, or as punishment, constitutes a violation of the Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners (rule 33 and 34) and a form of inhuman or degrading treatment (ibid., para.
The text of the laws cited in this incident may be consulted on the web site at http://www.admin.ch/ch/f/rs/rs.html (23 October 2002).
In accordance with this article, if the Court established, on the basis of the evidence produced by a member of the Garda Síichána, who may be used to commit an offence of terrorism or financing of terrorism, or to facilitate the commission of such an offence, it shall declare a motion on a request, unless the defendant or any other person has established his satisfaction that the funds were not used or intended to be used as a result.
The “terrorist group” is defined by reference to the Framework Decision, i.e. the more than two individuals, established in the time and in a concerted manner to commit terrorist offences.
European economic space, Swiss nationals and dependants
Following a request submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom in October 2002, to ensure that the Overseas Territories Territories provide detailed information on all their own savings holders before 15 November, the Ministers of Territories, including the Cayman Islands, held an emergency meeting in the Cayman Islands.
In July 2002, the Caribbean States members of the Organization of American States have decided to draw the training of specialized social assistants, including drug abuse.
Small island developing States in the Caribbean are somewhat armed to address these two phenomena and climate variability.
• To identify national biological resources and define land and marine areas that need to be protected;
According to article 2, Bahrain, as a State party, must prevent its territory to plan, organize or carry out terrorist crimes or to participate, must prevent the fact that terrorist elements, individually or in groups, not infiltrate and do not belong to its territory and to provide refuge, or to help them, or to provide them to the national territory to visit other States.
Some regions in the north and south of the South Africa's South Africa, and some mountainous regions in many countries are threatened by malaria epidemic.
The Secretary-General is grateful to all donors for the valuable support they offer to the Library.
(b) Develop the appropriate regulatory framework for the development of other mineral resources in the Area, in particular polymetallic sulphides and cobalt-rich crusts, including the applicable standards of protection and preservation of the marine environment;
Recognizing that, at the dawn of the twenty-first century, the world is experiencing historical historical transformation and high-level changes in which the forces of aggressiveism and religious extremism continue to take new challenges,
Paragraph (c)
Finally, the harmonization of functions and procedures of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal and the Administrative Tribunal of the International Labour Organization should continue to continue, in the extent that the current disparities that some international staff can be more easily than other international staff may be able to take such a administrative court.
In its part, the administration should respond to the requests for consideration by the bodies of the administration of justice, which is required to do so.
London, 17 November 1977
Ms. Gcoochea (Cuba) said that it was to say that it was to avoid the consensus that his delegation agreed on paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
Mr. Bouheddou (Algeria) said that his delegation attached particular importance to the decision contained in paragraph 14 of the draft resolution.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration of the World Food Summit: five years after Rome on 13 June 2002,
This summary was prepared after consultation with other members of the Council.
Assistance and guidelines
It continues to congratulate the development of democracy in the Republic of China on Taiwan, and hoped that the Chinese people, two co-sponsors of Taiwan's Straits, will resolve its differences in a peaceful manner.
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly the inclusion of agenda item 167 in agenda item 167.
From November 2002.
This would support the recommendations of UNISPACE III, including those aimed at making more awareness-raising to policymakers and the general public of the importance of space activities; promoting sustainable development by drawing advantage of space research; promoting increased use by United Nations agencies and the private sector, systems and services related to outer space; and improving the management of natural resources.
Viet Nam has committed to building a strong nation and a prosperous, equitable and democratic society, placing human beings at the heart of its economic and social policies.
After the use of the wealth of developing countries, the former colonial Powers are now responsible for the death of 10 children every 7 seconds.
Unfortunately, the occupying authorities have banned the Turkish Cypriots to benefit from these benefits while restricting the freedom of expression of the supporters of Cyprus, issued by occupation troops.
Human rights and fundamental freedoms are enshrined in the Constitution.
34), A/58/6 (Sect.
Panel discussion
The President of the General Assembly made a statement.
Unfortunately, the lack of power of most forest workers severely affects the impact of the most low-income workers.
It is anticipated that these activities will accelerate the discovery of new medicines and vaccines.
Since now several years, the Conference on Disarmament has no substantive work.
In the context of the protection of refugees, which is a part of all, the challenge is to respond to the concerns of States to take into account the protection of refugees.
National legislation on asylum and the establishment of decision-making bodies that implement these obligations in a fair and effective manner are the following.
In paragraph 28 of its resolution 58/89, the General Assembly noted with appreciation the work of Member States, by the 12 inspectors that the Committee had established, at its forty-fourth and forty-sixth sessions, to implement the recommendations of UNISPACE III, and urged Member States to fully support the operations in the conduct of their work.
Ibid., annex I, para.
In this context, it is necessary that the Organization of American States proposed that the follow-up meeting at the meeting of 6 March will be held at its headquarters.
Colombia fully subscribes to the statement made by the representative of Peru on behalf of the Rio Group.
We do so, however, that we have yet to do so.
Is it, by definition, terrorism?
(a) The replacement of one or more responsible officials;
The rights of minorities are based on universal human rights, set out in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and developed in the main instruments that arise (International Criminal and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Convention on the Rights of the Child, Convention on the Rights of the Child, and Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment).
A vote was taken by show of hands.
First, it focuses on quality and availability of health services.
Of 2853 women (19.3 per cent) compared to 1433 teachers.
A few reproductive health goals included in the ninth Plan of Health and the Second Long-term Health Plan are presented below (table 8).
Therefore, it is informed and educated the population until the family level of women's health in order to encourage the use of health services through information programmes, education and communication (EC), with the assistance of the media, national health workers and health personnel.
All the formal sector institutions require tangible guarantees for loans.
SAARC Summit, Kathmandu (4-6 January 2002).
Humanity in all its history has never taken a challenge to this phenomenon.
Liechtenstein welcomes this development and participated in many discussions.
The Special Rapporteur on the human rights of migrants continues to denounce trafficking in persons and trafficking in migrants.
In Cambodia, the joint efforts of the Government, the private sector and civil society, including persons with HIV/AIDS, drew attention and were recognized by the international community of their initial success.
Determined to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, manufacture, acquisition, transfer, stockpiling and use of chemical weapons and their destruction,
Some developing countries, in order to justify their opposition to the development of an arms-related convention, would be an important tool that resolution 41/65 is still a useful instrument, since it has before two principles that they consider:
Rape was used with impunity as a strategic weapon to intimidate and terrorize the enemy people.
There was 10 years ago, violence against women was a totally ignored issue.
States should implement General Assembly resolution 57/179 on measures to eliminate crimes of honour against women and the intensification of efforts to prevent and eliminate such crimes through legislative, administrative and programmatic measures.
The Special Rapporteur advocates the establishment of a mediator or any other monitoring and discipline mechanism within all peace support operations.
This chapter provides an overview of the obligations that international human rights law confers on transnational corporations in respect of the right to food.
There is a flagrant violation of the right to food, as well as the deliberate destruction of schools and health services in many regions as a flagrant violation of human rights and health.
Letter dated 18 September 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Accession: Cook Islands (22 December 20031)
While the situation of the Georgian economy was somewhat improved in recent years, it remained extremely worrying, with a heavy external debt and a relatively high unemployment rate of 12 per cent (the official).
As a result, the non-payment of the amount required under Article 19, and even non-compliance with the commitments made in the three prior payment plans were due to the independent circumstances of its will.
The Global Programme against Money Laundering participated in an assessment of offshore financial activities to the British Virgin Islands under the auspices of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) of 12 to 22 November 2002.
Among the planned interventions for 2003 and beyond, the improvement of national health capacity and preparedness for family life, strategic planning of the gender component and youth in the national strategy against HIV/AIDS and support for the development and promotion of orphans who are respectful of the rights of the former;
At its thirty-fifth session, in 2002, the Commission adopted the UNCITRAL Model Law on International Commercial Conciliation and noted with appreciation the report of the Working Group on its thirty-sixth session (A/CN.9/508).
This outcome is the result of your abilities and effectiveness — as you have shown throughout your diplomatic career, both in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Finland and, here, to the United Nations.
The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) has been working over the years to make a wider focus on TCDC in its work programme using the resources of its regular budget and extrabudgetary resources.
The Royal Police of Brunei Darussalam, in cooperation and close coordination with other national law enforcement agencies, collaborates with the countries of the region where information exchange and other operations can be carried out in similar conditions.
The negotiations on this international instrument concluded at the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Committee, held in Vienna from 29 September to 1 October 2003, the Secretary-General, in plenary, and that only for the draft United Nations Convention against Corruption could be adopted in a timely manner for the signing of the Convention on Corruption, which will be held in Miada (Yuatan) from 9 to 11 December 2003.
At the Conference on Disarmament
(c) Resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Improving the United Nations: a programme of reform”;
(b) Voluntary contributions administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Improving the financial situation of the United Nations [P.125].
Progressive development of the principles and norms of international law relating to the new international economic order [P.15].
Encourages all States:
The Working Group resumed its deliberations on the preliminary draft convention at its fortieth session, held in Vienna from 14 to 18 October 2002 and had further addressed general issues relating to the scope of the topic (see A/CN.9/527, para.
Paragraph 2
Norway supports the conclusions and recommendations of the report.
The clarity in which they are under way, in addition to the efforts of African countries and the support of the international community and the United Nations system, provides an easy understanding of the gravity of the situation in Africa and its major concerns.
International cooperation is essential and urgent.
This would also be consistent with the interests of the majority of Member States, which do not have sufficient resources to consider all United Nations activities in detail.
The first synthesis report of the Executive Director on the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly (E/CN.7/2001/16) informed the Commission on Narcotic Drugs of the decline in opium production, from approximately 20,000 tons per year in the beginning of the twentieth century at least one third of this volume in 2000.
Africa provided 24 questionnaires (21,4 per cent), the Americas 20 (19 per cent), Asia 32 (28,86 per cent), Europe 34 (30 per cent) and Oceania 2.8 per cent).
Financing of alternative development programmes and eradication of illicit crops for drug production and resource mobilization
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
It is truly a situation where the world is losing, in his report, the Secretary-General explains why, in his view, he had left this opportunity, I would not dwell on me.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution under the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization”.
The Territory covers 14 primary schools and four secondary schools.
The Committee recommended that the General Assembly approve the narrative narrative of section 35 (Review for development) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In order to reduce poverty, many developing countries have focused on the strategic frameworks for poverty reduction (CSL).
The border is therefore already determined, and further strengthened by Security Council resolution 1507 (2003), which calls for both parties to recognize and respect the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the other.
The posts reserved for Kosovo Serbs in the municipal structures of Liixjan ( Pristina) and the Pristina region have remained vacant, no qualified candidate had been submitted.
The representatives of Kosovo Serbs of five municipalities, namely Kosovo Polje, Liixjan and Obilic (in the Pristina region), No. Brooo (region Gnjilane) and Zvecan (region Mitrovica), complained of access to judicial institutions.
14.42 The subprogramme should achieve the objectives and expected accomplishments of Governments to address environmental management issues and to promote prevention and mitigation of the damage caused to the environment, through advice and assistance of UNEP; and (c) voluntary voluntary contributions to the Environment Fund and other external resources to implement the programme of work.
(iii) Technical material: a database and an electronic forum on best practices on persistent organic and environmental responsibility, heavy metals and other chemicals (1); a online database on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction, the heavy metals and other chemicals (1); a online database on environmentally sound technologies for sustainable construction (1); Information exchange and web site of the Global Network on Energy for Sustainable Development (1);
NEPAD is a comprehensive programme of socio-economic and political development in the continent, and it must also be a comprehensive point of view.
Interdependence of democracy and human rights 143
Recognizing the importance of women's role in the reconciliation process and the search for peace,
(a) To give full effect to the right to education and to ensure that it is recognized and exercised without discrimination;
Recommends the following draft decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Stressing the importance of fully implementing the Declaration of Commitment on HIV/AIDS “Global Crisis, Global Action”, the General Assembly adopted by its resolution S-26/2 of 27 June 2001, at its special session on HIV/AIDS, and taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the Declaration of Commitment (A/57/227 and Corr.1), submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session,
Takes note:
Encourages the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences, with a view to rationalizing and efficient efficiency and effectiveness in order to facilitate the access to information, to continue to cooperate with regional intergovernmental organizations and their possible mechanisms for promoting the human rights of women;
Also requests the Secretary-General to request Governments, bodies, programmes and specialized agencies of the United Nations system, as well as international and non-governmental organizations to report the measures they have taken to promote and implement, where appropriate, the guidelines on HIV/AIDS and human rights as well as the present resolution, and to submit, in consultation with interested parties, a interim report for consideration at its sixty-first session.
Calls upon States to pay special attention to the promotion and protection of human rights of children belonging to minorities, taking into account the fact that girls and boys can be exposed to different types of different types;
Notes with satisfaction that the adoption of a declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples is one of the main objectives of the Decade, and calls for timely implementation of the important negotiations on this issue;
Recalling general comment No. 29 (2001) of the Human Rights Committee, concerning the exceptions to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in a state of emergency,
Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
(c) To continue its efforts to restore the right of law, including through collaboration with international donors in the training of law enforcement officials, to protect and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms, and to take measures to improve access to justice, as well as to implement reform measures for the penitentiary regime to comply with international standards;
Welcoming further the entry into force of the amendment to article 43 (2) of the Convention, which includes the number of members of the Committee on the Rights of the Child of 10 to 18, expressing the hope that this amendment will enable the Committee to effectively carry out the new tasks related to the follow-up to the two Optional Protocols to the Convention and also hope that the Committee will end the work of the Committee,
(g) To give mutual assistance to any investigation, criminal proceedings or extradition procedure relating to offences referred to in article 3, paragraph 1, of the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child, on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, including for the provision of evidence, which are necessary for the purposes of the proceedings;
[See chap.
(e) The representative of Costa Rica (on behalf of the Group of Latin American and Caribbean States);
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba orally introduced the amendments (E/CN.4/2003/L.77) proposed to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.2, which would be inserted before paragraph 1, two new paragraphs as follows:
Discrimination in the criminal justice system
At the same meeting, the representative of Cuba withdrew the amendment (E/CN.4/2003/L.103) proposed to draft resolution E/CN.4/2003/L.66, which was the author.
Eritrea and Malaysia joined in sponsoring the sponsors.
At the same meeting, the representative of the Republic of Korea orally revised paragraph 4 of the draft resolution.
(a) Treaty bodies;
Haiti
III, para.
Recognizing that, among older persons, women are more than men, the gap in the age of age, and that the status of older women in the world must be a priority,
It was understood that if reimbursement was based on a standard rate, some Governments would not be fully reimbursed for the costs incurred by their participation in United Nations peacekeeping force.
In this connection, it had been discussions with the Secretariat to ensure that, as a matter of urgency, it would be useful to provide detailed information on the simplified approach.
According to additional information provided to the Committee, the Mission had provided 46 aircraft to 2002/03 on 22 helicopters and 2400 hours of theft and 24 aircraft and 39700 hours.
The twenty-second session of the Governing Council/Global Ministerial Environment Forum was opened on 3 February 2003 at 10 a.m. by Mr. David André, President of the Executive Board at its twenty-first session.
Finally, Mr. Chaskes announced that, at the request of UNEP, an advisory committee of judges had been established to deepen cooperation between UNEP and the judiciary.
By note verbale dated 21 March 2003, the Secretary-General consulted with Member States and received in writing the following proposals:
Reaffirming that unilateral coercive measures constitute a major obstacle to the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development,
Programme questions:
Replace Ggg equivalent of CO2
Often, the “known of the Churches” are involved in the maintenance of that very harmful belief for children.
It is therefore not in a position to provide details on the fate of the persons concerned or on the location where they are located.
The Working Group has already clarified 391 cases, including 318 on the basis of information provided by the Government and 73 through information provided by the source.
A small number of cases relate to persons who were arrested at checkpoints by the Syrian army or security services between 1976 and 2000, or abducted by Hizbollah and transferred to the Syrian Arab Republic.
During the same period, the Working Group transmitted two cases on the basis of new information provided by the source.
66th plenary meeting 3 December 2002
Finally, I would like to express our congratulations and thanks to Mr. Khan, Mr. Seth and Ms. Bartheléy, who, by their dedication and availability, are honoured to the Secretariat.
19.24 The amount of $7,966,000 relates to the costs of the Commission, committees and other intergovernmental bodies.
(i) Advisory services: advisory services on gender equality, some other measurable aspects of socio-economic life and the implementation of information technology;
During this raid, two Palestinians, including a 15-year-old boy, Mohammed Rabie Saber, were killed.
Developments in peace processes
However, between the month of July and September 2002, some serious acts that are committed to the ordinary armed forces have caused the death of a large number of civilians, including older people, women and children whose responsibility in conflict was far from proven.
A member to select from Eastern European States;
Noting that, given that some Parties have submitted their notifications with delay or not submitted, and that delays are produced in the implementation of the comprehensive reviews, the evaluation of implementation has been hampered,
It can be expected that their implementation continues to raise problems in the future, because time is needed to change the management of financial management and should focus on products and achievements rather than inputs and planning.
It is regrettable that, in general, we have achieved the goals set out in the Programme of Action, leaving the scourges of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance affecting the lives of millions of people worldwide.
They may be in writing at any time.
C. Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of the Covenant
The Committee notes with concern that the rights set out in the Covenant are not sufficiently protected in a large number of migrant workers residing in Poland.
The Committee also suggests that the State party request international assistance for the effective functioning of the Office of the Public Prosecutor.
He also commended the State party's efforts to provide public awareness of the results of its trade with United Nations bodies established under international human rights instruments, including by making the consultation to their reports on the website of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and to reflect the concluding observations of the bodies.
With regard to general comment, it was suggested that the emphasis should be placed on equality between men and women.
Individuals and groups should have full access, all of them, information that public authorities or third parties have access to water, water supply and the environment.
The operation “A package for a peacekeeper” allowed to send to the peacekeepers in Bosnia and Lebanon 15 million at the end of the year.
Reiterates its request to the parties to redouble its efforts to take measures to achieve confidence-building and to contribute to the normalization of their relations, in particular in the areas listed in paragraph 14 of resolution 1398 (2002) of 15 March 2002;
Australia, Honduras, Uganda, Tajikistan, Tonga, Tonga.
In particular, a set of documents should be developed:
A approach and collective spirit have emerged.
We do not achieve these goals by facilitating the destruction of anti-personnel mines in mined areas, by raising awareness of the dangers posed by mines, destroying mines of mines, providing assistance to victims, facilitating social reintegration and to convince new States to formally accede to the Convention and to comply with its standards.
Italy has always been deeply convinced of the moral and political necessity of the Ottawa Convention, which constitutes a means to improve the lives of the people of many countries seriously exposed to the scourge of anti-personnel mines.
The report also presented a synthesis of developments in the role of the Ad Hoc Group of TCDC and described some of the adjustments that arise at the level of its objectives and organizational structure.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the Security Council.
(b) Is an accomplice in a person who commits or attempt to commit one of these acts.
“No.
If the murder is committed by the author, he has led to a vehicle in the outskirts of the town, under drug or medicines, which has been used by the author or in a situation that is threatening or reduced their mental abilities, oiro or physical, the death penalty that it is to be applied in the absence of such circumstances.
Each of the files reviewed and the arguments heard, the President addressed the recommendations for approval by the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
(b) At Brazzaville, from 14 to 17 May 2003, from the Nineteenth Ministerial Committee of the Standing Advisory Committee;
Convinced of the need for all efforts to contribute effectively and coordinated to address the challenge posed by the abduction of anti-personnel mines throughout the world and to ensure their destruction,
Letter dated 28 March 2003 from the President of the Security Council addressed to the Secretary-General
In addition to the social guarantee in the LGGSE, young people who enter into the labour market without having completed their training.
Social security of social security included in the system
The benefits of the surviving spouse and the separated spouses or divorced or divorced spouses or the marriage was declared invalid.
That is why the facilitation of access to adequate housing is a policy that must inspire public action.
(c) Management and resolution of personal assistance records for protected housing and protection measures for rehabilitation;
In these agreements, central and self-governing government bodies retain their respective normative skills, which are in a concerted manner to achieve the cultural purpose of the conventions, which is funded in the proportion or the amount provided.
A solution is perhaps to provide for children, through the younger age of age, culturally suited and to raise awareness of gender perspectives in promoting a new culture that promotes joint action against HIV/AIDS and improving the economic and social situation of all.
The rule set out in the Barcelona Traction Traction stems from general principles of the law of corporations recognized by civilized nations and non-international international law.
It shows that the discretionary nature of diplomatic protection and the restrictive rule set out in the Barcelona Traction case prompted States to use bilateral investment treaties, which allow investors to settle their disputes with the host State before resorting to ad hoc arbitration courts or the International Centre for the Settlement of Disputes in Tax Matters established by the Convention for the Settlement of Disputes on Investment between States and Other States.
The Barcelona Traction Authority
In the case of Delagoa Bay, the United Kingdom and the United States strongly affirmed the existence of such a principle when they have taken to protect their nationals who were shareholders of a Portuguese company that Portugal had caused a loss, but the arbitral tribunal before the dispute had jurisdiction only to set the amount of compensation to grant.
A company may therefore not change its nationality for diplomatic protection in exchange of its social siege, its domicile or location.
Ibid., p. 5.
“The Court takes note of the outset that the complainants did not have a violation of their rights as a member of the mrowter, as a member of the General Assembly and to vote.
Legal assistance in the broadest possible form is given, as the laws, treaties, agreements and arrangements of the requested State Party shall permit, during investigations, prosecution and judicial proceedings concerning the offences of a legal person may be held accountable in the requesting State Party, in accordance with article [] [Responsibility of legal persons] of the present Convention.
(c) The full or partial allocation of the value of this proceeds or of the goods or funds from the sale of the multilateral debt of the requesting State Party.
]
A new proposed by Ukraine.
The decisions of the General Assembly should be taken in connection with the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon as follows:
In order to promote the development of rural youth in the world, FAO emphasizes, in its programmes, projects and activities, the importance of close family linkages and the protection of major family values.
Although the situation of those persons had somewhat changed in the recent conflict, some families who have been able to return to their homes, resettlement of internally displaced persons remains a major humanitarian concern.
Recognizing that cooperation between the United Nations and regional arrangements on human rights continues to facilitate the efforts of the United Nations and in this area, and that there are opportunities for increased cooperation,
Studies and studies
Publications
- Aspects of the rights of contingent soldiers in the context of the European Convention on Human Rights;
Concern was expressed about the need to report as external factors.
In accordance with the letter dated 16 May 2003 (S/AC.40/2003/MS/OC.263) sent by Inocencio Arias, President of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, we are pleased to submit a supplementary report to the Secretary-General on 8 July 2002 on 8 July 2002 pursuant to Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
In this sense, it would be necessary to strengthen the capacity of the Secretariat and to take all lessons learned from the success of the expert groups.
It goes without saying that my delegation fully associates itself with the statement made by the representative of Italy, Ambassador Marcello Spatafora, who spoke on behalf of the European Union.
In view of the fact that I are also at the debate of the human rights institutions of Kazakhstan, I would like to emphasize the decisive role and encouragement played by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in the development of our State.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
1964-1965: Case studies in the University of Sacé-Cirir de la Sacé de la Sacé
Since September 2001, many asylum-seekers without authorization on the Isle of Christmas, the Cocos and the Republic of Ashmore have been referred to Nauru and the Isle of Manus in Papua New Guinea, where they would be accommodated in detention centres pending their asylum applications;
As a result of the signs of signs in Rwanda, the Congo and Burundi, we hope that we are able to complete the preparatory process, but also the conference.
As we have stated repeatedly, we fully support the regional approach with regard to issues relating to the Great Lakes region, which is the importance of appropriate preparations for this international conference.
The Committee on the issue of treaties has somewhat advanced, and, in particular, a list of treaties and instruments for consideration, but various issues of principle have made full progress on the issue.
During the previous negotiations under the auspices of the United Nations, Mr. Denktash, in the framework of a comprehensive package of measures, had agreed that the area of the Turkish Cypriot State is in the whole.
The concrete results in the area of gender equality does not seem to be consistent with the number of measures taken or the political will of the Government of Canada; Ms. Gnacadja would like to know whether the Government had new ideas to move forward.
It would be useful for more comprehensive information on the services to which women have access, on the financing of women's organizations and policies in favour of women, individuals or officials responsible for those efforts and measures taken in cooperation.
OIOS has rightly noted that the centres in the second countries must be managed by different countries in the first, where access to Internet and libraries is not a problem.
Ms. Afifi (Morocco) said that the Organization had a very important role in dealing with internal control mechanisms that can detect irregularities and recommend solutions.
It is important to detect these munitions as soon as possible and avoid that they do not grow.
The proposed issues would be added to the list contained in the report of the Third Meeting of the Consultative Process (see A/57/80, part C).
31.4.4.2 Fuel aerosols are to be classified as a mlammable, extremely unintentionable, or chamide, in accordance with the following criteria:
The movement of indigenous people emphasized the revitalization of indigenous languages.
There is no rule and seems to be determined to translate its declared intentions despite the international condemnation.
We have also noted that, in defiance of the commitment of the international community, the construction of a wall of expansionist power, usurking the Palestinian land and preventing Palestinians to live normally.
We hope that the new Prime Minister will have the necessary authority to undertake this essential task.
Emphasizing the importance of education in promoting tolerance, which is to accept and respect diversity, and that education, in particular at the school level, should contribute to promoting tolerance and elimination of discrimination based on religion or belief,
Welcomes the adoption by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean of resolution 574 (XXVII) of 16 May 1998 to participate in the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, at special sessions of the Assembly, to be devoted to the consideration and appraisal of the implementation of the United Nations conferences of the United Nations global conferences to the special sessions of the Assembly, as observers, as observers, and also participate in the work of the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies;
The interest of an indicator on the mechanisms for the protection of deposits is easily explained as the public considers that banks are not businesses such as others.
One of these steps was the establishment of a system of information collection on internal displacement.
The World Tourism Organization is to accept the status of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nsor Carlos Kirchner, President of the Argentine Republic
It is necessary to strengthen national and regional capacities and the United Nations system, and should also strengthen the role of our international Organization as a coordinator of the international community's efforts to support the affected countries, taking into account the priorities set out by the authorities of those States themselves.
The legislative and administrative measures have been taken to develop national capacities for disaster preparedness and management, including transfer, military control to civilian control, the responsibility for disaster management.
The first regular session of the Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA for 2003 was held at United Nations Headquarters, New York, from 20 to 23 January.
He stressed that total cost recovery was a fundamental necessity for UNOPS activities.
They expressed a decent retirement.
(c) The resumption of negotiations and the lifting of closures and curfews in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip would enable the programme to meet its objectives.
It urges them to continue to recruit children as soldiers or others, or even to engage in the armed conflict.
Notes with appreciation the success of the pilot project on the development of an international radio broadcasting capacity for the United Nations and endorsed the Secretary-General's proposal that this pilot project is an integral part of the Department's activities;
Welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General to provide free access to the electronic dissemination system of the United Nations system through links to the United Nations web site, which should be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and requests the Secretary-General to report to the Committee on Information at its twenty-sixth session;
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued) (A/58/40 (Suppl.
In a more encouraging note, she welcomed the provision of interpretation and translation services in all official languages of the United Nations to the Working Group and stressed that it was necessary to continue.
It was noted that there could be much lessons for existing bilateral agreements, which could be posted on the Basel Convention website (www.o.int).
At its 8th meeting, the Working Group adopted a decision on the draft agenda on the basis of the draft articles contained in the relevant meeting document, as orally amended.
(a) Undertake and supervising concrete activities of the project on priority areas, particularly production, movements and environmentally sound management of wastes, as well as the active promotion of the transfer and use of cleaner technologies;
In favour: Algeria, Armenia, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Brazil, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, China, the Russian Federation, Japan, Kenya, Malaysia, Mexico, Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, Poland, the Syrian Arab Republic, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Senegal, Côte d'Ivoire, Sudan, Sri Leone, Sudan, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Swaziland, Togo, Togo, Tunisia, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe, Zimbabwe, Uganda, Uganda, Tunisia, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zimbabwe.
The French version of the GGEGN was published.
The Conference began its consideration of agenda item 21 (Adoption of the report of the Conference) at its 7th and 8th meetings, on 4 and 5 September, before the continuation and adoption of the final text of its draft report.
Noting also the vital role played by the present United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names and by the sessions of the United Nations Group of Experts on Geographical Names,
Representative
Article 14
During its meeting with local NGOs, the expert's attention has once again been drawn on the need to provide uniform uniforms to police and training.
Table 28.17 Resource requirements: United Nations information centres
b.
(iv) Technical material: database on production, consumption and trade in forest products (1); database on forest resources (1); database on assistance to countries in transition in the forestry sector (1); held at a web site providing documentation on meetings, excerpts from publications and information on the activities related to the forest programme (1);
The Special Rapporteur has received detailed information on trafficking in children and prostitution involving children, among others, the plight of children, ministries of government, the police, including the Central Bank for the Suppression of Trafficking in Persons and the Protection of Minors Brigade, as well as several NGOs.
(b) In the meetings of the governing bodies and other intergovernmental meetings, the provisions of the rules of procedure that relate to language services should be strictly respected, except by the participants; whether the secretariats are not able to provide pre-session documents in all the relevant languages, they should, in exceptional circumstances, apply to the subject of the pre-session or analytical summaries in the relevant languages, with respect to the time frames;
Although the WIPO secretariat informed the Inspectors that it did not have the expression “the official language” (the “official” language, “the use of WIPO as a working language of WIPO” (WT/GA/26/1), at its September-October 2000 session, recalled the decision by the governing bodies in 1979 to ensure that “the Portuguese” was used as a working language in WIPO”.
Such a exercise could be carried out within the framework of a inventory of the staff's language of staff that should be fully provided to Member States on the composition of the secretariat or on human resources management.
It is also clear that translation time will add to the normal time frame of implementation.
For example, it was possible to expand the peer review process of the United Nations Development Assistance Committee in order to include trade policies, debt relief policies and other economic policies, as proposed by the World Development Report 2003.
The Committee urges the State party to develop and implement general programmes of study, including human rights and gender, and to disseminate information on the Convention to amend stereotypical attitudes in the roles of men and women, and in particular to accept the idea that education of children is a social responsibility for mothers and fathers.
In addition, indicators to reflect school dropout and teenage pregnancy in national fertility surveys had been developed.
The Committee reiterates its concern that the Committee's consideration of the third periodic report on the Law's limits of 300 days imposed against women or divorce before leaving them.
The Committee recommends that the State party take further measures to ensure that each can reconcile family responsibilities and professional responsibilities and to promote equitable sharing of domestic and family tasks between men and women.
It is concerned that there is no systematic collection of data on violence against women, including domestic violence.
According to the Banking Act (No. 483/2001 Coll.
(b) A fine of 500,000, if it is a moral person.
On 16 May 2002, the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom issued a joint press release on the exchange of correspondence in Georgia in Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands, in which they indicated that:
The facts and history of contracts in relation to the project were presentations in paragraphs 304 to 312.
The amount of USD 2,3002,392 for the work and materials that were released on the basis of the project and (b) USD 1,457,674 under the retention of the Mission's retention, would be retained.
The evidence show that the work of the work in the past-out of the past-off (from 47 and 61) were completed after 2 May 1990.
In addition, the Consortium provided a satisfactory explanation of the departure of its employees in Iraq, for which the assets of the project were left without monitoring.
No other deduction has been made after Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and the Iraqi customs authorities have never cancelled the amount of fines (IQD 3488,000) that they have imposed to the Consortium.
In short, the Committee will shorten these reports and recommendations, whenever possible, and to reduce the cost of their translation.
Agenda item 102: Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (continued)
In addition, with regard to the follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits, the Council must play a central role in the monitoring of concrete progress towards the various goals established by these conferences.
Recalling the United Nations Millennium Declaration, in which heads of State and Government pledged to make every effort to ensure that the Kyoto Protocol enters into force and to begin to implement the reductions in greenhouse gas emissions,
The suggestion was not accepted, but it was hoped that the sponsors would wish to seek whether a more frequent review would not be sufficient in the future.
In November 2002, the Minister of the Interior and the Territory of the Territory of the Turks and Caicos Islands agreed to convene a National Human Rights Committee.
The agenda was adopted.
It was therefore to provide the Committee with the necessary resources to fulfil its tasks.
There is no doubt that, in any way, it is impossible that such smuggling, including the effects of which are still serious.
Requests the Secretary-General:
In the context of sustainable development, Namibia attaches great importance to promoting the equitable use of the resources of the ocean and the protection and preservation of the marine environment.
With regard to the follow-up to the Millennium Summit, the Secretary-General's observation in his report, namely, that the objectives could be achieved, by 2015, we maintain and increase the leadership of the past three years.
For the democratically elected Government of India, it cannot be more important or more noble than eradicating poverty.
A death in suspicious conditions that have not been clarified has been recorded in the road detention camp in which the Liberian combatants who seek refuge in Sierra Leone.
The recovery of heavy weapons began in Mazar-Sharif, but the pilot phase of disarmament, demobilization and reintegration will only be achieved in the beginning of January to allow sufficient time to verify the four divisions in the area and the list of 2,000 soldiers and officers who were eligible to participate in the operation, either twice when the Kunduuz and Gardz pilot phases.
However, such means should not be available before the beginning of the summer 2004 at the time of five provincial reconstruction teams in the north of the country should be under the command of ISAF.
The activities for which most important core resources should be drawn, including:
UNIFEM strategies
The 10-year review of the work of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences (E/2002/1154); Women, War and Peace: The Independent Expert Assessment on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Women and Women's Role in Peace-building (UNIFEM, 2002); No. one minute to lose the violence against women (UNIFEM, 2003) and many other initiatives.
The Panel believes that the illegal imports of Serbian weapons have increased considerably by the Israeli Government's power in 2002.
Observations and recommendations
At the same time, United Nations aid agencies are currently planned to include five regional offices in Saclepea (from Nimba, Vinkjama (comer de Lofa), Gbbarga-Phebeb (as of Bong), Harh (comuu de Maryland) and Zwedru (comur Grand Ghh), on which they provide humanitarian assistance within the country.
Charles Taylor exercised its control over all sectors of power, lawful or illegal, Liberia.
Bilateral and multilateral agencies
The weakening of Islam groups would be to improve the economic situation, the opportunities offered by power, social resistance, especially those of the elite of freedom and democracy, but also to the efforts of the law, both as well as, as well as that of the past, it seems to have lost the appearance of many young people.
Today, in the Ministry of Religious Affairs, 11 941 mosques in operation, including 1, 840 in the process of completion and 1079 in implementing them.
The working papers prepared by major groups will be issued as addenda to the present note.
Parliamentary documentation: report submitted to the Commission on the work of the Committee on Energy at its fifth session;
22.41 The subprogramme is expected to achieve the objectives set and to achieve the expected accomplishments in order to improve the competitiveness and productivity; (b) there will be sufficient infrastructure and technology applications to promote the creation of networks and connectivity; (b) Member States are working to implement the recommendations made at the World Summit on the Information Society.
The situation concerning the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that Islam is a religion of tolerance; the Shari has been fully compatible with human rights.
In particular, it was in particular to define a combination of a combination of fgorithous and motor-motic-mocination, because the approach of the problem is high.
In collaboration with the Law of Lawrence Lluoreore National Laboratory (United States of America) and the Immigration College of London, the Musumium of natural history continued to assess in situ analysis in the area of particulation in a gilelel.
The main challenges to development should be linked to the seizure of seizure, its system of attitude and orbit system, and its guidance, navigation and control, necessary to the security approach that are uncontrolled and unpredictable.
At least two of them (a.e. Ekran and the Inter-Ministerial) of a cara (a.e. the geostationary orbit) have occurred on the geostationary orbit, but the related fragments have not been identified, which means that their orbits are unknown.
Item 3.
The Security Council supports the commitment of the Interim Administration of Afghanistan to eliminate drug production by 2013 and its efforts to implement the decrees prohibiting culture, production and transformation of opium poppy, including illicit drug trafficking and drug addiction.
The list of these issues was submitted by the author during the UNCTAD meeting, which held in Bangkok in Bangkok:
Regional and global approaches are not contradictory but complementary and interrelated.
• Regional security reasons
Minimum minimum requirements for medicinal treatment
At its 8th, 20th and 25th meetings, on 9 20 and 22 May 2003, the Committee considered the quadrennial reports deferred from previous sessions under item 4 of its agenda.
The secretariat will prepare a draft report to the members of the working group.
With regard to the preparation of the content, emphasis is placed on the design of products and services in languages, materials and presentations that provide dissemination and use by broadcasters and users.
• In order to expand its outreach, the regional information centre will work closely with the resident coordinators in the country where there is a need for partnerships with national institutions and organizations, such as the United Nations Associations.
Phase 2 has ended on 4 February 2002 with the entry into force of the new multilingual system, which is fully operating in the multilingual capacity of the Lotus Notes, in order to enable users to choose from the six official languages.
(14) The Committee regrets the lack of clarity on the right and practice governing custody, the duration of which is to be tried and access to a lawyer during the author.
The State party should take appropriate measures to enable the National Consultative Commission on Human Rights to operate in accordance with the Principles on the Status of National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights (“Paris Principles”), as set out in General Assembly resolution 48/134.
Information on measures taken by the authorities to continue the perpetrators of trafficking, as well as more specific information on the number of victims and the number of children who have benefited from protection, repatriation and reintegration measures should be provided in the next periodic report.
Both programming arrangements and the biennial support budget are fully in line with the ad hoc questionnaire.
Ms. Shin would like to congratulate Mexico for organizing the first World Conference on Women and ratified the Convention and the Optional Protocol.
Equality of men and women is of particular importance in economic and social development.
Therefore, UNISPACE III had focused on objectives:
The Ministry of Justice received requests for registration of the share of 100 parties.
Among the examples of initiatives aimed at strengthening the capacity of LDCs for the implementation of the principles of good governance in the United Republic of Tanzania, the support provided by the G-8 to the New Partnership for Africa's Development on the effectiveness of the coordination and governance of global governance and governance; the contributions made by donors to the Governance Forum in Africa, as well as the seminars on democratization, human rights and the rule of law, organized under the auspices of Japan and Sweden.
A number of donors — Canada, Italy, Japan and the United Kingdom, for example, have announced additional debt relief and, in response to the lack of reserves of the HIPC Trust Fund, some of them had agreed to increase their contribution to the Fund, the Government of Morocco announced the cancellation of debt cancellation of African LDCs and the admission of their exports.
I would also like to thank the Secretary-General for his last report on the situation in Timor-Leste (S/2003/243) and the Under-Secretary-General for his briefing.
The relations in Jakarta is standardized; the members of the militias in West Timor seem to be very demobilized.
We appreciate the continued cooperation and goodwill of the Government of Indonesia.
Finally, I would like to stress that the Secretary-General's long-being, sustainable stability of the country will depend on the political commitment of Timor-Leste to the rule of law and continued efforts to strengthen governance.
Security Council
A mechanism was installed at the General Assembly Hall in order to assist speakers in compliance with the time limit.
The general debate will be distributed directly on the web site and archived for a discussion at www.un.org/webcast.
Agenda item 11
The other entity, which refers to the Turkish representative, is only one — and I are working in the terminology of the European Code of Human Rights, the local community of Turkey, and nothing else.
The European Anti-Cistopoly Network also organizes each year in Monecchio, Italy, the Carden of the Anti-Cracist world, an event at the cultural and sports levels which brings together artists and tor religious and non-public organizations of migrants.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Round table on “The risks posed by biological weapons”
Article 34
(b) If spouses are all of the Secretariat of the Secretariat, one of the members of the members of the Secretariat may be eligible for children to pay the provisions under subparagraph (i) and (ii) above, the other may be entitled to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) (iii) of the same paragraph;
The review of this issue has resulted in a discussion of measures to increase transparency in the field of small arms.
Given the importance of the partnership in the implementation of sustainable development programmes, the participants expressed further opportunities for such initiatives and encouraged potential partners to invest in the region.
Annex II
Annex III
(ii) Matters relating to registries under article 7, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol
Welcomes the conclusions on the Middle East made by the Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in 2000;
Gravely concerned about discrimination against girls and the violations of their rights, all of which are often being subjected to the rights, opportunities and benefits of children and adolescents, and they are frequently subjected to various forms of cultural, social, sexual and economic exploitation and, as well as violence and harmful practices, as well as sexual, social, sexual and economic forms, and violence and harmful practices as infanticide, incest, early marriage, prenatal selection and genital mutilation,
Stressing that the Convention on the Rights of the Child should be the standard for the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, and recognizing the importance of optional protocols to the Convention, which covers children engaged in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, as well as other relevant human rights instruments,
Urges States that have not yet done so to consider signing and ratifying the Optional Protocols to the Convention on children committed in armed conflict and the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, and to accede to them and urges them to implement them;
Convinced that collective action is the best results, it believes that all nations that are able to do so should contribute to their capacity, which is not the case today.
This is the management of data and mine action standards.
I have not intend to prejudge the intentions of the high-level group of eminent personalities on United Nations reform, and in my view, the role of the Security Council is to ensure that mine action is envisaged in peacekeeping mandates and, where appropriate, are included.
See, in general, Bille Practices in Poverty Reduction: An analysis Framework, Else Øyer (d.
Requests the Secretariat to circulate to States at a later date as possible as possible for the closure of the session of the Commission, section II of the report of the Commission, which are summaries of the work of the session, section III, which are listed in the items on which States's observations would be particularly interesting for the Commission, and the draft articles adopted at the first two and second reading;
In the establishment of the United Nations, the administering Powers have committed themselves, under the Charter, to ensure that the Territories under their administration are at an appropriate level of autonomy.
The President: If no other delegation wishes to make a general statement, the First Committee will take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1.
Decides that the Ad Hoc Committee shall take in 2003, in the limits of available resources, at least one session of a duration of 10 working days, before the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
One of the results of this meeting was the development of a framework and methodology for the policies of documentation and legislation.
A. 7), chapter I, resolution 1, annex.
In conclusion, Liberia is now in the urgent need for assistance and support from the international community.
Saint Lucia, which chairs the Assembly, is preparing a historic precedent for small island developing States, with the relevant support of your neighbours of the Caribbean Community.
What is the result of the economy and the emerging industries of poor countries?
It is important that all nations of the world recognize that, in Iraq — the atrocities of yesterday, the reconstruction, reconstruction, today — is a tragic historic event and that the international community must promote this reconstruction and we are in our midst.
Mr. Hu pays tribute to the States parties to the Ottawa Convention, noting that, although China did not have signed, it has not prevented and cooperate with the signatory countries.
Of the 250,000 people who allegedly died in the circumstances of war since 1989, at least one half would be non-combatants.
(f) To facilitate free movement of persons, humanitarian assistance and goods throughout Liberia and beyond its borders;
Article 1
In case of a violation of women's rights in any kind, the person concerned has the right to seize the court in accordance with the Civil Procedure Code.
In Latvia there are several non-governmental organizations that are devoted to family planning issues.
Despite these efforts, the Group has been disabled in its work by a number of factors, including its small size, the lack of its operational budget, and the division of the country, as well as the alignment of many press bodies on the positions of one or the other camp and by the highness of information infrastructure outside the capital.
In spite of this, the Assembly has always suffered the indictment that it did not meet the mandate of the United Nations Charter.
It is therefore encouraging — taking into account the commitment to complete phase II of the arms eradication plan before 24 December 2002, as it was planned — to note that the Plan of Action to carry out the collection of weapons was adopted at the Bka meeting on 17 February.
Disarmament remains the key of progress in the peace process in the context of the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Agenda item 134
Recalling its resolution 53/29 of 20 November 1998, on the financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone, and its subsequent resolutions thereon, including the latest resolution 57/291 of 20 December 2002,
In this case, it is a unilateral act of collective origin, adopted by an international organization, within its competence and in accordance with its rules, through a formal resolution of the United Nations General Assembly.
Naturally, this must be done under the supervision of the United Nations Organization Mission in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (MONUC) and with the assistance of donor countries.
Mr. Akram (Pakistan): I would like to thank you, Sir, for organizing this very important meeting on the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
At the same time, we believe that we need to act carefully.
I also thank Mr. Guéhenno for his briefing this morning.
Nepal is ready to assist the people of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, through the United Nations, by providing troops and other resources.
The recommendations of the Committee will complement the actions undertaken by the intergovernmental bodies and processes, including at the high-level and high-level conferences held since the presentation of the last report in 2001, as the World Summit on Sustainable Development held in Johannesburg in September 2002 and the International Conference on Financing for Development held in Monterrey in March 2002.
As a result of their geographical and economic isolation and their marginalization, they are often more likely than other in violence, especially family, and trafficking.
Division of Africa
Fourteen countries benefited from equal and more than $4 million.
The members of the Council agreed that the support of the international community and the United Nations was indispensable, and that Angola is seeking to resolve certain special humanitarian problems.
I invite Mr. Stephen to take a seat at the Council table.
Mr. Aisi (Papua New Guinea): Mr. President, for convening this meeting.
I think that, starting from the end of the year, UNDP will be particularly well placed to develop and strengthen Bougainville's technical capacity in its technical and other expertise.
With the support of the Yugoslav People's Army, the Serbian forces have taken control of some parts of the Western Wall and the Eastern Slavonia, together with the occupied territories in a single State, “the “the President of Republika Srpska, Krajina”.
The fight against desertification is an important element of sustainable development to be a ecological problem.
This cooperation allows individuals and businesses in developing countries and help to attract national and foreign investment for strengthening and modernizing productive capacities, which increases the competitive position of the manufacturing sector in developing countries.
For our part, Jordan rejects all the wrongs and the countryside campaigns aimed at denying the Arabs and Muslims in the candet and the terrorists.
It is, however, behind the discussions that took place before the war and fuelled the controversy, a great criticism of the distribution of power in the international arena after the cold war.
The suicide attacks targeting innocent civilians must take end, and the occupation of Arab lands must cease.
As we can see, it is essential that the General Assembly is to complete its primacy in the United Nations and that the work of the Economic and Social Council is more visible and more relevant for ordinary people.
Stresses the need for a transitional administration in Iraq, under the control of the United Nations and governed by the Organization, in order to ensure stability and create the necessary conditions for lasting peace and respect for human rights.
As a result of the implementation of paragraph 166 of the Bangkok Plan of Action, the future future meeting would be welcomed.
The review process was not aimed at renegotiating the Bangkok Plan of Action.
It was generally recognized that the overall policy indicators, at the national level or at the international level, were more difficult to define indicators for concrete results such as some types of technical assistance.
As part of the establishment of new mechanisms, the issue of stability of flows should receive sufficient attention.
The errors of this type noted in the report, which could be very superficial, were serious and fundamental if it was seen in a political context.
He informed the representative of the State party that, as a result of the fact that there was a need to make, it was necessary to compare the tragic events of the Holocaust, in which 6 million Jews had been defeated, with political differences between Israelis, Arabs and Palestinians.
H. Accreditation of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, and admission of observers 29 - 30 7
Decides to amend the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal with effect on 1 January 2004:
The assistance provided to developing countries in their multilateral trade negotiations on services remained a priority for UNCTAD, whose contribution in this area was recognized as historic.
Adoption of the agenda
(c) Statistics (E/2003/24)
The Secretary-General shall transmit to the members of the General Assembly a report prepared by the Secretary-General of the World Tourism Organization, in response to Security Council resolutions 1998/40 of 30 July 1998, and 53/200 of 15 December 1998.
In addition, a number of ministers, representatives of intergovernmental organizations, members of the diplomatic corps accredited to the United Nations and representatives of the first-year industrial associations and non-governmental groups.
Fifty-seventh session
(c) Where transactions were carried out with or by natural or legal persons residing in countries that are not cooperating with the International Financial Action Unit (FATF).
Resolution S-23/3, annex.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 54/55 A of 1 December 1999, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights established, in cooperation with the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, the Subregional Centre for Human Rights and Democracy in Central Africa, in Yaoundé.
Reaffirms that good governance in each country and the international level is essential for sustainable development and that, at the national level, the right of law, anti-corruption measures, gender equality and an environment conducive to investment constitute the basis for sustainable development and are essential to the provision of adequate housing as a component of the right to a standard of living;
Item 2 of the provisional agenda*
The decrease is due to the gradual reduction of civilian police personnel, which will be reduced from 3,055 men in July 2004 to 2, 195 in June 2005.
The report of the report concluded that the combination of the evaluation based on a variety of views and a multisectoral approach is fruitful.
Emphasizes that all existing and future peacekeeping missions shall be given equal and non-discriminatory treatment in respect of financial and administrative arrangements;
The members of the Bureau, elected at the thirty-ninth session, were Ms. F. Al-Ghazali (OO), Chairperson, and Mr. V. Movichich (Belarus), Vice-Chairman/Rapporteur.
Insolvency procedure
I would also like to express our appreciation to the President of the Economic and Social Council for his very useful comments on the contribution of the Economic and Social Council in the peace process.
Option 51 was approved and referred to the drafting group.
Following the deliberations held at the nineteenth session of the Committee for Programme and Budget, the Director-General had appointed the Director of the Division for Programme Development and Technical Cooperation to further strengthen evaluation and develop appropriate performance indicators.
Prior to the replacement of such an approach in other integrated programmes and to adopt this combined approach as a model methodology, the framework of indicators is currently being tested in Tanzania.
Draft resolutions before the Council
Annex II
The claim of Hydril covers six contracts with INEC for the sale of goods to be used in the oil fields in Iraq.
Although the base of these comparisons is not ideal, such as it has already been mentioned, the elements to show that UNIDO assume a disproportionate responsibility that UNIDO manages the entire buildings of the VIC.
NEPAD promotes the creation of subregional and regional infrastructure.
The widening of the scope of reservations, which is clearly reflected in the late formulation of a reservation and that the restrictions adopted in the last case — “Guidelines 2.3.1 to 2.3.3) must be transposed to the extent of assessing the scope of reservations, which is reflected in the common practice, including:
Draft guideline 2.6.1 proposes a definition of objections taking into account conceptual considerations and the study of practice.
When landfills are properly sealed, the risk of oil control in the underlying waters is being destroyed.
Please describe the legislative and/or administrative measures taken in order to give effect to the travel ban.
The import and export procedures of arms are subject to responses to questions 22 and 23 and any other activities that such procedures are considered as an offence under the applicable criminal law applicable to this case.
Space space:
Table 1 contains a list of space systems on sustainable development.
Mr. Zhang Yishan (China) (spoke in Chinese): In 11 years, the United Nations General Assembly adopted every year of resolutions calling for all countries to comply with the Charter of the United Nations and to comply with the principles contained in international legal instruments, by removing or invalidating all laws and measures that have extraterritorial effects, which affect the sovereignty of other States, on the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction, as well as freedom of trade and navigation.
Castro continues to be unrelated to all political openness and continues to deny the most basic rights recognized in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
The Asset Property Unit would be called for to evolve with the Mission.
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General
Chapter of the report of the Economic and Social Council
Once again, at 910 hours, the inspectors met with the Director of the warehouses who have raised questions relating to the activities of these sites, the type of medicines and diagnostic equipment, the structure of the enterprise and the names of its main leaders, and asked whether vaccines had been imported and distributed and that changes had occurred during the four years.
A ceiling of 24 per cent and a ceiling of 0.01 per cent will be used for the preparation of the assessments of the States Parties for the budget of the Tribunal (see para. 54).
At the twelfth Meeting of States Parties, it was decided that the Tribunal should continue to carry out its current practice with regard to staff assessment, pending the adoption of a decision on the basis of a detailed proposal that the Tribunal should submit to the thirteenth Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/88).
Article 13 of the above Act provides a separate protection for persons who organize a strike or participate, provided that the movement is organized in accordance with the rule of law.
Equality of access to higher education allows the opportunity for students who wish to continue their studies to obtain good results at the secondary level.
Outcome, phenomena such as soil erosion and extinction of plant and animal species in some communities (forests, rivers and lakes) could hinder the harmonious development of Montenegro, which means, by contrast, that the current levels of poverty can continue.
The Employment Act was adopted in 2002 and its implementation is under way.
In accordance with ILO Convention No. 102 of 1952 concerning social security (the minimum minimum), the insured staff for less than 20 years have allowed the right to retire at the age of 65 years for men and 60 years for women, after 15 years of contributions.
See table 18/9, annex.
The European Union stresses the importance of a rapid deployment of the force-based force of the international stabilization force.
Have you met with problems related to the presentation of names and information information in the list?
Letter dated 27 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly
Thirdly, the principles of the Convention on the Limits of War Crimes and Crimes against humanity of 26 November 1968 must be allowed to apply to the same same as those of the Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide of 9 December 1948.
We have guaranteed the international level of protection of children, but they remain without progress.
This approach should be re-evaluated by the Security Council, since it is taboic, anachronistic and constitutes a violation of the ceasefire and the truce agreed.
Concerned about the plight of many Kuwaiti and Kuwaiti States who have disappeared since 2 August 1990.
(No.
Geneva, 27 and 28 November 2003
In its resolution 44/21, the General Assembly
The discussion of this topic today is therefore an absolute necessity and has just been very pronounced.
Before the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Sierra Leone made a statement explaining his position (see A/C.6/58/SR.4).
Unless I hear any objection, I shall put the draft resolution to the vote now.
Under agenda item 117 (b):
The Committee also considered several claims relating to industrial or commercial losses that claimants allegedly incurred in Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
b Excludes the amount of USD 2,649,983 related to commercial or industrial losses suffered by Kuwaiti companies, whose review will be assigned to “E4” committees in accordance with decision 123 of the Governing Council.
Stresses the need to promote broad acceptance, for the operationalization and realization of the right to development at the international level, and calls upon States to formulate necessary actions and to establish necessary measures for the implementation of the right to development as fundamental human rights;
Developments in the human rights situation since the signing of peace agreements
That is why the next Government is urgently required to make the United Nations police officers, judges, prosecutors and human rights activists whose dedication and courage are the foundation for reform.
There is still no comprehensive definition of universal human rights obligations that correspond to the right to education.
The truth on the events of Khodjj
This reference to international organizations has prompted the inclusion, subparagraph (i) of article 2, paragraph 1, of the following definition for the Convention:
At its 9th and 10th meetings, held on 16 and 17 June 2003, the Committee for Programme and Coordination considered the pre-project and the introduction of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (A/58/6 (Introduction).
In order to consider new priorities, it was important to identify the activities that exceeded.
Agenda items 120, 121 and 161
Elections were held in 1982 to elect the Constituent Assembly, which had established, ratified and proclaimed the Constitution of the Republic of 1983, which is currently currently responsible for the institutional life of the nation.
Decisions on the next meeting of the Committee for Budget and Finance, including dates and venue.
Improving and modernizing the facilities of the United Nations Office at Nairobi to enable it to host in good conditions of meetings and conferences
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Reaffirming the importance, for the guarantee and effective respect of human rights, the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and set out in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
Audit Division
The Subcommittee had before it a note by the Secretariat entitled “National profile on space debris, the safety of space objects with nuclear power sources and the problems relating to their collision with space debris” (A/AC.105/789), as well as a working paper submitted by the Russian Federation on the “use of use of nuclear power sources in outer space” (A/AC.105/C.1/L.265/Add.5 and Corr.1).
Space objects: satellite is used for commercial telecommunications and defence purposes.
The meeting rose at 11.35 a.m.
S/2003/529, annex.
Also calls upon all Member States that have not yet done so to impose financial institutions to implement them as well as to ensure that comprehensive human rights and vigilance programmes can promote transparency and prevent the placement of funds made in an effective manner;
We highly appreciate the initiative of the countries concerned to contribute to the establishment of a global environmental assessment mechanism, which is based on a previous resolution of the General Assembly, resolution 57/141, and on the report of the Secretary-General and now resumed its resolution A/58/L.19.
We suggest the establishment by the General Assembly of a cooperative and regular inter-agency coordination and coordination mechanism within the United Nations system to bridge the vacuum by removing the Sub-Committee on Oceans and Coastal Areas.
In ratifying the Convention, we have affirmed our belief in the implementation of the rule of law in the oceans.
The results of the project, including specific recommendations on the minimization of risks to biodiversity resulting from mining activities, will be transmitted by the Authority to the international community.
In the context of the recovery of the minimum base salary scale, the Commission noted that the issue of possible changes to the staff assessment rate to address imbalances at the level of the Tax Equalization Fund had been addressed with the United Nations Secretariat, which had indicated that no change was required to the immediate effect.
On 20 September, the arbitrary arrest of members of a humanitarian commission composed of NGOs, high-ranking companies and the Office of the Ombudsman of the People's Republic of Valle del Cauca, who visited to support the war of the Caucasus.
There is a need to report the adoption of Law No. 747 of 2002 which, including trafficking in persons with a criminal offence.
Human rights and terrorism
Item 7 (i) of the provisional agenda* Coordination, programme and other questions: United Nations Study Group on Information and Communications Technology
This support should enable the rural economy to resume and contribute to the long-term reduction of poverty.
The experience of the United Nations itself shows that in most cases the role of the Organization in post-conflict situations is set up and structured by the scope and nature of its participation in each phase of the conflict resolution.
In addition, it is necessary to implement disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programmes of ex-combatants, to combat trafficking in arms, especially small arms, to ensure the return of refugees and internally displaced persons in their countries and promote human rights.
I would like, however, at this stage of our debate, to make some remarks, and first on the evolution of our Council's work.
It is sufficient to consider a few of these conflicts to understand that the role of the United Nations varies considerably from a situation of conflict to another.
Before addressing the role of the United Nations to overcome these conflicts, I would like to make a comment on those conflicts themselves.
We firmly believe that the Council must enjoy the full confidence and support of the international community.
He also emphasized that the Charter should be the foundation for the legitimacy of all international actions.
The Network showed how various partners of the international community could work in order to address the various dimensions of this challenge.
Guidelines for heads of the Network for Youth Employment
Opening of the session
The travaux préparatoires will indicate, in connection with paragraph 2 (a) of this article, that a State Party may choose to establish procedures to be recognized and to implement an alien's foreign or seizure decision, or to be based on such a decision to seek its own authority to a freeze or seizure decision.
Governments have resorted to security legislation to justify the censorship of certain information on human rights and to exercise reprisals against defenders.
Estimates: Several Parties provided an estimate of the effects of different policies relating to the transport sector (Germany, Australia, Austria, Bulgaria, the European Community, Spain, Estonia, Italy, Norway, Netherlands, the Netherlands, Sweden and Switzerland).
Policies and measures of broader scope that the only fight against climate change: the most commonly reported policies in the agriculture sector are under this category.
Policies and measures to combat the emissions of CH4 were concentrated on the decrease in the number of livestock, the reduction of animal livestock, the reduction of livestock, in Belgium, the decrease in the number of livestock (Slovakia) and research programmes specifically designed to explore the ways of reducing the emissions of CH4 (and N2O) from cultural practices (France and New Zealand).
The 2003 special session on the budget of the UNICEF Executive Board will be held on 1 and 2 December 2003 in Conference Room 2.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The fifth network, which covers renewable energy sources, should be established before the end of 2003.
These networks should facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the national and cross-border levels.
In the case of contemporary language, the language is as a real condition or “the Internet” or “the Internet”, as if the short delay of transmission and treatment of the information reported, it is a reality of the fact that, or in any case, it was alleged to be lost.
All countries whose economic functions are in a common way to focus on the fact that the coordination function is within the company or between several enterprises.
Many of the measures taken during the past few years have been impossible without the progress made in the concepts and definitions through practitioners of the OECD Working Group on the indicators for information society.
Finally, the Secretariat should indicate the share of extrabudgetary resources to each of the sections considered during the four previous bienniums.
Replace paragraph (vi) by the following paragraph:
In Ghana, the HIV/AIDS prevalence rate of 3.4 per cent has not decreased during the past two years, although it is less than one of the other countries of the West African region where the rate of 5 per cent in 11 per cent.
We are now one of the major donors in East Asia and the Pacific on commitments and expenditures.
In this context, I would like to recall the guidance we are committed to the establishment of Tunisia, since the change of 7 November 1987, and that, among priorities, human rights, in their various dimensions and in their comprehensive design, which includes combating illiteracy, poverty and disease.
The hegemonic ambitions imposed on the most small countries of the region in the region's limited obligation to share high military expenditures, despite limited resources, to protect their independence and territorial integrity.
After eight months of liberation, the Iraqis will begin with the assistance of their allies and friends, and they look forward to the assistance of the international community under the auspices of the United Nations.
If the table does not explain a precautionary factor such as a source of source, it is necessary to use an appropriate factor to a category of similar characteristics.
Annex II
Paragraph 1.10
Amend paragraph 3 as follows:
Calls upon all States to promote and respect human rights of all persons regardless of their situation;
Decides to continue consideration of the question at its sixtieth session under the agenda item entitled “Question of the violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, where it occurs in the world”.
We also welcome Mr. Jacques Klein to serve as Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Liberia.
In view of this view, my country believes that Kosovo has not yet attained the level of economic and social development, but it would be important to consider the issue of final status in a immediate way.
In particular, it should be noted in particular the recent return of Kosovo Serb representatives to the Kosovo Assembly; it is a good sign.
Such a transfer is of paramount importance.
In Kosovo, however, there is still much work to do so.
The maintenance of the Kosovo Protection Corps in this form is likely to destabilize the region, which could lead to a new wave of inter-ethnic violence.
Review of the structure of the posts in the United Nations Secretariat
Approves, in principle, the proposed scenario by the Secretary-General that the new United Nations building would be occupied by a contract of lease to the end of which it would become the owner of the construction and the ground on which it would be built;
Decides to consider further consideration of the conference services and support services to the Counter-Terrorism Committee in 2003, in the light of the review that the Security Council will focus on the activities of the Committee;
A/57/7/Add.10.
In addition, companies are increasingly becoming to submit reports on the effects they may have on society and how they manage.
The text of its statement on the five remaining reports, which covers the entire system, will be communicated to delegations in a timely manner.
One of the areas of activity which have evolved in recent years is the establishment of documents for crew crews.
Section III of the Criminal Code, entitled “Criminal offences against individual liberty”, is punishable by a penalty of six months to three years of imprisonment; or if the act is, or even, a serious injury to the health or property of the victim, such conditions constitute a serious circumstance for the health or property of the victim, such conditions constitute an aggravating circumstance of offences under article 151, and the penalty shall be in the case of two to six years of imprisonment.
Various regulations and laws apply to each component of the sanctions regime imposed by resolution 1390 (2002) and confirmed by resolution 1455 (2003).
Please submit to the Committee, in the extent possible, the names of persons or entities associated with Osama bin Laden or members of the Taliban or Al-Qaida, whose name is not included on the list, unless the disclosure of such information would not affect investigations or measures.
The main strategic commitment of South Africa in the Middle East conflict, as demonstrated by the Presidential Seminar for the Peace of Spier, on the strengthening of peace camps in Israel and Palestine; the sharing of South African experience with a broad range of civil society and the Governments of Israel and Palestinian and Palestinian Governments; the contribution to the reform process in Palestine and support for international peace efforts.
Although the withdrawal of the military component of MINURK has been completed on 20 April 1996, most administrative personnel had also to leave the Mission area in accordance with the desire expressed by the Government of Rwanda.
(a) According to the sources contacted, approximately 60 per cent of Liberia's territory were under the control of rebels;
No.
In the Stockholm Declaration, the international community was committed to sharing the responsibility of reducing social and environmental vulnerability in the region (b.e. building democracy and good governance, strengthening the decentralization process, with the active participation of civil society; to promote respect for human rights (the permanent objective) with special attention to gender equality and the rights of children and ethnic groups.
During the reporting period, the Council has considered many major issues of major concern for international peace and security, in Europe, Asia, including the Middle East, Oceania and particularly in Africa.
On security, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General stated that sporadic fighting in the north, south-east and a lesser extent in the western country were threats.
They called for the expansion of the Security Council's membership so that it can recover its legitimacy, more representative of the state of the global geopolitical character and to better reflect.
I have the honour to refer to the letter to President Philippe Kirsch on 30 April 2003 concerning the complaint submitted by Judge Navanethem Pillay, President of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, to obtain an extension of his mandate to the Tribunal until the case of the Media case, which should not go beyond the end of the year.
Welcoming the increased attention given to the situation of women and girls and the integration of gender perspectives in the work of the United Nations, in particular in the outcomes of major conferences, special sessions and summits, as well as in the following manner, and reaffirming its commitment to support the progress made,
In accordance with the principle of rotation established by the Commission, the President of the Commission at its twelfth session should be drawn from the Group of Eastern European States, and the Rapporteur of the Group of African States.
The Committee took action on this post for the reasons set out in the general report.
Ms. Acar said that the Committee's concern on the rise in the age of marriage for the reunification of families is an urgent consequence of its mandate aimed at eliminating discrimination against women.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling asked whether special measures were taken, such as the provisions relating to the custody of children and separate classes, to encourage immigrant immigrants to follow up in Danish studies.
In the past two decades, governance has become a concern for developed countries as well as for developing countries, especially those with respect to all, in the beginning of the century, the same types of problems, although many of the different groups: corruption, constitutional crisis, economic stagnation, ethnic conflicts and growing crime.
Organization of work of the session
Requests the administering Power to cooperate with the establishment of programmes specifically aimed at promoting the development of sustainable economic activities and enterprises, noting the special role of Chamorro people in the development of Guam;
In accordance with rule 28 of the rules of procedure of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, the attention of the Commission was drawn to the estimated administrative and programme budget implications of the draft decision.
C.E. DATE OF THE COVENRIES OF THE SUBE OF THE SRAE OF THE CONVENTION OF THE SATE OF THE SATE OF THE SATE OF THE SUBNENT
Stresses the importance of simplification and harmonization of requests of the reports of the United Nations system to Member States and urges the institutions and relevant bodies of the United Nations system to adopt, in consultation with Member States, simplified and harmonized methodologies and to assist developing countries, as appropriate and on their request, to develop reports on national data and statistics;
“The Government of India had previously instructed the State of Karnataka to leave the country to leave the country with the father François Marie God.
Technology had a role to play in the expansion of access to information, particularly in the form of geographic information systems, in the form of data and software systems, to improve access to information for planning, logistics (e.g. for evacuation routes) and other purposes, to understand and provide for the events and challenges in geographical space, and facilitate public participation in advocacy and disaster preparedness efforts.
Reports of the Fifth Committee (A/58/571 and Add.1)
The President: I now give the pleasure of giving the words that I am confident, we have now to hear our work for the first part of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
I have since December last year a number of bilateral consultations, group or open to all, Geneva and New York.
According to a view of the view that economic policies against cannabis abuse were not only a threat to public health but also against the efforts undertaken by developing countries, they have made considerable efforts and resources to reduce cannabis cultivation in their territory.
- In collaboration with the National Commission for Women, the Office has undertaken several discussions and public consultations on legislative reforms on the status of women in Guyana.
Since the establishment of the system in 1993, 47 young girls benefited from this fund.
The first promotion of 116 students is expected to obtain an end of studies in 2003.
12.1 The basic objectives of the health sector are the increase in life expectancy for all Guatemalians, the reduction of disparities between social groups, improving access to care and quality of care, and ensuring that health services are provided at affordable cost.
A number of measures have been taken to translate the recommendations on the remedy of justice, including a draft law which provides that lawyers are accountable to their clients.
The General Assembly,
Invites the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the Pacific Islands Forum, to take the necessary measures to promote and expand cooperation and coordination among the secretariats of the two organizations to enable them to better improve their common objectives;
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the impact of new biotechnology, in particular on sustainable development, including food security, health and economic productivity,
In their conclusions, participants emphasized the importance of coordination activities to avoid duplication of efforts.
The tele-learning programme is also a useful initiative.
UNITAR delegations are working with the staff of various ministries and departments involved in the fight against AIDS and lessons learned in the country.
Mr. Eljy (Syrian Arab Republic), speaking on behalf of the Group of Arab States, said that it would like to associate itself with the statement made by the representative of Morocco on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Department suggests that the problem could be resolved through new technologies.
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (resolutions 57/124 at 57/128 of 11 December 2002 and 57/336 of 18 June 2003).
Inclusion of encumbered assets in the insolvency estate
(a) Sharing information between the bodies responsible for dealing with the laws in sensitive areas or disputed border areas; joint border control and customs control activities;
This form of integration was highlighted in the commitments made by participants at the Copenhagen Summit and the special session held in Geneva.
Agenda item 93 (b)
The Supreme Board of Audit oversees the economic activity of State institutions, the use and preservation of the State's funds by the central and local government bodies, and the economic activities of the State that are more than half of the shares or actions (article 162 to 165 of the Constitution).
Having also considered the letter of the Secretary-General to the President of the Security Council dated 7 May 2003 (S/2003/530) and the letter dated 1 May 2003 from the President of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, addressed to the President of the Security Council,
If necessary, it would also ensure the follow-up to operational, financial and personnel issues to MINUGUA.
General and complete disarmament
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-ninth session the item entitled “Missiles”.
Those who have established and committed these crimes must be duly prosecuted and tried under international law.
General and complete disarmament: illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in all its aspects
Reaffirming its resolution 57/72 of 22 November 2002,
Address by His Excellency Mr. Nicanor Duarte Frutos, President of the Republic of Paraguay
Pakistan indicated that it had concluded with 27 States in bilateral extradition treaties, which dealt with the terrorist acts identified as an extraditable offence, and reported that more than 450 suspected terrorists had been extradited under these treaties.
Such activities are currently being carried out with the Commonwealth secretariat on the drafting of legislative guides, with the Organization of American States to support the activities of the Agency in Haiti, and with OSCE.
Thematic communications campaigns
A senior staff member of the Department visited Brussels in June to review the preliminary provisions with relevant officials of the Belgian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, including the proposed website.
The meeting offered an opportunity to exchange views between staff members of the Department of Public Information at Headquarters and their field offices, as well as a number of donors, on how to manage the concept of regionalization in its implementation.
The official position of the Organization on matters that are major titles are provided by the Office of the Spokesperson for the press points, official statements, interviews and briefings.
Anyone who have fire fire or other facilities for livestock, without authorization of its owners, or local communities surrounding forests which supply water in water, even belonging to individuals, is punishable by imprisonment of 6 to 18 months in prison.
The vacancy rates identified in the Professional category and higher categories in several sections of the budget (5 16, 19 and 22) were higher than the budgeted rates of the budget, including due to delays in recruitment, appointment and/or promotion, separation and temporary assignments for higher posts (A/58/558, para.
As a result of the Criminal Code, the application of a third party will be used by a third party, which is not punished by the law.
In Switzerland, a number of criminal norms applicable to terrorist acts and their financing (annex 1 to the first report of Switzerland, 19 December 2001, contains a list of such offences).
On 1 January 2002, the Act to improve the protection of civilians in cases of violence and undesirable ill-treatment, as well as to facilitate the provision of the private housing, which has entered into force, further introducing the simplified housing, and the prohibitions to contact, harass and develop, also a general right to the allocation of marital housing if violent acts were committed.
This is not applicable only if the person was provided to the Federal Employment Service before receiving maternity benefits or before start to raise children, or in the case where unemployment or unemployment has ceased.
A balanced participation of women and men in the political system has not yet been achieved.
• In addition to the increasing number of divorces, women can no longer rely on the payment of re-entry;
Part II contains a presentation of measures adopted since 1998 to implement the provisions of the Convention.
In this area, the Government's plan of action provides a series of measures to improve the situation of the data in the police and to carry out an independent investigation on violence against women.
In the context of the second World Congress against Sexual Exploitation of Children for Trade, held in Yokohama in December 2001, it has become clear that there was a greater awareness of the problems posed by sexual exploitation of children and many measures had been taken.
This decision seeks to prevent and combat production, treatment, distribution and possession of pornographic materials involving children on the Internet.
- Offenders - a distinction on the basis of universalization;
6.4 Judicial procedures in relation to Allemters who committed sexual violence abroad
The previous regulations on the right of custody and the right of residence did not provide for the right to custody for non-nationals.
- Manual for municipal policy-making activities in its area, prepared by the Ministry of State for Equality of Women and Men (Sland);
- Obligation for all land law and local authorities, as well as for all other legal persons subject to the supervision of the free State of Puerto Rico, to work in favour of the equal participation of women and men (section 15 of the Act on the Promotion of Women (SächFFFG) dated 31 March 1994 (Official Gazette of the H.E.S.S.S.S.
Social assistance, commitment
Gichichberechtigungskzet T Konze für für de Förderung der gleichichberechgraten Beigigung von Frauen undzänerner in Licklungungss
The only solution to the crisis in the Middle East, which is becoming more serious, is the implementation of the road map prepared by the Quartet, as stated, in the Declaration by the Quartet at its last meeting in New York.
The question we look forward to the fragility of the situation and the importance of establishing a more comprehensive peace agreement for the entire region of the Middle East.
Article 8 Exchange of information and documentation
The Standing Committee decided at its twenty-sixth meeting in March 2003 that, as at the last two years, the debate, at the beginning of the annual theme, would focus on the opening statement of the High Commissioner.
Programme questions, administration and finance
Since 1997 Member States of the International Association of Prosecutors and continue.
These measures should enable them to locate and control firearms.
Women and girls who are victims of this trafficking are subject to violence and their fundamental rights seriously violated.
79th plenary meeting 23 December 2003
(Signed) Mohamed Ibn Chambamb
Moreover, as the Commission had excluded diplomatic and consular personnel from the scope of the study, the logic would suggest that staff members of international organizations are excluded equally.
Administrative and financial matters 49 - 50 5
Consultations with non-governmental organizations.
We hope that we will not go forward and we will have the political will to move forward, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/22 entitled “Further measures to restructure and revitalize the United Nations in the economic and social fields and related areas”.
We also join previous speakers in thanking the Secretary-General for his report entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields” (A/58/359).
The policy plan and national strategy to combat malaria was launched in 1995.
It is also essential to join local governments, civil society and the private sector in the development and implementation of road safety policies.
It could also consider the possibility of implementing the proposals of the Secretary-General, published in his report on the United Nations Millennium Assembly (A/54/2000) and to establish a ad hoc working group, a subsidiary body or an informal technical mechanism to discuss the peaceful settlement of disputes that could be implemented in the case of conflicts already brought to the Council or to be at short time.
When the Security Council will be able to play a more positive role, in accordance with Chapter VI of the Charter, with regard to the establishment of wars and to promote peaceful reconciliation and the restoration of regional peace and security, the international community can undoubtedly invest more hopes in the peaceful settlement of disputes.
This balance requires the primary responsibility to the parties themselves, even if they can use external intervention to help them resolve their differences.
We must, with force, reaffirm our adherence to the rule of law in relations between States and to the peaceful settlement of disputes, including the use of jurisdictional channels.
(a) Take measures to protect students from violence, tangible damage or ill-treatment, including sexual violence and intimidation in schools, to establish complaints for complaints that are accessible to children, and to investigate in-depth investigations all acts of violence and discrimination;
Also requests the Secretary-General to submit, before 31 October 2003, a report on the implementation of the present resolution and its resolution 1379 (2001), which would include:
In addition, the Council is reviewing the allocation of responsibilities, which has served as an inter-agency coordinating mechanism on the United Nations Environment and Development Conference.
Ms. Zubčević (Croatia), Vice-Chairperson, introduced draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.59 on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.26.
Climate change is a global problem linked to other global problems that are at the heart of the Organization's mission.
After the cessation of active hostilities and as soon as possible, each Contracting Party, as well as each party to an armed conflict, marks and thereby destroy or destroyed ERW in the territories affected by its control.
Welcoming the ongoing cooperation with the World Trade Organization (WTO), the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and other organizations in the field of competition and competition policy, and in particular the commitment to the Fourth WTO Ministerial Conference, in paragraph 24 of the Doha Declaration,
Zuhair Mahmoud Ahmed Aw
The deployment of UNOCI is taking a satisfactory process, a first group of 26 liaison officers arrived in Abidjan on 23 June 2003.
A new communication strategy is being developed in preparation for the World Summit on the Information Society in Geneva in December 2003, in cooperation with the International Telecommunication Union.
The response of the United Nations system in East Timor has been a particularly interesting and rich experience of lessons learned to confirm the positive results and avoid the failures of the future.
The work began in May 2000 and the document was circulated in November and the general framework was prepared and approved by UNTAET.
Albania*, Bangladesh*, Greece*, Guatemala, Finland*, Cameroon, Canada, Canada, Greece*, Greece*, Peru, Hungary*, Iceland*, Italy*, Japan, Luxembourg*, Luxembourg*, Malta*, Morocco*, Mexico*, Peru*, Japan*, Luxembourg*, Peru*, Peru*, Peru*, Mexico*, Poland*, Norway*, Norway*, New Zealand*, Panama*, Netherlands*, Philippines*, Poland, Portugal*, Romania*, Romania*, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Saint Marino*, Senegal, Serbia and Montenegro*, Slovenia*, Sudan, Sweden, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland,
In the preamble to this instrument, States parties have stated that “restermined to stop the suffering and loss of life caused by anti-personnel mines, which kill or maim hundreds of people each week, for most innocent and defenceless civilians, particularly children, impede development and economic reconstruction, prevent the repatriation of refugees and internally displaced persons on the territory, and other serious consequences for years after their implementation”.
Allow me to thank all delegations for having encouraged my efforts and consultations, I would like to thank the Secretary-General, Mr. Ordzhonkidze, the Under-Secretary-General, Mr. Enrique Román-Morey, and the entire members of the secretariat, for their effective support.
It is in this context that the close links between man-portable air defence systems and small arms systems were discussed.
We call upon the coalition forces to achieve this essential objective and to strengthen coordination with relevant international institutions and institutions in order to enable countries to return to normalcy.
This initiative called for the establishment of an international fund for the higher public education in the objective of providing assistance, both immediate and long-term, for the recovery of higher education in our country, Iraq.
We took note of the call made by the Secretary-General for the reform of our institutions by 2005.
The outcome of our work on this topic will depend on the degree of objectivity of our approach and realism.
First, although the quantity of nuclear weapons has decreased, their role in national strategies of some countries has not been reduced in a radical manner.
I firmly believe that all countries of East Asia, including the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, multilateralism is important, and we believe that the erosion of the credibility of the multilateral disarmament treaties is in the interest of none of the countries of East Asia.
Mr. PETÖCZ (Slovakia), speaking on behalf of the Group of Eastern European States, said that the group favoured that idea.
First, the analysis of the resolutions of the Security Council, unilateral statements of nuclear-weapon States and agreements on nuclear-weapon-free zones that guarantees security assurances are generally accompanied by reservations from the nuclear-weapon States.
Mr. SANDERS (Netherlands): Mr. President, although the present meeting is already the last President, I think that I are the first time I take the floor since your assumption of this function.
Stresses the importance of developing the capacity of indigenous peoples, on the basis of human resources and institutions, to find solutions to their problems;
The Committee shall consider and approve the financial statements and reports on the audit of these statements to the Committee for the Budget and Finance Committee, including the comments of the Committee.
Members of the Council also have before them document S/2003/312, which contains the text of a draft resolution prepared in the course of the Council's prior consultations.
(a) Financial arrangements.
It is important to emphasize that the current level of assistance is inadequate.
In our view, it is important, at this stage, that national demining strategies are being established to ensure an effective process of decision-making on short-term priorities, medium- and long-term priorities.
Thirdly, Lebanon has established the National Office of Mine Demining, and established the United Nations and the United Arab Emirates, the United Nations Mine Action Coordination Centre in southern Lebanon.
We can achieve a protocol, which is contained in the annex to the Convention and should take into account the security interests of the country while we help to eliminate former mines, which, as new, destroy lives and property and impede efforts to end desertification, to achieve and strengthen sustainable development.
Letter dated 4 April 2003 from the Permanent Representatives of Peru and the Russian Federation to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In June 2003, the pledges to the Fund amounted to only $4.7 billion, while the estimated overall expenditure is approximately $10.5 billion per year to effectively implement prevention, treatment, care and support programmes.
Country offices
The provision of credit, a similar definition to those contained in the UNDP Financial Regulations, UNFPA and UNICEF
In addressing agenda items 113 (Promotion and protection of the rights of the child), 115 (Eradication of racism and racial discrimination), 116 (Right to peoples of self-determination) and 117 (Human rights questions), the Commission will include dialogue between members and special rapporteurs and representatives to report their activities.
The world now faces about 42 million people living with HIV/AIDS.
The General Assembly,
The conventions set out the need for human rights to respect human rights, but it was necessary to comply with existing standards.
The Committee concurs with this decision and set up on 2 August 1990 the date of loss for late Palestinian claims of “C” claims.
Recognizing that domestic violence against women is involved in the rights of the person,
Because of their separate legal structures, the role of specialized agencies in technical cooperation has not been addressed.
This simplicity has a price, namely, a arbitrary arrest and the disease.
Why are those organizations themselves engaged in technical cooperation?
The latter has taken the initiative to support the coordination of gender issues.
(b) Resolution 47/120 B of 18 December 1992 entitled “Partnership for Peace: Preventive diplomacy and related matters”, its resolution 47/120 B of 20 September 2002 entitled “ Agenda for Peace”, in particular section IV entitled “Economic challenges due to the implementation of preventive or coercive measures”, and its resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997 entitled “Supplement to the Agenda for Peace”, in particular annex II entitled “Question of sanctions imposed by the United Nations”,
The development and development of democracy as well as the approach adopted by the United Nations system on this issue must take into account the fact that there is no single step to achieve democracy.
In that statement, the Secretary-General stated that the considerable importance of the culture of peace, and the attention that it should be devoted to this universal Organization and not merely one of its specialized agencies.
In this context, the celebration of the International Decade for the Promotion of a Culture of Non-Violence and Peace for the Children of the World's Children, which is more than a desire for the creative, moral and political imperative of our time.
Taking note of the objectives set out in the Rome Declaration on World Food Security and the Plan of Action of the World Food Summit, as well as in the outcome document of the World Food Summit: five years after the commitment to eradicate hunger,
Emphasizing the need to operate on the industrial transformation of commodities in developing countries, particularly African countries and least developed countries, in order to increase productivity and stabilize and increase their export earnings, thereby promoting sustainable economic growth and integration into the global economy,
Accordingly, I have appointed Mr. Parker Judge Permanent Tribunal to the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, on 4 December 2003, for the remainder of the mandate of Mr. David Hunt, until 16 November 2005.
The programme of action remains a year for the evolution of the disarmament process.
The Permanent Mission of Colombia to the United Nations wishes to report that, in the opinion of the Government of Colombia, paragraph 2 of resolution 57/77, in which the General Assembly requests the Conference on Disarmament to consider the principles that could serve as a framework for regional agreements on conventional arms control, could enable the Conference to resume a part of its activities and to break the deadlock in which it has been in the past three years.
American Convention on Human Rights, Convention on the Territorial Situation of the Organization of American States, OAS Convention on Diplomatic And Tribal Affairs, United Nations Declaration on Lebanon.
Its impact goes beyond borders and is why international cooperation is absolutely indispensable.
It is incumbent on the Third Committee, which is responsible for the social programme, to ensure that this programme is well understood and translated into reality.
Authorizes the Secretary-General to initiate, for the period from 1 July to 31 October 2003, a total amount of $1,12 million would be financed from the cumulative balance of the United Nations Observer Mission for Iraq and Kuwait;
The Special Rapporteur plans to submit in 2004 a final report in which it will consider these two issues, so that the first reading could be completed during the same session.
The Commission on Equal Opportunities and the Fund for Equal Opportunities have been established to establish cooperation with the private sector for all matters relating to women's employment.
The use of these targeted summaries would be flexible, optional and database.
For its consideration of this item, the Committee had before it a note by the secretariat on the exchange of information: establishment of a electronic exchange centre (UNEP/FAO/PIC/INC.10/22).
In this context, future workshops could also consider an exchange between limited groups of industrialized countries, developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
He also referred to the various technical assistance projects that the Commission supported, inter alia, the PARISAP network, and the efforts of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) concerning national profiles.
Items for the provisional agenda of meetings
Quorum in the open-ended subsidiary bodies
The communication may include suggestions on solutions that the Party considers more appropriate in the present case;
Fifth instalment category “A” claims corrections
Norway calls upon all countries to agree on a modus operandi that would help to alleviate and protect victims of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to strengthen their efforts at the national level with the efforts undertaken at the international level.
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino), speaking on agenda item 115 (a) and (b) said that, on the basis of the principles, his country believes, as the Internet is a unique tool to promote human rights, force is to recognize that, in practice, the Internet has not only positive implications on human rights, which explains the current debate on the regulation of new technologies.
The best way to find consensus on guiding principles is to hold consultations with Governments.
Mr. Paul Krugman, School of Public and International Affairs (University of Prtonton), Mr. Jagdy Bhagwati, Professor of Economics and International Affairs of the Arton Lhman (University of Columbia); Mr. Manuel Orococo, Director of the Central American Dialogue for the Inter-American Dialogue; and Mr. Jean Pierre Ouedraogo, the League of Consumer of Burkina Faso, will make presentations.
Information on workshops and training courses on combating crime related crime
In addition, it is unclear how macroeconomic and structural reforms are required within the framework of poverty reduction strategies affecting poverty and social conditions.
Therefore, there is still a need for further solutions to increase the rapid liquidity of the international liquidity when necessary, including the temporary allowance of special drawing rights (see ibid., para.
In accordance with these decisions, His Majesty is presiding over the Council of Ministers, and the President of the Council, who met each year in rotation, is now the head of the Government and, in the facts, the Prime Minister.
The Government of Bhutan is obliged to recognize that women are a major part of the population, and should therefore develop, implement and continue to administer the specific needs of women as well as those of men.
This is mainly due to the development of primary education and the fact that school schools will better be able to gain their students.
Multi-sectoral task teams have been responsible for combating the threat of HIV/AIDS.
Many men welcome the most important number of women in the National Assembly.
According to another scope of limited scope on women's participation in financial decisions, 27 per cent of female women indicated that they did not participate in the decision-making decisions, while 14 per cent took decisions with their husbands.
In the area of public administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has taken initiatives to improve the capacity of the public sectors of a number of countries, with advice, to the request, in order to reform public service.
In paragraph 16 of resolution 687 (1991), the Security Council established Iraq's responsibility for Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait:
It is also applicable to the claims for loss of funds, which includes similar aspects.
See also the decisions of the Committee contained in paragraph 79 of the E2(87 report, paragraph 71 of the E2(11 report; and paragraph 89 of the E2(31 report.
Report E2(3), paragraph 97-99.
Report of the United Kingdom concerning the achievement of the goals and objectives of the 1995 resolution on the Middle East
In accordance with article 8, paragraph 1, of the Extradition Act, persons who committed terrorist acts, even if such acts are considered as political crimes, may be extradited.
What are our objectives?
The report of the Secretary-General has just reminded that the situation in Iraq is a challenge of challenges that are real challenges and we call on all, and we call on us here and now to the international community, and we call on the coalition.
The establishment of a robust civil society will be essential to the new democracy.
In conclusion, my delegation would like to express my delegation's sincere thanks to the Council's mission and to the Council in its full commitment to finding responses to complex issues facing our region.
It also participates in the High-level Committee on Programmes and other coordinating mechanisms of the United Nations system.
- Support for associations and organizations to improve women's participation in decision-making.
The programme lasted 10 months, including 5 months of formal education in Madrid and 4 months and a half of practical education in the organizations of developing countries; a evaluation phase in Madrid is also planned.
These groups are young people of 16 to 30 years, women employed in male professions, more than 45 years, who are unemployed in the age of 6 months or more and workers who, at the time of conclusion of the new contract, were employed in the same company under a fixed or determined contract prior to 31 December 2003, including for training contracts.
It is in the age of 25-29 years that the daily consumption of tobacco among women is most important.
This improvement in the situation is, however, less marked by women (37, 5 per cent of the long-term unemployed in less than men (55,36%).
Members of permanent missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.
Despite the progress made by the establishment and strengthening of the normative framework, the tragic situation remains that children continue to be victims of armed conflict, and the most cruel and most cruel and most cruel people throughout the world.
This meeting is the first public meeting of the Security Council in 2003, which I believe that I believe that the Council will be ready to meet.
We are actively engaged in all initiatives aimed at ensuring compliance with international agreements in this area.
These areas are often in the areas of non-discrimination.
Activities planned to implement the request
- More than 150,000 houses or apartments (or a total of 2300 kilometres square kilometres) were looted and destroyed;
(c) Until 31 December 2001, the United Nations accounts were expressed in United States dollars.
(ii) The Model Information Analysis and Evaluation Database (COMFAR);
Bearing in mind the work plan, the medium-term programme framework and strategic guidance of the Organization on South-South Cooperation as well as thematic initiatives that the latter has taken in particular, including trade facilitation, the exploitation of rural energy for productive purposes and rehabilitation and reconstruction of the industrial sector,
It was so decided.
It was so decided.
Recognizing that rapid developments in the socio-economic situation, cultural, individual and social factors, as well as illicit drugs, have exacerbated the problem of the use of psycho-active substances at the global level,
In view of the ambiguity of the draft articles, the Commission decided to continue to take such a mandate as a matter of work, which was subject to “work” and to move beyond any formal changes.
Fifty-eighth session
Under the “United Nations Commission for International Trade Law”, replace the requirements (before recosting): $32,500 dollars (before recosting): $364,200
The Commission requested the Government to report to amend the relevant provisions of the above-mentioned laws in order to include the principle referred to in the Convention.
These decisions have been taken in consultation with Iraqi observers, including participants in weekly meetings on economic and senior government officials, and initial budgetary proposals were established by Iraqi officials.
The legitimacy and impartiality of the United Nations are in effect of the considerable benefits to build the people of Iraq.
The percentage of women employed by UNHCR has increased almost almost at the beginning of 2002 to 23 per cent of all national staff working in the programme, and 36 per cent of all national staff working in protection.
The appointment by President Gbagbo of the Ministers of Defence and Security in September should finalize the constitution of the National Reconciliation Government and to eliminate an important obstacle in the peace process.
Nevertheless, it should be noted that article 53 of the Constitution stipulates that the President of the Republic may delegate some of its powers to the members of the Government.
Beyond what we understand, we have faced the threats, collective responsibility, to return to the unity of the international community.
We have begun consultations with the United Nations and other members of the Council on adjustments to the “food-for-food” programme that would provide the continued delivery of key humanitarian supplies, including food and medicines in Iraq.
The work programme continues to be studied by my authorities, and we pledge the right to give our views on the programme as soon as possible.
If a Party considered the need for assistance to establish methyl bromide consumption to stabilize the backlog, it could be recalled to the Multilateral Fund.
Affirming that it works by consensus,
(i) 680 ODP tonnes in 2004;
All liquidation operations should be conducted on the basis of the planned locations, exclusively for authorized staff.
The funding mechanism was established in accordance with article 10 of the Montreal Protocol to ensure that the Parties referred to in article 5, paragraph 1, of financial and technical cooperation, in order to enable them to comply with the regulations set out in articles 2A to 2 and article 2 (2) or any other regulatory measure set forth in articles 2F to 2 in accordance with article 5, paragraph 1 bis of the Protocol.
Police officers also participated in training programmes abroad.
Some States said that the telephone, telex and postal services were also being distinguished.
(3) The party seeks to carry out an interim measure of protection shall promptly notify the State of any cancellation, suspension or modification of that measure.
Suggestions to improve the wording of the bracketed text were made, including the court of the court to suspend the execution procedure until the parties had the opportunity to heard by the arbitral tribunal or until all parties have been duly informed.
Second periodic report of Armenia
Reiterating that training activities should be given a more visible and more important role in the support of international affairs and the implementation of economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
The development and introduction of appropriate information technology, communication and transport technologies should also be supported by technical cooperation and investment required to strengthen capacity-building providers, or to establish such capacity - could require donor support or funding by international financial institutions.
A similar consequence is provided in the United Kingdom, where consumer is based on the contract, unless a competent court to deal with disputes relating to the contract in question does not apply to the request of the service provider.
In Afghanistan, the implementation of the reintegration programme has reached its maximum to the end of 2002.
Procedure
It is noted that calculations were made on the basis of an exchange rate of $899 to 1 United States dollars.
(h) The SBSTA decided to continue consideration of this item at its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions and, if necessary, at future sessions.
At its 7th meeting, Mr. Ward briefed the results of these consultations.
Guidelines under Articles 5, 7 and 8 of the Kyoto Protocol.
Harvard Law School (S/1999 2003), Professor, Mr. Robert F. Kennedy to provide in association with Professor Philip Heyman, and examining the various national and international approaches used to try to deal with the law; it also organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international trade and corruption: the rule of law in developing countries”.
Three members from Asian States,
The situation in the Great Lakes region
8 November 2002
8 November 2002
Recalling also decision 4/CP.7 in which it requested the Global Environment Facility, as an entity to ensure the functioning of the financial mechanism of the Convention, to provide financial support through its “peace change climate” and the Special Fund for Climate Change for the purposes of the implementation of the activities referred to in the framework for the implementation of effective and effective actions to strengthen the implementation of article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, which is contained in the annex to that decision,
Welcoming the first progress made in the implementation of the framework for the implementation of effective and effective actions to strengthen the implementation of article 4, paragraph 5, of the Convention, which is contained in the annex to decision 4/CP.7,
Financial performance, 2002-2003
He also noted with appreciation the financial and other assistance that had been made to the Programme by the Government of Austria, the Styrie and the city of Graz (Austria), the Department of Physical Geography of the University of Stockholm, Metia, the National Office of Geography and the Swedish International Cooperation Agency.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
However, a large number of people infected with the virus do not know.
This project focused on the UNICEF Steering Committee as well as secondary and secondary schools.
Recommends that the holding of a joint informal debate could enrich the work of each Committee; a better use could be made in the debate of the General Assembly in the plenary for matters considered by the two commissions;
This important work has been possible, inter alia, through the skilful and perseverance of the Committee, through its subcommittees and experts.
In cases of dissolution of the marriage after the use of the author, the woman is entitled to its maintenance during the time of the duration of the time limit, a compensation that is not exceeding a year of maintenance, according to the means of the former person, and who is paid to him by the end of the time limit, except otherwise agreed between the two parties on the amount and modalities of payment of such compensation.
The following table illustrates the evolution of the education budget during the school years 1993/94 to 1997/98:
Post-care facilities are supervised by the Ministry of Social Affairs and Employment, which regularly conducts inspections to verify that such facilities comply with the applicable regulations.
The State of Kuwait wishes to remind in this regard that its constitution, in many of its provisions, of equality of a State of Kuwait, first in the preamble, and in article 29, which covers various aspects of this principle by linking human dignity, rights and duties.
Effective management will also improve recruitment, logistics and budgetary activities at Headquarters.
National Coordinator of Marche Global against Child Labour, 1998
Adviser on the preparation of a programme on social justice, Department of Demographic Studies, University of Tribhuvan, 1999
Each State Party shall communicate to the Conference of the States Parties, as it requires, information on its programmes, plans and practices, and its legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
If the status quo fails to make any prospect, freedom and the development of those who are hungry and living in despair, the temptation of anarchy and extremism, as a means of achieving change, becomes more attractive.
Accordingly, the Conference decided to designate the Ambassador of Bulgaria, Mr. Tzyv, as President of the Annual Conference of States Parties to be held in 2003 and the representatives of South Africa, China and Switzerland, as Vice-Chairmen.
Declarations and reservations
Rapporteur: Ishaqq H. Andrabi (Pakistan)
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play an important role in the promotion and protection of human rights and that they should strengthen universal standards in respect of human rights, and contribute to their protection,
(c) In the case where a special debate would be decided, the topic should be addressed with human rights and take into account the annual themes of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
This situation should not be replicated.
(iii) OHCHR should develop a comprehensive and regular compilation of recommendations on the years by various mechanisms on thematic issues.
Contribution submitted under resolution 2002/91 and decision 2002/115.
They address the use of digital signatures and the role of certification authorities.
At its 3rd and 4th meetings, the Working Group considered agenda item 5 (d) (ii), (ii) and (iii) of the agenda, including proposals for the monitoring and promotion of all human rights, taking into account the need to work closely with international institutions and development institutions, as well as with the specialized agencies of the United Nations system, to promote human rights of people of African descent.
As at the centre of Mazaz in Iran, it was a technology centre for the development of human resources for the end of land and development on the land of rice.
Finally, Ms. Khan asked to the State party to conduct a national survey on health and to consider the conclusions in the next periodic report.
Consequently, the duty of protecting the world is also the world.
- A combination of the two sites through appropriate means (such as “traar or fash);
Some observers have made an additional increase in the demand for the United States dollar to control Iraq's oil wells.
It is essential to draw new guidance to the economic cooperation of the Arab countries by providing a growing role in development and economic choices.
The Foundation was able to collect approximately 3.5 million euros, which allowed the work on the site.
At present, four resident coordinators are members of UNICEF (on half of women) of women, including women.
If these conditions are met, the purposes and objectives approved at the special session will constitute a great step towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
In addition, the financial implications of an additional office in Brussels did not have been taken into account by ITC.
As indicated in paragraph 102 of the JIU report, the Secretariat has aligned the objectives set by the Organization in 1990 on gender parity.
(a) The nine regional offices should be strengthened by the transfer of technical posts at Headquarters.
At the same time, States members of the Sub-Commission are constantly and invariably taking the principle that combating terrorism must be based on the norms and principles of international law and cannot be construed as a fight against any religion, some countries or certain nationalities.
(continued)
The PRESIDENT drew attention to draft decision IDB.27/L.8, entitled “Demand consultative status submitted by a non-governmental organization”.
The meeting rose at 4.40 p.m.
The Security Council has thus concluded the present stage of its consideration of the item on its agenda.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 50/227 of General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council will have before it a note by the Secretary-General on the proposed themes for the high-level segment and the segment on coordination issues at its substantive session of 2004.
I have the honour to transmit to you the report of the Government of the Republic of Seychelles on the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) (see enclosure).
The Afghan people have put the decision to extend its mandate.
The draft resolutions under these agenda items reflect this determination and Thailand is proud to be a sponsor.
(g) To use, in accordance with the procedures set out by the Committee for the Programme of Iraq, the funds made by the Committee for the Programme of Iraq (a) and (b) of paragraph 8 of resolution 986 (1995), as appropriate, as appropriate and as appropriate, to address the additional costs of shipment, transport and storage of the goods, and the delay of the entry into account of the goods, transport and storage of the goods, in accordance with the provisions of subparagraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this paragraph, with a view to fulfilling the tasks assigned to it in subparagraph (d);
10 a.m. Closed meeting Conference Room A
The costs related to the work of the Working Group on the programme budget for the biennium 2002-2003, the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.57 would not have no impact on it.
Subprogramme 6 Advancement of women
At its 2nd plenary meeting, on 19 September 2003, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the Bureau, to include in the agenda of its fifty-eighth session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations” and to allocate to the Commission on Special Political Issues and Decolonization (Fourth Committee).
Noting that the vast majority of Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
In order to facilitate the substantive discussion at the Commission's session, the secretariat prepared a thematic note entitled “Policy action for strengthening SMEs' competitiveness” (TD/B/COM.3/58).
(a) The Presidents of the Bureau and the Credentials Committee and the chairpersons of the commissions, subcommittees and working groups may exercise the right to vote as representatives of participating States;
In general, meetings of the Bureau, subcommittees or working groups are private.
The Council has expressed its concern at the continuing economic factors of instability and requested the Secretary-General to report, as soon as possible, recommendations on ways to combat these subregional and cross-border problems, focusing on better coordination of United Nations efforts.
They also deplored the lack of political contacts between the parties and their request to normalize their relations through political dialogue, which was essential for the success of the peace process.
The Government is submitting for all draft laws.
It was hoped that it would be able to submit a report to the Commission at a future session, particularly the fact that the document in 1991 after the World Summit on Children and the outcome document of the special session of the United Nations General Assembly on children, held in 2002, specifically referred to the situation of children living under foreign occupation.
In accordance with the second Millennium Development Goal, the Government, in 1996, established free and compulsory education for all, which has significantly improved the school attendance rate.
In order to avoid such a incident, it is imperative for States parties to be present at the time of the meeting.
The Council emphasizes that the United Nations is ready to promote political dialogue if it is requested, and to provide firm support to meet humanitarian and development challenges caused by the demarcation of the border.
It may acquire or acquire real property or property in accordance with the Regulations and Rules.
The Meeting has three days, from 16 to 18 July 2003, to carry out its work.
According to these reports, the situation in the valley remained calm, without serious incidents, throughout the reporting period.
Observations
Quadrennial reports 1997-2008 submitted by the Secretary-General pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/31
Report submitted pursuant to Security Council resolution 1455 (2003)
States may know what are best suited, which will necessarily cover different aspects of the right to health, and then in the work of WHO and UNICEF in this area.
The Committee notes that prolonged detention of a person detained or detained may be treated as prohibited by article 7.
Paragraph 1 of article 10 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights applies to any private person of his liberty under laws and authority of the State and who are detained in prison, a hospital - a psychiatric hospital in particular — a detention camp, a rehabilitation centre or another place.
It is necessary to determine whether a unilateral declaration is a reservation or an interpretative declaration and determine its admissibility and its effects.
Thirty-eighth session (1990)*
(l) To continue their cooperation with the Committee to promote the effective implementation of the Convention;
(h) To raise awareness of the importance of programmes on the situation of victims of discrimination based on descent;
In some States of traditional and cultural practices that affect the health of women and children.
States parties should also report the measures adopted to ensure prompt access to family planning services in particular, and sexual and reproductive health in general.
Thus, for example, article I stress the importance of respect for parents, the need to consider rights in an ethical, moral, spiritual, cultural or social framework and that most of the rights of children, far from being imposed outside outside, are rooted in the values of local communities.
* Contained in document A/54/18, annex V.
The Commission will have before it the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting, the latest meetings, activities and recent outputs.
Agenda item 98
Recalling also the United Nations Millennium Declaration, adopted by heads of State and Government at the Millennium Summit, by which they committed to the elimination of poverty and, in particular, to halve, by 2015, the proportion of the world's population whose income is less than one dollar and the people who suffer from hunger,
In 2001, the Government limited to six years the duration of labour permits granted to foreign workers, to ensure that more than Bermudaians are recruited and trained for the best jobs.
The Government of the United Kingdom continued to advocate that legislators adopt European standards on human rights, particularly with regard to sexual discrimination.
In accordance with paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 56/119 of the Eleventh Congress, the Eleventh Congress will be preceded by consultations on all organizational matters before the opening of the Congress.
Representatives of the United Nations are invited to attend meetings of the General Assembly and the Executive Board of the World Tourism Organization and their subsidiary bodies and to participate, without vote, in the deliberations of these bodies.
Recalling that, in its resolution 57/171, it decided that the main theme of the Eleventh Congress would be “in Synergies and responses: strategic alliances for crime prevention and criminal justice”,
(f) Measures to combat computer-related crime;
Recalling further that, in its resolution 1987/34 of 26 May 1987, the Committee invited Governments of Latin American and Caribbean States and other interested Governments to participate in the national plan of action for combating illicit drug trafficking, Latin America and the Caribbean, and requested the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures and provide the necessary financial resources for the regional meeting to be convened,
(a) Partnerships are voluntary initiatives undertaken by Governments and various stakeholders: major groups and institutions;
49th plenary meeting 25 July 2003
Other matters.
Introducing the item, the representative of the secretariat drew attention to the documentation prepared in this regard (see annex VII) and indicated that the Committee could take action on the matter.
Decides to submit to the Conference of the Parties for consideration and possible action at its first meeting:
A alternate or a adviser may act as a representative of the head of the delegation.
Subject to articles 28 to 32 and the amendments agreed by the Conference of the Parties, the present rules shall apply mutatis mutandis to the deliberations of any subsidiary body.
The President or Rapporteur of a subsidiary body may benefit from a priority in explanation of the conclusions of this subsidiary body.
He indicated that its organization supported awareness-raising and capacity-building activities in Thailand, which had allowed the exchange of best practices on the management of the existing organic pollutants, which had resulted in the exchange of best practices on the management of the persistent organic pollutants, which had resulted in the exchange of best practices on the management of persistent organic pollutants, which had been held in Brazil, China and India, and other workshops were planned in 2003-2004.
To that end, the Monterrey document reiterates the importance of the principle of cooperation.
Some countries have been monitoring the characteristics of trafficking in persons through effective border control, using reliable estimation methods.
The report noted that comparative studies would be more complex in the study of the problem.
Material for inclusion in the Journal at room S-2370 (tel. 1 (212) 963-6776 and 963-3888; fax 1 (212) 963-4790; e-mail journal@un.org)
A preparatory mission consisting of IAEA and the Commission, including the Director-General of the IAEA and the Executive President of the Commission, visited Baghdad on 18 and 19 November 2002 to meet their Iraqi counterparts by Mr. Amer H. Al-Sadadi, Adviser to the Chairman, to discuss with the logistical arrangements and resettlement the office of the inspectors in Baghdad.
The website of Agenda 21 for Sport and the Environment is www.unep/org/cpi/sport_en (vis all types of sports activities).
The first experience with Guinea-Bissau and the recent establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Burundi shows that there are opportunities to strengthen the role of the Economic and Social Council and to bridge the gap between the assistance, long-term reconstruction and development.
The failure of Cancún in Doha, where the major countries between trade exchanges have refused to grant concessions on development issues.
Switzerland attaches an absolute priority to the preservation of humanitarian space, in all circumstances and without exception.
“The internal and external closures, the increase in curfews, incursions and other measures taken by the Israeli army have led to a new deterioration in economic indicators and increased poverty and unemployment among Palestinians.
It should be recalled here, individually and collective, parties to the Convention on compliance with its provisions in all situations.
(d) With the prior consent of the Advisory Committee, the requirements may be required to cover the payment of insurance premiums if the insurance period extended beyond the biennium during which payment is performed, the Secretary-General shall request the proposed budget for each biennium of the financial period, in order to cover the amounts owed under the biennium;
The various international human rights instruments are not sufficient to prevent violations, and must also take strict measures to address the problems of social and human rights that encourage, such as occupation, racial discrimination, injustice, displacement of populations and social inequality among peoples of developing countries and those of the developed countries.
The Acting President: Financing of the United Nations Preventive Deployment Mission and the United Nations Peace Force in Mozambique; Financing of the United Nations Mission of Observers in Liberia; Financing of the United Nations Mission of Support in Haiti, the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti and the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Interim Authority in Cambodia, the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti and the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti; Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia; and Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic.
Obviously, it remains vital that all of us continue to participate in the coming years.
Mr. Shloma (Belarus) (spoke in Russian): The issue of control becomes increasingly important at the regional level and at the international level, and an effective verification of an effective verification of international security and stability.
In accordance with the Convention, our country must destroy its stockpiles of mines by four years.
Our six countries, in addition to the ratification of the Treaty, have already been individually committed — and in more than one occasion — their opposition to nuclear weapons.
In its agreed conclusions 1998/1, the Economic and Social Council referred to the Guiding Principles and noted the decision of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee on these principles.
Of the amount of $270,000, 250 million are planned for the supply of the United Nations Institute for ICAO.
Possible modalities for reimbursement of reimbursement
Head of Liaison and Protocol Liaison Liaison Liaison Officer
Recalling General Assembly resolution 56/201 of 21 December 2001 on the triennial comprehensive review of operational activities for development of the United Nations system and resolution 2002/29 of 25 July 2002,
It is not important if the origin of funds is lawful or wrongful, only the act of collecting and its purpose.
The Bradley report indicated that all Council adopted to meet the needs of any of the options would be at least one year.
E.E.
“terrorist terrorism — a cause of an explosion or a search for a fire or to commit any other acts that are dangerous to the society, with a view to undermining the public order, the cause of a large loss of the population or to influence the adoption of decisions by public authorities or international organizations, or to threaten acts of such acts in the same way”.
Women remain mainly in low-paid and lower posts.
Draft decision II Suspension of consultative status
We therefore encourage States that have not yet done so to file their statements to the Secretary-General to make the universality of the Court.
Their self-help participation, together with their firm commitment and their diplomatic leadership, explains the success of the work of the Special Committee.
As a case for all treaties, the end of negotiations marks the real start of commitment.
See Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1), chap.
The Committee resumed its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 944.
Washington, 11 April 1949
The draft resolution, entitled “ Almaty Programme of Action: Partnerships designed to meet the special needs of landlocked developing countries and create a new global framework for transit transport cooperation between landlocked and transit developing countries”, was adopted by the Second Committee.
I am pleased to submit the draft resolution contained in document A/58/L.56.
He welcomed the European Union decision to establish an enhanced support for peace to support the establishment of the African Peace and Security Mechanism and the implementation of peace initiatives by the African Union.
The right to know the truth on past events is essential to prevent the same violations.
My Government is committed to the establishment of democracy in Myanmar.
The Security Council must be more representative to reflect the demographic and geopolitical realities and to gain credibility.
Outreach services
Statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Information at the opening of the twenty-fifth session of the Committee on 28 April 2003
We have managed to understand that the success or failure in any area, if any, would not mean the author or the loss of the United Nations.
I am pleased to inform you that the Department has already taken steps to meet the questions posed, such as the presentation by all United Nations information centres, indicating the activities that it planned for a strategic message selected.
In order to plan and carry out other budgetary changes, we have to review some of our priorities and we propose to redeploy the resources accordingly for the biennium 2004-2005.
UNCTAD had been working on some aspects of the negotiations and should contribute to their analytical work, training of consensus and technical cooperation.
These products had a low value of national value.
The commodity-dependent LDCs were faced with a particularly difficult challenge, since the prices of exports had decreased significantly.
Development strategies had been redefined to support poverty reduction and many donors included technical assistance related to trade and investment.
The representative of Denmark, speaking on behalf of the European Union (EU) and countries for accession to EU (Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia, as well as Cyprus, Malta and Turkey), said that coherence was important and that the participation in the sessions of the Council of Representatives of other institutions and organizations was positive.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships (UNIP) has helped the Task Force to develop partnerships and expand.
In order to strengthen its outreach capacity and facilitate contacts with national decision makers, the Special Group established a database on the web, which includes the coordinates of policymakers and ICT officials in Governments, the private sector and non-governmental organizations.
Requests the Secretary-General to seek the views of Member States on the question of promoting multilateralism in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to allocate, within the limited resources available, financial and administrative resources to the effective functioning of the inter-agency secretariat for the implementation of the Strategy;
Welcomes the efforts of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to fulfil its mandate and requests to continue to continue:
Documentation
Election of a representative representative to the Transitional Authority of the Afghan Transitional Authority following free and fair elections in accordance with the Bonn Agreement;
In addition, a guide for women in Senegal is published periodically, which deals with issues such as civil statement, marriage, food obligation, inheritance problems, reproductive health, violence against women, access to land ownership and credit, and even the right to work.
I now give the floor to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Ghana, His Excellency Mr. Nana Akufo-Addo.
Welcoming the establishment of the Global Fund to Fight AIDS, Tuberculosis and Malaria,
Consideration of the possibility of the United Nations to fulfil the function of the supervisory authority under the preliminary draft protocol;
Requests the ECOWAS forces and the French forces, in carrying out their mandate in accordance with resolution 1464 (2003), to continue working closely with the Special Representative and the Monitoring Committee and to continue to report periodically on all aspects of their respective mandates;
This letter was issued as a document of the Security Council, under the symbol S/2003/500.
In Lusaka for the Democratic Republic of the Congo is irreversible.
Secondly, it is essential to assist Africans in strengthening their capacity in peacekeeping operations.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
*** The document was submitted to the conference services, without the explanatory note required by the General Assembly in paragraph 8 of resolution 53/208 B, in case of late submission of a report to conference services.
The International Trade Companies Act (International Business Companies Act) of 2000, provides for the elimination of actions payable to the holder and, where these actions have already been issued, their statements and replacement of actions.
These services include the management or delivery of financial services to the Bahamas or the Bahamas, including the services of the United Nations system, and the provision of service services for persons registered and effective in international trade companies, the provision of service services for persons who are registered and effective under the law of the Companies-building Companies Act (the Proceeds Act Act) and the provision of service services and services authorized under the Companies Act of the Companies Act of the Act of the Companies Act.
In addition, administrative and legislative agreements allow some persons on a list of national exclusion.
Participation in this workshop was beneficial.
For example, the Section provided advice on rules to comply with the projects carried out by national entities, based on the experience gained by UNDP in this area.
In 17 offices, the control of field presences and appeals was not carried out.
The return of information is also made to the offices of the United Nations regular project planning.
In this regard, Governments were encouraged to request their enforcement agents to use the same mode of presentation of information in order to simplify and facilitate the preparation of reports on the basis of the mandates.
See CCPR/C/79/Add.54, 78 and 109.
The number of staff could be reduced in the next quarter.
Letters dated 20 and 23 December 1991 from the United States of America, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (S/2007306, S/23307, S/23308, S/23309 and S/23317)
The information that organizations should obtain and strive to verify, inter alia, the following accounting results for the five years of previous years; internal judicial problems and present identity identity.
Also affirms that the Organization is firmly committed to addressing a fair, geographical basis, as possible, all bidders, whether procurement or outsourcing;
Mr. Negroponte (United States of America): First, I thank Assistant Secretary-General Türk for his briefing on the status of the political process and the work of the United Nations Political Office in Bougainville.
Montserrat, since 1998, in a phase of recovery and reconstruction, has been difficult to deal with a growing emergency situation while facilitating the development process.
These funds have provided funding for environmental projects, training and health, and programmes in the legal and legislative fields.
With regard to the currency currency, there was a need to inform the suppliers of the benefits that would be used by the official system in relation to other areas of security and speed of transfers.
• Implementation of the fair and expeditious judgement of political prisoners;
With regard to the issue of reports with the administration, the Federation met many difficulties due to the lack of clear human rights and people with knowledge and skills to approve projects.
With regard to the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, the increased participation of the United Nations specialized agencies in the functioning of the system is considered by Member States as a positive measure.
Because of armed conflict and civil unrest in neighbouring countries, the United Republic of Tanzania has remained in the past few years, one of the African countries that hosts more refugees in its territory.
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take the necessary arrangements to ensure translation, in the Somali language, of the present resolution, accompanied by an appropriate information note, as well as a wide dissemination of the text in the country, through the Human Rights Officer for Somalia in Nairobi;
Early warning systems
Many Governments have launched special programmes for risk groups, particularly drug abusers, with a view to reducing the risk of transmission of infectious diseases such as human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS).
The agenda of the forty-third session adopted by the Committee at its 1st meeting is contained in annex I.
Discussion
It was suggested that the Office of the High Commissioner should ensure that non-nuclear-weapon States continue to receive documents under an appropriate form.
The addition of the phrase “Support to support new partnerships”, in paragraph 7.21 (e), was challenged as the Second Committee had not yet reached consensus on the issue.
Some members suggested that the publication should be published rather than distributed free.
The consultations undertaken by the Council with the member countries of the New Partnership and ECA had been welcomed.
A/58/6 (Sect.
Investigations on the cause of damage may also be long, particularly in countries where the border security authorities and/or the courts themselves have conducted an investigation on the pardon and take some time to publish their findings.
In the context of the draft Law Act No. 1015 entitled “On the Prevention and Punishment of Unlawful Acts”, it is envisaged that, although article 11 (n) of the current text is “other natural or legal persons who usually operate in the area of financial intermediation, trade in jewellery, small metals and precious metals, art.
It is important for the Commission to do its attention.
It is also important to reaffirm its conviction of the importance of civil society participation as a strategic partner in the work of the United Nations bodies.
In order to improve the conditions in which women are exercising their professional and family responsibilities and in accordance with article 265 of the Labour Code, mothers who raise three children or more than 16 years of age, or two children and more than women living alone, receive additional leave by week, paid according to the average monthly salary.
The link between reproductive rights and family law is clear: motherhood and paternity are the direct consequence of the enjoyment of the rights of citizens.
The adoption of new codes of marriage and family, and work was the most important in the development of legislation.
The promotion of investment and technology technology activities focused on promoting partnerships and substantive linkages (such as technology transfer, outsourcing, marketing and other forms of strategic agreements) between foreign enterprises and national enterprises.
In this regard, the programme for cleaner production has already begun to cooperate with UNIDO services to increase energy efficiency, with a view to training of staff assigned to PNPP and PNPP and the identification, development and implementation of technical cooperation projects to be submitted to the Kyoto Protocol and the GEF.
However, it is ready to provide the Commission any additional information that it might wish.
Nine seats for Western European and other States
It reviews the results achieved in the areas of development and organization, with particular emphasis on the linkages between assessments, knowledge acquisition, decision-making and partnerships.
SADC plans to introduce the concept of disarmament, demobilization, reintegration and development and to convene a regional workshop on this issue.
Resource requirements (before recosting): $2,696,600
Demands that the Liberian parties cease hostilities on all Liberian territory and honour their obligations under the Comprehensive Peace Agreement and the ceasefire agreement, including to work on the training of the Joint Monitoring Commission established by the ceasefire agreement;
Invites donor countries and recipient countries to consider, in their programmes and bilateral programmes for training of armed forces, security forces, prison personnel, police and medical personnel, questions relating to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture, without neglecting their gender dimension;
The Study Group held a written exchange of views based on the report of the 2002 Study Group (A/57/10, paras. 489 to 513); and the thematic summary, prepared by the Secretariat, the discussion by the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session (A/CN.4/529, sect.
Resource resources
• The overall management of the decision-making process and the activities of the Office of the Prosecutor under the relevant provisions of the legal infrastructure of the Court and the rules of the Office of the Prosecutor
Other resources
The main objective of the Human Resources Section is to allow the Court to attract and recruit highly qualified persons in order to provide a more efficient and qualitative staff for the creation of career opportunities and training opportunities, through effective management of their benefits and their rights and to establish a system that ensures that all staff members are physically physically psychological, psychological and emotional.
• All equipment and individual articles are subject to receipt and inspection prior to their admission to the Court
• Development of new modules for the Intranet
The Hague and on the ground
Three interpreters in French, English, Spanish and Russian and four language language in Chinese and Arabic.
Each State Party shall also consider adopting appropriate legislative and administrative measures, consistent with the objectives of the present Convention and in accordance with the fundamental principles of its domestic law, in order to increase transparency in the financing of candidates for a formal, executive and, where appropriate, financing of political parties.
(a) The public dissemination of information on procurement procedures and markets, including information on tenders and relevant information on the allocation of markets, sufficient time to be given to potential bidders to establish and submit their tenders;
(b) States Parties may invoke the absence of dual criminality to refuse assistance in accordance with this article.
(c) The special needs of Africa: consolidation of democracy, sustainable peace, eradication of poverty and sustainable development.
The case of Burkina Faso, a very poor developing country, more than others of the same category, is presented in the following box; there is evidence how the country is working with the assistance of the United Nations system to involve various initiatives to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
While welcoming the recent adoption of initiatives such as “everything except weapons”, the Group of 77 looked forward to studying with its development partners how to encourage such policies as a direct contribution to the improvement of living conditions in the countries of Africa, that the international community must provide full support if it was to reach the goal of halving poverty in the Millennium Declaration.
Three basic aspects of the information and communication technology strategy:
For the time, we must take the necessary measures to prevent the situation of increasing and to ensure that our President does not do so.
(e) To ensure the maintenance and strengthening of international cooperation and support to the Tribunal by external partners such as Governments and non-State entities;
It is also necessary to make the necessary time necessary for trial arguments (e.g. in the course of two to five days, depending on the number of accused).
The practice of simultaneous trials is to judge two cases during periods, such as the following formula: trial A five weeks, trial B five weeks, trial A five weeks, etc.
Members of the Board of Directors of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) welcomed the study, which they believe that it was a good and useful framework for revision, re-evaluating and adjusting existing policies on the costs of support for extrabudgetary activities of the United Nations system.
In accordance with the resolution, since 1994, the Special Rapporteur submitted 10 major reports to the Commission on Human Rights and 8 reports of activities to the General Assembly, which, in addition to 18 addenda submitted to the Commission or to the Assembly.
In addition, he would like to note that the need for the freedom of the press, attracting the attention of Egyptian authorities to the need to combat religious hatred, which constitutes incitement to discrimination, hostility or violence, and that it must be prohibited by law.
In accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 2001/41 of 23 April 2001, the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights organized an expert seminar to consider the interdependence of democracy and human rights on 25 and 26 November 2002 in Geneva.
Group
At the same time, during the past 10 years, institutions, initiatives and European legislation are all in the sense of inclusion, recognizing that the protection of minority rights was an integral part of all democratic developments.
As noted in Guyana on the collective system for peace and security, it is to ensure that the new Council of reform can reasonably protect its sovereignty and territorial integrity, which is most important.
We must therefore establish global institutions and create effective partnerships within a fair and open trade framework, and should also strengthen the support for the development of least developed countries.
A regional strategy was also developed to facilitate response to HIV/AIDS interventions.
Mr. Pavanjeet Singh Sandhu (India)
(d) Encourages, where relevant States agree, the adoption of a cross-border perspective for the sustainable development of mountain chains, as well as the exchange of information in this regard;
(a) Encourages the United Nations system to intensify its efforts to strengthen inter-agency collaboration with a view to implementing more effective implementation of chapter 13 of Agenda 21 and paragraph 42 of the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation;
(i) To monitor closely the functioning of the global support project for national communications, in particular its effectiveness and efficiency, and continue to ensure that the implementation of the project is consistent with the guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties;
16.17 The issue of publications in the programme of work was reviewed.
[on the report of the Second Committee (A/58/481/Add.1)]
As the Statistical Commission requested its thirty-fourth session,** the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit the report of the London Group on Environmental Accounting.
(a) To coordinate the activities of the London Group, including the organization of its meetings and the preparation of the records of its work;
Thirdly, the activities of the Department of Public Information should be intensified.
In addition to increasing the volume of the Russian language on the United Nations web site, the number of visitors in Russian-speaking visitors has increased.
At the 4th meeting, the President also invited representatives of UNEP and UNDP to make statements.
At its 7th meeting, on 29 October, after having considered a proposal by the President, the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on administrative and financial matters, on the sub-items (a), (b) and (c) for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its eighth session.
Notes
The oil and salt of women are among the most important chemicals and metal metal deposits (i.g. zinc and Lead) are very large.
From 1990 to 2002, Poland reformed its public service.
(h) Cooperate with NGOs and civil society organizations to promote the protection of human rights and freedoms.
A Polish citizen cannot lose its citizenship, except if it does not stop.
Under article 41, paragraph 1, the deprivation of liberty or an obstacle to freedom is admissible only in accordance with the principles and modalities provided by law.
The issue of Northazzzani and Hasbani continues to be a source of tension and further escalation between Israel and Lebanon.
Even if posts are frozen, they will continue to include the staffing table approved (see table 1).
Detailed information on the activities required for additional funds are presented in document FCCC/SBI/2003/15/Add.1.
Additional adjustments have been made due to variations in exchange rates between the United States dollar, currency in which United Nations accounts are registered, and the euro, currency of the host country.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget, as presented in table xx below;
Takes note of the Fund for Peace: a peaceful settlement of territorial disputes established by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States in the Caribbean, held in Mexico City of 6 to 8 May 2002, which aims to facilitate, mainly through technical assistance, voluntary participation in negotiations on maritime boundaries between the Caribbean States, and calls upon States and other entities to make contributions to those funds;
Also takes note of the regional ocean economic policy of the Pacific Islands approved at the thirty-third meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum, held at Suva from 15 to 17 August 2002;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.11 without a vote (see para.
He noted with interest that financial resources from bilateral donors were increasing, and noted the initiative of the United Nations system to improve consistency in their technical cooperation activities.
Some children, as well as the rebels, have abducted or suspected to join their ranks, were sent to death on the front hand.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Recognizing the responsibility of the international community to uphold human rights and to respect international law,
Mr. Pecenenen Byramwerve supports therefore the proposal for the review of the question for two years, on the understanding that the vote of the motion does not imply a position for or against the two draft resolutions; it is simply to recognize the need for the consensus on consensus.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
(d) Raising awareness of public officials and public opinion in the importance of space applications as a means of promoting economic and social development;
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to contribute to the strengthening of economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The non-expendable property referred to in note 11 to the financial statements were property of the organization at 31 December 2002 as a result of no burden.
In a memorandum of 5 February 2003, the Office considered that the “special clause” was not valid, in the extent that it was included in the contract at the time of recruitment, without which the person had been appointed by UNHCR.
(b) The Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteurs and the joint mission with the necessary assistance to enable them to fulfil their mandate fully;
Despite the improvement of the situation of indigenous peoples in the political discourse on the 1980s, indigenous peoples bear to the Bank to fail to do so to implement and respect these policies, which are often interpreted as a mere way.
CFAF Secretariat 35-37 Sackville St.
Almost all countries have a chemical sector, but nearly 80 per cent of global production is the result of 16 countries, which are the vast majority of OECD members.
Resolution
In this regard, it was reported that, in its resolution 1373 (2001), the Security Council had clearly stated that the claim for political motivation should not be considered as justification for the rejection of requests for extradition of alleged terrorists.
The documents of the technical meetings and seminars at the request of the Assembly will also be submitted to the Committee.
Under agenda item 117:
Brazil
Guatemala
(b) To formulate comments on the future guidance of the Partnership and the programme of office for the period 2004-2006.
The SBI decided to transmit the draft decision contained in document FCCC/SBI/2003/L.3/Add.1 to the Conference of the Parties for adoption at its ninth session.
The Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of this post;
The increase in the requirements of the United Nations Office for Internal Oversight Services and the Office of the United Nations Office at Geneva, which is set out in accordance with paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 57/312 of the United Nations Office at Geneva, and the additional requirements for furniture and equipment to replace furniture for the use of such equipment, as well as the additional requirements for furniture and equipment to replace furniture of the use of such equipment, as well as for the purchase of furniture and equipment for new staff members of the United Nations Office at Geneva and the Office of the United Nations Office at Geneva.
It is a non-cutting service in which the definition of definition and use is also important for most of the environmental goods.
In designing, they respond to a specific intent and is intended for environmental purposes: for example, a recycling station will remain an early recycling station if the technique used are profoundly modified.
In respect of intellectual property rights, paragraph 2 of article 66 and article 67 of the Agreement on the Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (ADIPS) which affect trade (ADIPS), the developed members of the WTO provide incentives to transfer technology.
Several recommendations presented at the meeting were to be undertaken at the national level:
The increase in the costs and overexpenditures of the staff category are due to the revision of the approved adjustment rates for staff members of the Professional staff and a reduction in the number of staff members appointed at the lower level of office and a reduction in the number of staff appointed at the lower level, as well as an increase in the requirements for the termination of the Mission's drawdown.
(a) A new subparagraph read as follows:
Description of the methods used to identify major sources of reference to the main sources of the CRF on the level of detail in the Department of Public Information on the degree of tables 7A to 7A to 73
The Parties included in Annex I should meet all cases for the estimation of amounts or removals, data data and emission factors.
Italy is one of the most serious countries affected by the ageing of the population.
Thus, the topic relates to the primary obligations of the State and that the existence and conciliation of “ legitimate interests and multiple factors”.
It also deserves the need for an obstacle to judicial action for other reasons.
Another cause of collective action is the rule of the public mandate, which is more effective to the United States.
Introduction
We fully support efforts to streamline the activities of the General Assembly and are willing to assist other delegations, as well as ours to assume the heavy burden of holding the remaining meetings.
A number of resolutions have been adopted by the General Assembly since the beginning of the 1990s, in which significant measures to revitalize the General Assembly and the draft resolution have just adopted.
The procedures differ because the needs are not the same.
They are accompanied by pressure, which is to compel them to accept amendments or changes that would limit or limit the rights of indigenous peoples recognized in international law.
Stresses the importance of facilitating the accession of all developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, as well as countries with economies in transition, requesting a part of the World Trade Organization in the spirit of paragraph 21 of resolution 55/182 and subsequent developments;
Contents
For members who have exercised their functions during the duration of a nine-year term of office, the annual pension is:
Commission for Social Development
Four individual claims were found that they could overlap four claims “E4” claims reported for new or more important losses, with regard to the claims made by the “E4” claimant.
UNSEQ number: E-2444
Agenda item 5 (c)
Several representatives of Governments said that, in order to attract direct investment, these institutions must increase their support for infrastructure development, including in the telecommunications sector.
The development of development is also increasing by the abolition of the external debt burden of developing countries, capacity-building and increased resources, as well as the increase in the participation of those countries in decision-making in international forums.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs
On 15 August, a temporary crossing point of the border was opened between the entry into Kosovo and Stzimir in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia for the former of the local residents.
The free movement of minorities has also been hampered by the decision of the Government of Serbia to sign an agreement on the use in Serbia of Kosovo plates and their appeals to deter Kosovo Serbs from UNMIK to register their vehicle.
Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General (E/CN.4/2003/72);
I take this opportunity to thank Member States and relevant United Nations bodies for their support and assistance.
My country also welcomes the adoption of the International Code of Conduct against Ballistic Missile Proliferation, and we believe that this is a first step in guiding the establishment of a legal norm in this area.
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
Sub-Saharan Africa
It will also be possible to link from this site at global sites and the ECLAC website on the follow-up to regional conferences and summits, which will be launched at the time of June 2003, in the event of the fourth regional meeting of the United Nations inter-agency Technical Coordination Meeting.
The oil price has already already been a “war bonus” of approximately 5 million in the last few months of 2002 and exceeded 31 per barrel in January 2003.
They will take every first step at the initial structural adjustment by accession to UEM in order to meet the level of reference defined for budgetary deficits; given their departure position, it would therefore be necessary to apply in this period a rigorous fiscal review, which would have a negative impact for economic growth.
A. Ahenar et al., op.
Under article 5 of the Law on Internal Self-Government, the power to conduct foreign policy is a constitutional prerogative of the Government of Denmark and no part of this prerogative may be transferred to the autonomous administration of the Faroe Islands.
As a result, significant financial assistance is provided for the costs of exploitation of ethnic minorities, intercultural activities and information documents, as well as various types of local integration projects.
The Commission's social Charter in 1989 provides the right to use collective action in a conflict of interest, particularly the right to strike, subject to the obligation to comply with national regulations and collective agreements.
In addition, the person concerned must work at least 20 days during each quarter.
The high proportion of rumours in the population is mainly responsible for the relatively high rate of mortality and a negative impact on life expectancy.
In close collaboration with Governments, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, the Special Representative played an important role in advocacy and facilitated campaigns leading to new instruments and new standards for the protection of children, as follows:
These organizations have played a leading role in the development and implementation of the programme.
• Inter-European Union (EU) Agreement: the European Union Agreement signed in Cotonou, Benin, in 2000, took into account the various elements proposed by the Special Representative in the EU EU Joint Assembly on March 1999.
The presence of the United Nations, where in the world, has always been seen as a symbol and guarantee universal human values.
The second, on the role of civil society in the prevention of armed conflict, has attracted a broad audience, including in non-governmental organizations.
Agenda items 136 to 141, 144-146, 148 and 150
It also continued its efforts to raise awareness of women's rights in all its activities and mechanisms for protection of human rights, including through the adoption of a gender-based approach to gender equality.
The Commission on Human Rights, the Secretary-General or the High Commissioner for Human Rights established commissions or inquiry teams.
Recommendations on grants grants
In accordance with the provisions applicable to consultations with non-governmental organizations in general and special consultative status with the Council, the latter approved in its resolution 1996/31, organizations with consultative status should submit all four years a report on their activities, including the support of the United Nations.
In accordance with the recommendations of ACABQ (see A/C.5/57/SR.20), UNFIP undertook in 2002 a series of activities that are part of a comprehensive, systematic and long-term analysis of its programmes and projects aimed at rationalizing its activities, better targeting and more effective.
Women's focal points were appointed in each ministry and the Ministry of Women's Affairs strengthens their capacity to implement national gender policy.
Recalling its resolution 57/134 of 11 December 2002,
SMEs represented a characteristic of the economy's economy, and often the major firms in developing countries in a global scale.
In the area of statistics, data collection, as well as work on an assessment of social impacts and impact on development of services.
Assistance was particularly important that African countries continue to negotiate parallel negotiations with the European Union to conclude economic partnership agreements.
E/2003/L.11/Rev.1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments (continued)
Conclusions of the technical authentication work carried out in this regard
In order to combat the threat of international terrorism, the Government of Indonesia continues to take the necessary and appropriate measures to strengthen the institutional and institutional capacities in this area.
Action by States

The Australian citizenship certificate is not a identity document.
Calls upon all States, in particular nuclear-weapon States, to work actively in the early conclusion of an agreement on a common approach, in particular on a common formula that could be included in a legally binding instrument;
The provisions of paragraph 2 of the draft resolution relate to sub-item 3 (Sustainable development and codification of international law) of programme 5 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005, and (b) in sections 8 (Legal affairs) and 2 (General Assembly and Conference Service) of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
65 Report of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, Johannesburg, South Africa, 26 August-4 September 2002 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.03.II.A.1 and corrigendum), chap. I, resolution 2, annex.
The representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) participated in the session.
Question 7.
In order to distinguish between the two types of cloning, it is intended to try to conceal the fact that a human life is created for the destruction in order to produce embryonic cells or other experiences.
There is a need for discussion, and it seems that the divergent differences will continue, no opinion should be imposed on all others.
The development of transport and communication infrastructure and communication and communication technologies, including the elimination of “the missing link”, would improve transit transport and enable landlocked countries to provide transit transport services to their neighbours.
Mr. De Rivero (Peru) (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Permanent Representative of the United States and President of the Security Council for this month to introduce the annual report of the Council covering the period from 1 August 2002 to 31 July 2003 (A/58/2).
Update the United Nations System of Action on the United Nations System of Action to Combat Drug Abuse (even years)
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Global Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons (A/C.3/58/L.8/Rev.1, para.
Expresses its deep concern at the tragic situation of internally displaced persons in Africa, calls upon States to take concrete measures to prevent the movement of population and provide assistance and protection to internally displaced persons, in view of the Guiding Principles on internally displaced persons, and urges the international community, through the leadership of the relevant United Nations agencies, to contribute generously to national programmes and programmes to alleviate the plight of those persons;
Recalling its resolution 57/304 of 15 April 2003,
Globalization must make benefits to all.
Most recently, in February 2003, two primary geological surveillance stations, at sea-Bonnet (PS 858) and Steterville (PS1), had been officially approved by the Provisional Technical Secretariat; the construction of a radionlides station (RN16) was completed in March 2003.
He also welcomed the establishment of a general command and transparency post that has led to the recent appointments of senior positions.
Also at the 61st meeting, the representative of the United States of America orally proposed an amendment to the draft resolution by which paragraph 6 (g) would read as follows:
It is clear that, in the context of a growing globalization, measures taken by a Government often have a negative impact on the right to food of another country (e.g. in the context of trade in agricultural products).
Under article 507, the members of the groups referred to in article 499, which cooperate with the judicial authorities to identify criminals or to update their criminal intentions will benefit from forgiveness.
At the longer term, a legal framework for a flexible and efficient legal framework could be a useful instrument to accelerate economic growth.
Decision by the Special Committee on 21 June 2001 concerning Puerto Rico
We particularly welcome your efforts to preserve the aspirations of the peoples of those Territories, whose majority is in the Caribbean and the Pacific, in their quest for independence.
I wish to consider the Committee as a friend, who wish to work with you and to you, for the realization of the rights that are unquestionable.
The General Assembly,
Welcomes the first cooperation framework approved by the United Nations Development Programme for the period 1998-2002, which should, inter alia, facilitate the development of a national development plan, which will establish procedures for the establishment of national development priorities on 10 years, focusing on health, population, education, tourism and economic and social development;
In this Ministry, a State Secretariat has been responsible for the promotion of women and women's participation in development, reflecting the commitment of the Government to pay specific attention to women's issues, in the Congo, all of the Governments of the State participating in the meetings of the Council of Ministers.
Ethiopia would like to thank the Group of Dadrilanr and other countries for the efforts of LDCs in the area of access to markets, which was supposed to create competitive advantage and encourage investment in the sectors covered by the programme.
However, it is expected that the Organization concluded the year year on a positive cash balance (estimated to 44 million) under the regular budget, which would be expected to meet the estimates.
Bigig
Peacekeeping
We have provided food, tents, hedts, medicines and medical equipment.
Natural disasters, particularly floods, also contribute to the deterioration of habitats and impoverishing resources in East Asia.
As part of its daily activities, women are the main protection of forest species and is therefore dependent on the future productivity of forests.
National and regional markets, including trade cooperation between developing countries, should not be overlooked.
The Government of Slovenia has established an interdepartmental working group on the implementation of restrictive measures and follow-up to counter-terrorism activities.
At the end of the year, 43 countries had ratified the Optional Protocol on children in armed conflict.
Report submitted by Sweden
- Financing of terrorism (art.
Ms. Otiti (Uganda) said that his delegation had been excluded from the sponsors because of a technical error.
(b) A certified copy of the memorandum and articles of the association of society;
Subject to other priorities and available resources, the Government of Belarus intends to make progress in this process during a few months.
Fifty-eighth session
According to a view, the basic criterion for establishing a balance between the interests of buyers and the creditors of secured creditors was the concept of “public procurement”.
The Working Group of the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget will be seized each year of a thorough study on a technical cooperation programme.
The cotton problem was crucial, and the difficulties faced by African producers should be viewed as well as economic well-being.
The Barbados Programme of Action launched by the Commonwealth of Independent States to curb HIV/AIDS in Eastern Europe and Central Asia to achieve the goals set out in the Declaration of Commitment through a large-scale national, financial and tactical support of UNAIDS and through collaboration with the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Recognizes that all parents, which are better placed in this endeavour, is the duty to guide children, to raise a healthy environment, to instil the sense of the right, integrity, responsibility, responsibility, compassion and service for others, to contribute to the strengthening of families, communities and nations throughout the world;
Most of the Muslim countries in the Middle East, in the Indian subregion, in South-East Asia and in some regions of Africa.
27 October 2003, 2003
However, in cases where sanctions imposed in force during a long period of time, as in the case of the sanctions regime against Al-Qaida and the Taliban, universal rules relating to the preparation of reports can not be effective.
The Government of East Timor is currently reviewing projects aimed at improving the capacity of East Timor in both areas, in addition to its ability to address civil unrest.
Furthermore, the Government is exploring ways to strengthen the capacity of the national police to address the threats of criminal and armed groups in the countryside and the tactical coordination line.
The Working Group of the Whole agreed that all Member States should be invited to consider whether they wished to participate in the work of this new team and to provide to the Office of Outer Space Affairs coordinated by the focal point of the focal point.
The Lithuanian Criminal Law in a certain measure of the behaviour described in this article, but the penalties for which it must be changed.
Indeed, both in urban and rural areas, illiteracy among women is accompanied by poverty and the ongoing work, with dependency and insecurity.
Table 12.5
A number of African countries have taken steps to encourage foreign direct investment to countries of Africa.
The Group currently comprises seven persons.
The members of the Committee have discussed the issue without a agreement on the causes of the problem or to address them.
They supported the military activities of the United States on their territory, since they do not forget their own history; they know that the vulnerability of the United States and the protection and protection of their human resources.
Guam Economic Review, Economic Research Center, Ministry of Trade of Guam, October-December 2001, www.admin.gov.int/business.
Implementation of the safeguards of the International Atomic Energy Agency in the Middle East
(Signed) Mohammad A. Aldouri Ambassador Permanent Representative of the Arab Group
With regard to funding, improving the situation in 2002-2003 with respect to income and expenditure and the implementation of the evaluation policy also provides good opportunities for the financial and budgetary plan of UNICEF.
General
The table IV shows the changes that it is proposed for the number of posts funded under the support budget for each of the main components of each appropriation line.
The summary table V provides the comparison between the total number of posts of each administrative unit for the current biennium and for the biennium.
Table 7
It summarizes the progress made by the Central American countries on peace, freedom, democracy and economic development since the issuance, in September 2002, from my last report (A/57/384 and Add.1).
23 and 24 May, the Rio Group held its seventeenth Summit to Cuzco (Peru) on 19 members of the Group adopted the Cuzco Consensus, a strategic programme of action aimed at overcoming poverty and social exclusion and addressing issues of democratic governance, cultural identity and foreign relations as well as the promotion of an open and equitable international trading system.
The enormous efforts of the reconstruction of the region continue with the assistance of the international community.
Panels and monitoring mechanisms and reports
21 and 29 August; 6, 4, 6, 9 and 28 October; 6, 7, 13, 19, 22 and 25 November; 3, 7, 6, 9, 19 and 28 October; 6, 7, 13, 19, and 25 November; 3, 7, 9, 16, 16, 22 and 28 January; 8, 9, 7, 13, 10, 10, 14, 14, 16, 22 and 28 April; 8, 9, 12, 14, 19, 20 and 21 May; 5, 9, 11, 13, 16, 19 and 24, 19, 20 and 21 May; 5, 9, 11, 13, 16, 19 and 24 to 26 June; 2, 10, 11, 17 and 30 July 2003
UNMOVIC also had contacts with many Governments in the field of export control, particularly with regard to finding concrete solutions to issues such as the definition of dual-use equipment and the search for appropriate balance between the objectives of non-proliferation and legitimate trade.
According to the Secretary-General, such information is based on recent recently updated study of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination (CEB) on the preparation of the budget in the United Nations system.
Of the 23 partnerships for sustainable development identified by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat in the field of energy, 12 are fully committed and mainly for renewable energy sources.
Nuclear non-proliferation and the peaceful uses of the gold can go hand in hand as well as mutual transparency and confidence.
In this sense, the experience of developed democracies is very valuable.
Without the exception of those persons, I take this opportunity to refer to the memory of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, and I reiterate the deepest condolences of the Bulgarian people to their families.
We will be able to speak when these attacks will take place, because they do not lead to the entire nation.
The Government identified some 30,000 people affiliated with organizations who were responsible for terrorism because of the nature of their actions.
I wish you every success in your work.
In accordance with paragraph 3 (c) of the modalities and procedures, the Conference of the Parties shall decide on the designation of operational entities that have been accredited and designated as a provisional subject to the Council.
It is only through their determination and dedication, with the assistance of the secretariat, to carry out the heavy and difficult tasks they have been entrusted.
Review process
Statistical study, No. 80 (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its forty-third session
At its twenty-ninth and thirtieth sessions, held in November 2002 and April/May 2003, the Committee considered 12 reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention.
I would now like to repeat the names of both countries among Asian States wishing to submit a candidate: Japan and Pakistan.
Achievements in the economic and political spheres determine the present and future of our State.
It was in the interest of both developed countries and developing countries to develop a sound and equitable multilateral trading system.
International agreements should not limit the capacity of Governments to regulate, including in the economic, social, environmental and administrative fields, and issues relating to the preservation of national autonomy were the most important for the economy of the Group of Experts.
FDI could play a fundamental role in economic growth and development of host countries.
States
In the essence, the delegation of Poland endorses all suggestions of the Special Rapporteur, subject to clarification.
Recommendation 4
In particular, it was noted that this sector, which is outside the State's control systems and any tax, has been a major factor in the economy of many developing countries in all regions.
C. Non-governmental organizations
The joint programme would enable States to agree more comprehensively on the prospects and risks of a global society and would be used to implement the core proposals by the Secretary-General on science and technology at the Millennium Summit (September 2000), the Declaration of the Group of Eight July 2000 and the Dubai Declaration of the Group of 77 for the promotion of science and technology in the South (October 2002).
In detail, it is necessary to clarify how the high-level dialogue of the General Assembly on strengthening international cooperation for development will focus on implementing the Monterrey Consensus.
In one of the chains, new tanks have used this guide and, although the other stations were not follow up on their example, a standardization of the motion was still possible.
They took note of the convening of 16 to 20 September 2002 in Geneva from the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties to the Convention.
They strongly supported unilateral, bilateral and multilateral measures that some Governments had adopted to reduce military expenditures, thereby contributing to the strengthening of regional and international peace and security.
Vocational training and employment creation must enable cities to maximize the potential of young people.
Introduction
Letter dated 14 November 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council
I thank you.
Main Committees
14-15 p.m. Closed meeting Economic and Social Council Chamber
United Nations Children's Fund
The Special Rapporteur on the right to food made an introductory statement.
Even if the Middle East region is a particularly sensitive area in view of the various challenges and the presence of weapons of mass destruction, Venezuela believes that the international community is a priority to the realization of this goal, within the framework of the United Nations, in order to move a decisive step towards the establishment of peace in that region.
It is also important to note that better understanding of the issue of the composition of the office will facilitate the strengthening of the agreement on the interpretation of the rules governing the composition of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies.
The New York Office of UNCTAD will hold a briefing on its new technical cooperation programme, on Friday, 17 October 2003, from 1.30 to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
S/2003/983 Identical letters dated 7 October 2003 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly and the President of the Security Council [A C E F R S]
Under the sanctions regime [para. 4 (b) established by the Secretary-General of the Security Council, and by 1 January and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002), the Member States are obliged to freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or the economic resources of persons or entities, including the funds of persons belonging to such persons or entities or controlled or controlled, directly or indirectly by them, their respective agents or holder, and to ensure that their nationals and persons on their territory may not make such funds, assets or resources directly or indirectly to the provision of individuals or entities referred to above.
Virtually all federal law enforcement agencies have contributed to the provision of basic and advanced training in all areas of financial crime.
Network for the Control and Punishment of Financial Crimes (FTAN)
In addition, the Minister of Industry and Trade is empowered, under article 7 of the Companies Act, to exercise control on the objectives, sources of funding and non-profit organizations.
The members of the mission emphasized that they were not negotiating to serve as mediator, and to intervene in the peace talks in Liberia, including immediate and unconditional access to humanitarian organizations to enable them to provide food and medicines; full respect for human rights, including the end of the recruitment of child soldiers and the holding of investigations on human rights violations.
(d) Report of the Working Group on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget on its fortieth session (13-17 January 2003).
The liability regime was not implemented in a general manner and the provisions of different conventions on liability and relations between them were difficult to understand.
The Advisory Body of Experts on the Law of the Sea discussed the following issues at its meetings: (1) draft criteria and guidelines of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission on the Law of the Sea, on the projects of science and research carried out by international organizations or in the work of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, on the projects of science and research carried out by international organizations or in their auspices; and (3) responses to the revised version of the IOC Convention on the practices of States in the field of science and technology, and the transfer of marine technology.
The report on the fourth meeting is contained in document A/58/95.
Following that conference and the adoption of the Almaty Programme of Action, the special needs of landlocked developing countries are now at the heart of the concerns of the international community on development.
He hoped that the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries and the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States will follow the same framework of review, and that the General Assembly would request the Secretary-General to submit a annual report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action.
After a civil war that has been ravaged by the national economy, Burundi cannot be able to carry out the family and external areas of procedure to combat poverty without support from the international community.
This has a negative effect on the privatization process.
(b) To continue to communicate to the Secretary-General, for time, to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session, their views and suggestions on ways of strengthening and expanding participation in the standardized reporting system, including amendments to its content and structure;
The difficulty of deciding at the outset, if the debtor should be subject to liquidation proceedings rather than reorganization has led some countries to review the insolvency law and to replace separate procedures by a “one” procedure.
Many people are reluctant to send their children, especially girls, in the course of the most dangerous situations.
We attach high priority to our collaboration with WHO and others to encourage breastfeeding as a best solution to protecting children's health.
At its thirty-sixth session in 2003, the Commission had before it the reports of the Working Group VI (Security Interests) on its second and third sessions (A/CN.9/531 and A/CN.9/532) and the report on the first joint session of Working Groups V and VI (A/CN.9/535).
Adoption of the report
The Special Rapporteur is also concerned at the opposition of the Government of the United States of America to the establishment of the International Criminal Court and the efforts it continues to carry out bilateral agreements with Member States pursuant to article 98 of the Rome Statute.
The Special Rapporteur transmitted 24 interventions to the countries of the following countries: Argentina, Belarus, Egypt, Ecuador, Germany, Guatemala, Guatemala, Iran, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Peru, Pakistan, Sudan, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Tunisia, Turkey, Tunisia, Turkey, Tunisia, Turkey, Saudi Arabia.
4.7 The judge shall inform its personal and fiduciary interests and will make every possible effort to be informed on the financial interests of its family members.
Member States reported some difficulties in implementing the Plan of Action for the Implementation of the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
(c) Strengthening the technical support institutions and scientific advisory mechanisms, strengthening human capacity; identifying new technologies and applications; and encourage international collaboration in the support of research in areas falling behind;
At the 3rd meeting, on 6 May, statements were made by the representatives of India, Germany, Brazil, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cameroon and Chile and by observers for Egypt and Croatia.
The Strategic Approach was discussed at the fourth session of FISC (Forum IV) held in Bangkok from 1 to 7 November 2003.
In his opening statement, Mr. Kim Hak-S commended welcomed the first substantive stage of the process leading to the organization of a final international conference on chemicals management.
Response measures
I would like to say that work with you, within the Council to the United Nations, has been a positive experience.
We very much appreciate the determination and belief that you have taken the positions of your country in extremely difficult circumstances.
ECONOMIC, SOCIAL AND CULTURAL RIGHTS
General Assembly
A technical cooperation project for the Maputo Trade Point (Mozambique) is currently being completed in late 2003.
The DMFAS is self-financing with the provision of more effective debt requirements and inconsistencies in the claims of creditors.
It is a more small country, but 2.2 of 3.3.3 million people are threatened by hunger.
I do not always want to understand why it is difficult to accept that statement.
2.8 2.8 The Secretary-General may submit additional proposals for the programme budget whenever appropriate.
Article 4.5. It is established that a reserve fund for peacekeeping operations as a cash fund for the Organization to respond quickly to the start-up phase of new peacekeeping operations or the expansion of existing operations, and to finance unforeseen and extraordinary expenses related to peacekeeping.
These agreements include the services that the Organization should provide for full reimbursement of costs.
Ex gratia payments
(e) Recognizes that it is preferable in the interest of the Organization to provide goods or to assign a symbolic price to another intergovernmental organization, a government, a public organization or other non-profit organization.
Article 6.4. The Secretary-General may, after a thorough investigation, permit the amount of losses of cash, goods and other assets, on the understanding that it should submit to the Board of Auditors, at the same time as the accounts, a statement of all of the accounts subsequently received.
(a) Programme of work and provisional agenda (A/CONF.202/PC/4);
The President: The Assembly will now take a decision on the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 9 of its report.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to adopt the draft resolution as orally amended?
Abstaining:
In their nature, we must impose confidence-building measures that must therefore be defined and agreed on the basis of volunteerism, at the same time appropriate by States participating in the process.
Otherwise, the developing countries will be more marginalized.
In Kisangani, she met with the families of the victims of the massacres of May 2002 and victims of sexual abuse; it also visited the prison and cots.
The cost of the replacement of prefabricated offices is estimated at $985671.
Special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of the working groups on the implementation of the special procedures of the Commission, and to take vulnerable groups to target the gap because of their origin and socio-economic situation, particularly the case of migrants, refugees and asylum-seekers, indigenous peoples and those who are seeking land from their own belong to the adverse consequences of globalization.
Why is why?
My fifth proposal is a general nature: it is to act on the source of the two scourges.
In order to achieve a lasting settlement of these conflicts, it is essential that peoples and transitional Governments of those States receive accounts and implement justice.
The Security Council has just adopted resolution 1474 (2003), which calls on regional organizations, particularly the African Union, to assist the Somali parties and the States of the region to fully implement the arms embargo, a fundamental component of the national reconciliation process in Somalia.
In truth, the League of Arab States has played the role of addressing the deterioration of the political and security situation in the region, namely, of Palestine, Iraq or regional security.
It was also trying to ensure that the inspectors, when they return to Iraq, can work and move on any freedom, which was recognized in Security Council resolution 1441 (2002).
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.27 and A/C.2/58/L.65
Calls upon the United Nations system to integrate a gender perspective in all their policies and policies, including in a coherent follow-up to the United Nations conferences in 1997, and welcomes the decision taken by the Economic and Social Council to devote, at its substantive session of 2004, one of the two themes of the debate on coordination and evaluation of the implementation, system-wide conclusions, at its substantive session of 2004,
It is true that many countries covered by the HIPC Initiative do not implement the IMF reform programmes.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
The main advice that Mr. Dule can provide the Commission to do so.
Strengthening the work of the United Nations in the field of human rights through the promotion of international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity
We hope that, through efforts and strengthened efforts, a reasonable compromise can be reached on the issue of reform of the Security Council in all its aspects.
My delegation takes this opportunity to reaffirm once again that the People's Democratic Republic of Korea has fully fulfilled its obligations under the provisions of the 1994 Agreement between the People's Democratic Republic of Korea and the United States, until its withdrawal from the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee adopted concluding observations on the fourth periodic report of Sri Lanka.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Conference, corrections may be submitted within seven days of the receipt of the record or the closure of the session, if any later later.
Welcoming the reorganization of the bureaux of the Committee and its two subcommittees, he said that his delegation welcomed the perspective of collaborating with regard to issues such as space education and disaster reduction.
Substantive servicing of meetings: substantive servicing of meetings held by the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of the Office of Legal Affairs (1);
Recalling the commitments of the World Summit on Sustainable Development for the effective and coherent implementation of the three objectives of the Convention and the establishment of a significant slowdown in the current pace of ozone depletion, which will require measures at all levels, including implementation of national strategies and action plans for the conservation of biological diversity and the allocation of new and additional financial and technical resources to developing countries,
The budget should be adjusted to take into account the costs and resources resulting from the unification of the country.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (A/58/341);
was deleted;
(g) In paragraph 4, both the two “performing” of the word “performing” in one and the other cases replaced by the word “professional officers” and the phrase “the Secretary-General to intensify its efforts” was replaced by the phrase “the Secretary-General and the heads of the secretariat of all organizations of the United Nations system to intensify their efforts”;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.21/Rev.1 without a vote (see para.
Welcoming the progress made in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, but concerned about the problems encountered,
The General Assembly decided to endorse the recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination, as contained in section C.4 of chapter III of its report.
The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe organized a meeting of Central Asian countries on the smuggling of small arms and light weapons in the course of which a discussion was devoted to ratification and implementation of the Firearms Protocol.
6 p.m. Informal consultations (closed) Conference Room 5
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General, submitted in accordance with Commission on Human Rights resolution 1999/21 of 23 April 1999, and reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of resolutions 52/120 of 12 December 1997 and 55/110 of 4 December 2000,
It is important for the Congress to report its initial refusal to support national reparations and ensure the financing and institutional stability of the payment of payments by the programme.
Identity and rights of indigenous peoples
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.17/Rev.1
Model provision 8.
See chap.
[Adopted without a vote.
They were killed simply because they were Serbian and to send to all Serbs living in Kosovo and Metohija, the message that they must go and that there is no prospect of reconciliation, or to achieve a multi-ethnic society under Security Council resolution 1244 (1999) and that we call for all our wishes.
The United Kingdom supports reform and the establishment of the Kosovo Protection Corps, an organization to deal with emergency emergencies.
For this reason, the responsibility of Israel must put a stop to those violations of Lebanese airspace and prevent the tension and instability in the region.
(c) Approves the provisional agenda and documentation for the 2003 session of the Committee as set out below.
In this Organization, there will always be zero tolerance against those who favour intolerance, discrimination, hatred and violence.
The Committee agreed that the two secretariats should continue to work.
At its resumed 2001 session, the Committee had before it special reports submitted by five non-governmental organizations in response to a complaint filed by the delegation of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
He stressed that his third concern was to ensure that the non-governmental organization did not have its status with the Council by carrying out its activities in a manner that involves the territorial integrity of a member State.
Twenty-five meetings (from 25 to 50th) were held.
However, the linkages between areas, the balance to seek, on the basis of, the costs and benefits that they were perceived were extremely complex.
Angola hosted the seventh Conference on Trade and the Financing of Oil and gas in Africa in May 2003.
If yes, please describe the measures taken.
The persons whose DNA is subject to analysis also have the right to know that the information, as well as, where it is stored and that may have access to them.
The criteria for the issuance of the European patent Convention are the following: (i) new law; (ii) “b.
2 and 17 (b) of the European Agreement on Road Conressions of 13 December 1957 or articles 18 and 34 (c) of the Convention on the Protection of Operators of Interpretation or Enforcement, Producer Producers and broadcasting agencies of 26 October 1961.
(h) To maintain approval of the implementation plan;
For example, rural population has increased in the North-East and South-West regions (from 49.8 per cent in the following areas: Bucharest (from 49.8 per cent to 49.4 per cent), the South (from 49.4 per cent to 49.2 per cent, North-West (from 49.7 per cent to 49.5 per cent) and the Centre (in 50.1 per cent, 50.0 per cent).
Women and men also enjoy equal rights with regard to citizenship of their children.
The different family planning methods were not well known in 1989 and couples were more often used in natural methods and condoms.
This revaluation reflects the increase in the price of school supplies, food supplies, clothing and other basic commodities for children, and for the purpose of preventing school dropout, a phenomenon which has taken the effect in recent years owing to the decrease in the financial resources of families with children.
The lack of development activities in the most volatile areas of the country has not been without consequences.
More than 40 countries benefited from the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) pilot programme, with grants provided by donors to finance or improve common services for 24 country teams.
UNDP partnerships with international financial institutions — particularly the Bretton Woods institutions — are focused on the implementation of the Millennium Declaration and the strategy for poverty reduction strategy.
A representative that presents a point of order may, in his statement, address the substance of the question in question.
(e) It would be recalled that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation has designated the Commission to serve as a focal point for discussions on partnerships to promote sustainable development, and reaffirmed that partnerships, as well as voluntary initiatives undertaken by stakeholders, contribute to the implementation of the intergovernmental commitments in the framework of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
United Nations Development Programme
We look forward to your proposal.
Thus, the proposal to impose a immediate moratorium on the commercial activities of extractive industries in Liberia, in the context of the past experience, and the current realities.
Report of the International Civil Service Commission for 2003
In view, model 3, in the extent that the two other system of the current system would be used to be used by several organizations.
Conditions of service for Professional and higher categories
As a result, the amounts of mobility and hardship benefits remain unchanged.
(e) Study on grade equivalency between the United Nations civil service and the Federal Administration of the United States.
He noted that each borrowing was under way before Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Monitoring and evaluation of progress on sustainable forest management
In its resolution 2003/28, the Commission on Human Rights stressed the importance of improving the response by the international community to violence by strengthening the national level of prevention and through international cooperation.
While nearly 50 leaders of enterprises were present in the official launch, prior to the end of 2003, the Global Compact has become a very widely developed international network with more than 1,000 companies worldwide, several international trade unions and dozens of non-governmental organizations, as well as academic institutions and other social actors.
All suspicious transactions identified by bank institutions are reported.
(D) (C)
Third Committee
At the outset, the campaign against landmines has generated a climate of dialogue and cooperation between Governments, international organizations and NGOs with the same spirit.
The situation in Somalia
Item 11 Missions
The working group is aware of the importance of the summary of the report.
Following these deliberations, the members of the Committee, based on the provisions relating to the working methods of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies contained in the report of the Committee on the work of its fortieth session, (1997), that the General Assembly approved its resolution 52/56 of 10 December 1997, as set out below, which will serve as a basis for the election of members of the Committee at its forty-sixth session.
(b) Encourage dialogue among States, indigenous peoples and other speakers on the concept of indigenous peoples in the promotion and protection of cultural diversity;
Chapter III Theme of the session: “Children and youth”
The World People's Republic of Korea
Most Governments are aware of the increasing threat of the illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and calls for measures to mitigate the threat of high priority.
These successes have demanded long-term investments in economic development, with the support of technical assistance.
The Civilian Police Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations addressed the Special Committee on Security Questions.
Statement submitted by the Co-Dame of the Charity of Good Nada, non-governmental organization in special consultative status with the Economic and Social Council
Table 9 contains updated information on the financial situation of UNODC and the Civilian Police Support Group at 30 June 2002.
Mr. Lauuro Baja, Jr.
Resumed substantive session of 2003
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines,oby-traps and Other Arrangements, as amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II, as amended on 3 May 1996 annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects).
Item 75 (c) of the preliminary list*
The Committee requests that they be defined in order to facilitate the monitoring and evaluation of results and to develop timetables for outputs.
However, the Advisory Committee is not convinced that three additional posts would be required to maintain a military expert.
Office for Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
(a) Continue cooperation with indigenous organizations, giving guidance to their marginalization and strengthen their capacity to take into account issues related to the national and international levels;
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1366 (2001), the Council decided that the embargo would not apply to the safe clothing, including those of the bastles and the military and military cases, temporarily exported in Somalia, for their personal use, as well as the United Nations staff, the media, humanitarian personnel, development assistance and associated personnel;
The Conference expressed its appreciation for the efforts of the Research Centre on History, art and Islamic Culture (IRICCA) in Istanbul to preserve the cultural heritage and the Islamic identity of the Muslim communities of non-members of the OIC.
The impact of the information society on economic and socio-economic development and urged industrial States to develop a programme of work for developing States to benefit from communication technology to bridge the digital divide and to participate actively in the World Summit on the Society Society and coordinate their positions.
CONDAMs all forms of repression against refugees, including armed attacks against refugee camps, and pressure on their host countries.
Recalling the principles and objectives of the Charter of the Islamic Organization of the Islamic Republic of Iran, in particular to strengthen Islamic solidarity among Member States and to consolidate their cooperation in the economic, social, cultural and scientific fields and throughout the central sectors;
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to intensify its efforts to achieve consensus on its work programme, including the establishment of subsidiary negotiating bodies on nuclear disarmament, prevention of the arms race in outer space, the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and effective international measures to protect non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Calls upon the Conference on Disarmament to begin the substantive work on the prevention of an arms race in outer space.
Resolution No. 30/30-P on strengthening the security of non-nuclear-weapon States to the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons
Resolution No. 7/30-E on external debt of African States and other OIC member States
REERICE for organizing 14 to 16 September 2002 in Istanbul, a workshop on private sector investment and the role of IDB in member States in collaboration with the OIC agencies and also thanked the Republic of Turkey for his appreciation for the workshop.
PENDOET with appreciation of the draft resolutions contained in the report of the ninth private sector meeting.
Calls on Member States that have technical infrastructure for the conservation and restoration of conscripts, to grant scholarships to the Institute, to increase their skills in this area.
Recalling further resolution No. 49/60 of the United Nations Declaration on the Declaration of Principles to Combat Terrorism;
With regard to the entire region of West Africa, I hope, will receive sustained attention to the Council and other institutions of the United Nations system in response to our mission and to our report, the subregional problems are enormous and we have listed in our report.
As stated in the report, the Security Council and the United Nations and the Economic and Social Council will be decisive in order to avoid a possible conflict, if necessary measures are not taken.
These negotiations may provide a number of disadvantages, as they require highly qualified and experienced staff, including a increased risk of abusive or corrupt practices.
In the letter of support, UNCITRAL asked “recommendations on specific provisions in order to facilitate the preparation of an analytical commentary to the Commission”.
It was important to combine the economic and political efforts and to implement all relevant United Nations resolutions that call upon the withdrawal of Israeli forces from all occupied territories and proclaimed the right of the Palestinian people to a politically independent and economically viable State.
After the adoption of Security Council resolution 1455 (2003) of 3 April 2003, the Foreign Minister of Finance, in its note No. 12/3/16/2908 of 3 April 2003, provided the customs authorities on the names of persons and entities listed on the Consolidated List and asked to prohibit the customs control of imported goods or exports by those individuals or entities and to confiscate them in the territory, and to communicate to the Customs Directorate of all information.
Calls upon States to review and reform the appropriate legislation and practices in order to address the minimum age of marriage, with or without the consent of parents, for both girls and boys, in accordance with the new general comment No. 4 of the Committee on the Rights of the Child;
Also requests the Secretary-General to communicate to the Special Rapporteur all data that have been collected from all relevant information sources, including a compilation of studies and publications on the impact of terrorism and the impact of combating terrorism on the enjoyment of human rights;
Recommends for adoption by the Commission on Human Rights at its sixtieth session the following draft resolution:
In addition, the Committee did not hear any objection to that, as proposed by the Standing Committee, voluntary contributions to the United Nations Relief Fund for the biennium 2004-2005 would be supplemented by an amount not exceeding 200,000 (see A/58/214, para.
Each subsystem is adapted to the information technology and the procedures of the organization.
Participants and beneficiaries will be the first to reflect the improvement of services that are offered.
Group of 77 (on Fifth Committee matters)
1st plenary meeting Opening of the fifty-eighth session
Introduction
Education is an important instrument of social change because it allows everyone to acquire new values and to change its relations with others.
Reaffirming that the Universal Declaration of Human Rights enshrines the principle of the inadmissibility of discrimination and proclaims that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights, which everyone may have the right of all rights and freedoms proclaimed in the Declaration, without distinction any, and that the individual has duties to the community where the free and full development of its personality is as possible,
However, the Eritrean authorities continue to assert that local staff must fulfil its obligations under the national service and several Eritreans working in UNMEE were arrested.
The Committee will encourage those who provide assistance, within broader programmes of capacity-building for capacity-building, counter-terrorism capacity and to give priority attention to training and ensure that programmes are implemented in timely and focused on results.
12.44 This subprogramme is under the responsibility of the Investment Division, Enterprise Development and Technology.
(vii) Commission on Enterprise, Trade Facilitation and Development:
(b) Other substantive activities (regular budget):
Executive Board
In the second year, they were estimated to have 211,471,815, including advances made by several Member States on their contribution to the third year.
Observations
(g) Expulsion, refoulement or repatriation of persons to a country or place where their lives is endangered and closure of national borders to prevent asylum-seekers from leaving a country where their lives is endangered;
There is a growing tendency to give priority to peace at the expense of justice, which can be understood in exceptional circumstances and to overcome short-term crises during a peace process, but that led to undermining the legality and sustainability of the peace process itself.
If I hear any objection, I shall take it that the Assembly wishes to consider this suggestion.
The General Assembly must conduct the election of 11 permanent judges for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
We have thus concluded the present stage of our consideration of agenda item 183.
It regrets, however, that there is still many countries that have not yet adopted in some regions where the proliferation of ballistic missiles remains a pressing problem.
In view of the opening of new shelters for disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration and the increase in the workload of the Section, a net increase of 38 posts is proposed.
With regard to the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism, the Turkish delegation supported a broad scope of application.
As stated in previous instalments, the Committee considered the claims of the second part of the fifteenth instalment in accordance with article 35 of the Rules and made its recommendations after assessing the documentary evidence and other evidence, with a balance of the interests of the claimants who had had to flee a war zone and those of Iraq, which is responsible for loss and damage directly from its invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Nevertheless, in order to address this problem, our State addresses the future assistance of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, international organizations and donor countries.
The media, educational institutions and religious and political personalities of the Palestinian Authority recognize hatred, glorration and offer moral, human and man-made morality, massacres.
If we see the timetable, each will have the opportunity to intervene to the Council.
Israel has a halt to the occupation of our territory, which continues to send settlers, which continues to kill their rights.
The Executive Board, recalling that, in accordance with paragraph 19 of decision 17/CP.7, the Conference of the Parties should assess the progress made on the clean development mechanism and to take appropriate measures, as appropriate, recommends that the Conference of the Parties consider incorporating in its decision on the guidelines to the Executive Board in the preamble and paragraph below below.
In Chile, between 1973 and 1988, all local elections have been suspended, the Government of the Pinochet Court has attempted to improve the provision of local services that led to a number of reforms, including in the area of income sharing.
In accordance with Sub-Commission resolution 2002/21 of the Sub-Commission, the secretariat of the Working Group informed the Board that it had identified the main themes of its work in 2003: “Indigenous peoples and globalization”; in 2004: “Resolution of disputes concerning indigenous issues”; in 2005: “Protection of indigenous traditional knowledge in national and international levels”; and in 2006: “Child and youth”.
(b) Representatives and organizations requesting a grant must be indigenous;
Annex II
Chapter Page
The role of good governance in the promotion of human rights
Reaffirming also its commitment to peace, security and justice and the continued development of friendly relations and cooperation among States,
Resolution 57/65 of the General Assembly on the relationship between disarmament and development and the reason for which it was not mentioned in the programme document were discussed.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the Security Council.
Article 101.5.2 To provide a document to a terrorist act, neglecting the existence of this link (10 years old)
In real terms, expenditure for children increased by 42 per cent between 1998 and 2001.
Having also considered the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to New Caledonia,
Consequently, there is no exception to speak when it is the right of peoples to combat their self-determination.
Cooperation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs): the participation of civil society, in general, and NGOs, in particular, is compulsory under the process of the Convention.
A series of contributions made at the sessions of the United Nations Pledging Conference for the Development Activities of November 2000 for 2001 and November 2002 for 2003.
As at 16 January 2003, the total of new voluntary contributions, which are available for the twenty-second session of the Council, was only 551,548 (see table 1 above).
(d) If action is intended to terminate or terminate the contract of a employee and, if the head of the State of the State, the head of the Government or the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the employer, this risk may interfere with the interests of the State in security;
This session will be held at the Congress of Faia Milano, Milan.
That process is recognized and designated as it is necessary (in transition or knowledge of knowledge) or not all development, which strengthens the acquisition systems of knowledge, free human potential, allowing better value and direction to social, economic and political life, with a view to bringing a society to this new phase of development.
Mary Ann I informed his intention to leave UNHCR for the reasons for personal and professional reasons and I have acceded to his request, without regret.
The Committee suggests that all age groups in the indicator included by the Friends of the Presidency.
Underlining the revitalization of the Regional Centre and the efforts of the Government of Peru and other countries, as well as the important work done by the Director of the Centre,
Indigenous representatives also stressed the need to read article 30 in the context of other articles dealing with land and development.
Allocation of non-permanent seats in relation to regions
Suggested amendments to subparagraph (b)
(a) Distribution of statements
(1) Delete subparagraph (d).
The representative of any regional organization or organization should indicate in writing to the President of the Security Council that he wished to participate in a meeting of the Council.
Agenda
In the context of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, the Secretary-General should also consider how it would be possible to provide better guidance for the implementation of such a strategy within the Organization.
The Committee calls upon the State party to include in its second periodic report detailed information on all programmes, measures and policies to contribute to the immediate and effective implementation of the legislative provisions relating to equality between men and women, including in the area of representation of women at different levels of government and civil servants.
Encourages the Secretary-General to continue to take action to ensure the safety of all staff participating in the Force under the auspices of the United Nations;
Report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme on its twenty-second session (resolutions 2997 (XXVII) and 53/242 of the General Assembly)
Basic economic laws are under consideration, including investment laws and registration of enterprises and a bill on bankruptcy.
It is encouraging to note that there has been no progress during the recent recent period of events in the end of 2002 and the beginning of this year.
The fourth highlights is that the East Timorese Government has managed to produce 44.1 million of income, including 26.7 million for income from the sea of Timor during the year, which shows that the State is increasingly able to mobilize its own resources.
The latter should not address the responsibility of the carrier.
Statements and additional contributions on the preparation of the draft instrument
(d) To encourage, in general, activities to strengthen the independence of the judiciary and the Bar.
During the biennium 2004-2005, the following outputs will be delivered:
The volume of information received by the Special Rapporteur is considerable and is increasing with the years.
One of them would have been executed with the primary entry of university, but it seems to create a climate of terror after the students.
The international community should address this growing trend in the use of excessive force;
We would also like to repeat that, with regard to the controversy on the question of the “State” of the “in-business” and the bascal, which had been destroyed by Iraq, it has made concrete proposals in recent technical discussions that took place with Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei in Baghdad on 8 and 9 February, the objective was to resolve the issues considered by the former Special Commission as vague or outstanding.
Efforts have been made in the past under the form of the proposed texts in the hope of us to move from this political impasse.
We look forward to increasing the number of customs and procurement experts for the monitoring of imports in Iraq.
Mr. Monvons's quest for peace, as we can be able to do so, will ensure that we are truly trying to achieve a determination and political will.
I wish to express the confidence and full support of France in their mission.
However, Spain is aware that peace and security are guaranteed by respect and implementation of Security Council resolutions and that it is a time when there is no change in political attitudes, lack of a new commitment to cooperation from the Saddam Hussein regime, the Council will be obliged to assume its responsibilities on behalf of international peace and security.
In this view, the efforts of the international community and the Security Council vis-à-vis the Baghdad regime still remains the main factor for the cooperation of Iraq with the inspectors and is also the primary condition for finding a peaceful solution to the crisis.
(a) To be consistent with the purposes and principles of the United Nations;
Entities that are responsible for financial securities;
As we said, Egypt has signed or ratified all conventions except the 1979 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material, which demonstrates its positive attitude towards combating terrorism.
In addition, as it is impossible to build the day ahead, we must remain patient to support and encourage all efforts to promote confidence-building measures.
Table 7
Senior
Letter dated 12 September 2003 from the Permanent Representative of France to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
On the other hand, the two centres in Ethiopia are still open to a large public and a third should soon be opened, both in Audial.
In some cases, for example, in the water sector, the number of transnational corporations capable of responding to the world is very limited.
As part of these principles, the Government of Croatia undertook a range of social and economic reforms aimed at promoting employment growth and social welfare, such as the effective implementation of the National Strategy for the Eradication of Poverty and the fight against social exclusion and the creation of social partnerships that will give priority to human resources and ensure that education and science plays a central role in advancing social progress.
The 218th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will take place on Thursday, 9 October 2003, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
A mechanism was installed at the General Assembly Hall in order to assist speakers in compliance with the time limit.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.
Accession: Belize (26 September 20031)
Ratification: El Salvador (26 September 20031)
For persons with disabilities to enjoy full enjoyment of their rights, the international community should also support the draft convention and ensure its effective implementation, taking into account historical, cultural and development differences among countries.
Lithuania stated that the principles adopted should be based on all international standards and rules relating to disability, not only those contained in legal instruments but also those arising from resolutions of the United Nations bodies and bodies.
The African Union stated that African populations should strive to eliminate social barriers and promote the principle of affirmative discrimination for persons with disabilities.
In order to ensure that the secretariat divisions have sufficient resources, the amount of 13 per cent attributed to project budgets for administrative costs should be allocated to the Division for the Implementation of the project.
The disruption in the provision of medicines, material materials and spare parts for equipment — especially those who are destined for emergency services, therapy and surgery units and other services for adults and children, have reported that the conditions in which medical personnel provide care is extremely difficult.
Is this policy a sense?
The Government of the Republic of Namibia reaffirms the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/11 in accordance with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and under the provisions of its Constitution on compliance with international law.
[Original: English] [17 June 2003]
Employment has been slow and the unemployment rate remained at a reasonable level (3.3 per cent in 2002).
[Original: English/Spanish] [21 May 2003]
Limited access to energy sources and high fuel costs and shortages resulting from a severe impact on urban transport, increasing production costs and damage to the effective functioning of social and urban activities.
Introduction
To verify the applicant's transfer of transfers in the bank and would transfer a higher amount of US$ 10,000 to the United States or the equivalent in another currency.
Paragraph 1 of article 35 of the Rules provides that:
For example, as proposed by the Secretary-General, the establishment of a multi-stakeholder group on debt restructuring mechanisms and conclusions would be addressed to the attention of the intergovernmental bodies.
