Allow me to emphasize that we will continue to work with them.
( SBI)
At its 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the President mentioned that the seventh session of the seventh session had agreed to reach the calendar of conferences and meetings for the period 2003-2007.
Thailand
In paragraph 6, the Committee requests the Sub-Commission to take the attention of the Committee to the attention of the Secretary-General to the attention of the Committee, in particular, in the light of any State, in particular the colonial and other non-independocratic Territories, in violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including racial discrimination, segregation and segregation.
The Subcommittee also decided to continue its consideration of this question at its fifty-fifth session.
Near-Earth objects
These generally include the use of a detailed land reduction database database and the use of various support data collected by the MCC system.
The common launch of the system is FAO, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Council of Science (ITC).
The study of 77 medical programmes for the number of people benefiting from nearly 600 million beneficiaries showed that 78 per cent of the programme had been established and the HIV AIDS Programme, but only 3 per cent of beneficiaries were used.
Uruguay (7 July 2003)
His wife refused to recognize Mr. President's mental illness.
If the suspect has been prosecuted, any evidence of his conviction (e.e. the accused granted to the senior police officer) must be followed by a strict review of the evidence.
Since July 1999, he has repeatedly participated in the construction of the business.
A copy of the views will be sent to the Committee on the Rights of the Child, and the Working Group concluded that the deprivation of Mr. Michael Morarra did not consider arbitrary nature of the principle of the principle of the different principles of the different types of principles applicable to it.
The Ministers of Arab States emphasized the need for the United Nations to play a crucial role in the political process in Iraq and the need to cooperate with the League of Arab States and other regional and national actors to cooperate with the Security Council under the auspices of the Security Council.
We pay particular attention to the awareness of the health awareness of individuals, especially armed forces.
China welcomes the adoption of the Security Council's relevant resolutions to improve awareness-raising among peacekeepers and the establishment of a Special Adviser on AIDS, which has taken a series of positive measures to introduce the code of conduct of peacekeepers.
The Committee had received a letter dated 20 May 2003 from the Government of the United States of America to the United States of America on 20 May 2003 by the Government of the United States of the United States of America to violate the rules of procedure at the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights at its fifty-ninth session.
In such cases, the situation should be taken as appropriate, as appropriate, to ensure that their interests are protected.
The HKSAR, Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
A view was expressed that, in view of the general attitude of creditors, it would be inappropriate to allow the non-participation of a minority member in the total number of creditors to determine the process.
The College also made further use of information and communication technology.
As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of staff members of the College were 37 Professional.
United Nations Environment Programme
Support Office
The report clearly demonstrates that the University is strengthening its cooperation with the United Nations system and increased its contribution to the activities of the Organization.
The SBI agreed to adopt those organizations under article 7, paragraph 6, of the Convention, without prejudice to action taken by the Conference of the Parties.
Statements were made by the representatives of the States parties, one of which was speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States and some of the European Union, and one on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The SBI welcomed the continued efforts of the President of the two subsidiary bodies, the President of the Standing Committee and the secretariat, and to work on the participation of observers in the meetings of the observer.
In the case of the Trial Chamber, the judgement of the Trial Chamber was issued on 2 November 2001, Mirolav Kčččkaka, Mraadoje, Drajjjca, Zgjjjjć and Mojjjica.
My delegation is very pleased to congratulate you, Mr. President, on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference on Disarmament.
The State party of the Americas has committed to:
Brazil and Sri Lanka: amendments to article 8
The Panel finds that the work of the claimant should be provided in the following paragraphs: compensation for the amount of USD 771,371, and the amount of USD 1,921,88 for the period of compensation for the amount of compensation for the period from the claimant's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, the amount of compensation for the amount of compensation and compensation.
Annex I
Mr. Al-Hernin (Switzerland): Let me congratulate you, Mr. President, on your assumption of the presidency of the Security Council for this month and wish you every success.
Mr. Vassaska (Greece): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union.
In order to fill the inherent deficiencies of the Tribunals, the question of a permanent International Court of Justice was presented in the context of the 1980s and the early 1990s, in the context of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of War.
While we believe that the search for compromise should not be linked to undermining the important international treaties such as the Rome Statute, we remain convinced that members of the Council must act in the spirit of compromise and understanding and to work actively on a mutually acceptable solution.
The United Nations General Assembly, in its resolution 57/6 of 22 November 2002 entitled “Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation”, has proved the international community strongly supported multilateralism.
It is incumbent on all multilateral documents to take immediate action on the basis of negotiations on the FMCT, and I would like to recall some of the documents in this regard.
There is a need for the United Nations agencies and other aid providers to pay high costs to rent vehicles and premises and to provide safe security, as a major source of income for the Somali factions.
All attempts to manage Somalia's fishing activities have resulted in a large number of funds in the hands of the rebel groups in the past 10 years, and the amount of the amount in the past 10 years has enabled the private community to make a large part of the private community and to complement them.
Article 4: “best means is to help or assist or assist a act of action or to facilitate action, facilitate or enforce action, which shall be punished under specific provisions”.
At the same time, international cooperation was conducted on the basis of action on the action of anti-money-laundering teams.
Open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution on the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons: Towards the twenty-first century (organized by the Permanent Mission of the Philippines)
Between 1 and 8 October 2003, one Israeli reconnaissance aircraft flew over the area of the direction of the Baia area in the area of the south of the Baia area, and then to the area of Beit Hanoun, then in the vicinity of Rumaysh.
- Adoption of the Constitution.
Efforts to strengthen the education sector
* In 1988, the University of Myanmar and the University of Myanmar did not have a doctor to the doctor.
Agenda item 155: Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (continued)
However, in recent years, recent events have shown that the coverage and implementation of this Convention remains incomplete and cannot not adequately address the growing non-compliance.
In accordance with the draft resolution, tariffs in developing countries remained in negotiations.
(g) Measures to combat money-laundering;
Prevention of prevention and terrorism
(In addition to the largest number of countries in Latin America and the Caribbean)
Annex
The highest rate of unemployment in the age of the age of 24 and 24 years is the highest.
The geography of Samoa and its good communication and transport systems have access to services.
In addition, health services institutions should focus on “health” and actively promote health as a property.
Another important aspect of economic participation is women's entrepreneurs, especially in small enterprises.
At present, there is a persistent trend in the marriage of women, which was the first sentence of the age of the age of women and 24 years in 1998 and 27 years of men, as compared with 31 years.
C. V. V. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. Mia, M.A.
My delegation reaffirms that any decision of the Provisional Institutions must comply strictly with the provisions of the resolutions and the Constitutional Framework.
We hope that the new road map for the transfer of the mandate of the mandate process will help to identify standards, which is a lack of conditions for the lasting solutions of the Kosovo status.
However, we believe that the additional measures in paragraph 21 should help control and improve the situation.
High-level growth may have to reduce the effects of a large number of locations.
The General Assembly, in its resolution 57/108 of 3 December 2002, requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Division with the necessary resources to ensure that the Division will continue to provide the necessary resources for the implementation and expansion of the United Nations information system for the Palestinian people of the United Nations, in particular at the regional level, to develop and expand publications and information on all aspects of the question of Palestine's rights in all aspects of the question of Palestine, and to prepare training programmes for the staff of the Palestinian Authority.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States had been able to carry out a long-term “term report” on the “the “S”” initiative in the United States, in February 1997 by the United States, in the north Korea, to the North Korea, with a view to re-evaluating the United States's initiative on “the defence cooperation”.
Considering that the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and other international law instruments and rules are one of the fundamental purposes and principles of the United Nations,
Calls upon all States that have not yet done so to join all those instruments in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation in the region of the Mediterranean, so as to strengthen the necessary conditions for peace and cooperation in the region;
Regional and regional assessments of drought at all levels have been established.
However, they have been constrained by lack of current indicators.
In the light of the risk of drought in a State or region, we have preferred the second approach, but there is a need for careful research.
Mission item 1.4: Preparation of an online Global Environment Approach (UN.E. Mr. Dicki)
S.E. Members of WEG
In addition, some participants emphasized the cross-cutting nature of human rights, gender equality and women's empowerment, and should confirm its importance for achieving all development goals.
For example, the transit transport of transit goods in Central Asia must be carried out at the transit seaport of transit ports, and then to the ship, to ensure that no non-mandatory items are not prohibited, because it is concerned about the smuggling of goods.
Secondly, the second could be considered to be directly invoked by individual persons (e.g. prior to the Convention on the Rights of the Child).
Annex to the letter dated 11 August 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Germany and the Netherlands to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Comment.
Comment.
9 Ibid., Supplement No. 5F and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.6 and Corr.1), chap.
(d) The strict prohibition of discrimination or harassment in the workplace or in the workplace, including sexual harassment or gender harassment, or physical or linguistic injury.
Wages
Abstract prepared by Mr. Stef Kööl
Case 455: MAL 34 - Germany: High Court of Economics, Hamburg, Germany, 4 September 1998
However, in the case of these two cases, such a statement must be voluntary; it is not a definition of the topic (more not under its scope), but it is applicable to the legal regime of the topic.
Recognizing also that, based on national and regional circumstances, different forms of democracy, the existence of different democratic political systems and freedom of equitable elections in the world,
It was stated that, with mutual agreement, the contractual period was not formally extended.
On the question of interest, the Panel cited paragraphs 19 and 20 above.
A similar provision of payment of payment for two contracts between the two contracts concluded in SAICM was similar to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The Panel finds that, in order to provide sufficient evidence, the value of the property and use of property, property value or property in the property of property was provided in Iraq from 2 August 1990.
Recommendation
Facts and contentions
In the case of the individual's employment contract, it is incumbent on the State's obligation to pay the travel of the employees of the employees of the employees of Kuwait to the State of Kuwait, and that each employee has a one date to return to the travel of air.
The suicide machine of heroin is still under way.
Secondly, in addition to the promotion of opium poppy and combating drug trafficking in Afghanistan, these problems must be addressed in the region.
All terrorists are relevant and instruments.
Fifty-eighth session
The results of the study showed that migrants are more generally experiencing racism and discrimination in the workplace and in other areas of life.
The recent mission mission to Bunia, from 28 to 30 January 2003, was deployed from 28 to 4 February 2003 and OHCHR sent a number of violations of human rights violations, including the number of minors, extrajudicial executions, looting and looting.
2 To be issued.
In addition, nearly 150 cases have been submitted to the rapid response mechanism for rapid return mechanisms, which is a joint project for the provision of housing assistance for individuals in the United Nations Development Programme and the United Nations Development Programme.
The Government of Albania commended Mr. Harri Holkeri for his Special Representative and will support his work.
States seek to attract foreign investment because investment can generate benefits and a positive impact on national economy.
The education programme will receive additional funding to increase the level of school attendance, in particular female girls, and the informal education opportunities.
78.7 Improved institutional capacity-building processes and a number of management reforms in order to enable institutional capacity to play a maximum role, improve the quality of services and improve efficiency and efficiency.
Food support to special difficulties
Microfinance and savings programme
Draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.364/Rev.1 Programme budget implications of the global climate on the protection of civilians and future generations of mankind (A/58/7/Add.27; A/C.5/58/32)
Once the cluster began, we will establish and verify the identity of ex-combatants.
• The importance of better utilization of the comparative advantages of intergovernmental bodies in order to enable them to achieve common goals, such as the General Assembly, the Security Council, the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council, should be composed of integrated committees.
The South African agreed to continue the Chair of the Kimberley Process during the first year.
The Ministry of Social Development of Dominica has been working on women's work and requires them to exercise the equal rights of children in accordance with Act 55-97.
(a) Strengthen information exchange, particularly in relation to terrorists, terrorist organizations and sources of funds and other necessary information;
Concerned also that corruption and other forms of crime, in particular crime and crime, are linked to the illicit crime, including money laundering,
The Working Group noted that, in any case, this matter may be considered by the Commission at its thirty-sixth session in Vienna from 30 June to 11 July 2003.
The Committee is concerned, however, that all teachers, teachers and parents are aware of the objectives of these reforms, especially in rural areas, in particular in rural areas, and the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the performance mechanism.
Children with disabilities
In close cooperation with ILO to ensure that children's children are working closely in the context of their harmful conditions, to ensure adequate wages and other benefits in the work of the child.
The Committee recommends that the State party take into account the provisions of article 3 of the Convention, including legislation and practice in the area of child custody.
(b) Providing special assistance to children with single-parent families;
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Law of Marriage and Family (No. 19980) and welcomed the concept of the Act and the promotion of the concept of outreach, as a way for reducing the number of children.
Most of the responses submitted by the present report (a. 59) reported that the organization of persons with disabilities sometimes participated in planning and evaluation of medical care.
There is a need to repeat the words that it would be helpful to assist in this process, but, in other words, the words of those who have been made in the excellent office of the General Service, such as those who have been made in the very high offices.
The Government of Luxembourg believes that the basis for the noble mandate of peace must be a broad and complex concept of security.
These factors have often been accompanied by the need to increase the demand for cooking and transport, which is one of the causes of energy use and greenhouse gas-related energy use.
Figure 7
The Parties are reporting on all sectors of policies and measures.
The positive review of the national communications of Parties included in Annex I to the present report indicates that, in order to better estimate the future role of the international mechanisms of the ITL and their inclusion into the results of forecast simulations, some Parties have made progress.
Norway indicated that, in a long term, water consumption may increase or reduce 10 per cent to 30 per cent.
The United Kingdom and the United States pointed out that they provide model data for national and international research communities.
Parties usually believe that the quality of data is acceptable.
Details of the modalities used by Parties are included in section VI.
Despite the increasing volume of technical assistance, the requirements of the United Nations direct observer elections have been reduced.
Particular emphasis is on legal issues, logistical and how issues related to electoral systems.
The delegation would also like to emphasize the importance of the international conference on peace, security, democracy and development in the Great Lakes region, as well as the countries of the region.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is the first briefing to the Council, which will make a briefing on how to better protect civilians in armed conflict as a matter of concern.
Indeed, he is committed to all the work of the United Nations.
With regard to the link between terrorism and armed conflict, my country has always indicated that this is a pressing issue of concern in a very focused discussion.
Mr. Zare (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): At the outset, I would like to express my delegation's pleasure to see you, Mr. President, in seeing you presiding this meeting.
The European Union is deeply appreciative of and fully endorses the commitment made by the Security Council to the protection of civilians in the Palestinian agenda and to establish a regular dialogue for this agenda.
We must therefore continue to stress that, despite the ultimate need for the international community's national institutions to resolve these problems, there is still still a need to deploy a viable and viable international security force in which the necessary security environment and confidence is necessary to establish the necessary security environment and confidence.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item.
The situation in Ituri is a result of the United Nations, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda.
I wish to commend the political will of the parties.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
10.30 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I would now like to draw my attention to the recent activities and current work of the Monitoring Team, which is able to understand the current situation in all countries.
In conclusion, I would like to thank Ambassador Muñoz, and his delegation for his able work in his delegation, and to thank the Monitoring Team and the Secretariat for their excellent efforts in the fight against terrorism in the fight against terrorism.
We appreciate the significant steps taken by the Security Council and the Commission to improve the effectiveness and accuracy of sanctions measures and to address humanitarian problems and address transparency and appropriate procedural matters.
There is therefore a set of proposals.
I would like to transmit to the Open-ended Informal Meeting of the Open-ended Informal Meeting on the Prohibition of the Use of Nuclear Material and Other Nuclear Weapons on Nuclear Weapons and Other explosive Weapons, which will be part of the work of the Netherlands.
Languages of the International Trade Centre/WTO/WTO
Signature: Malaysia (9 December 2003)
Therefore, we believe that this paragraph does not correspond to international law and Germany, and it is regrettable that we cannot accept.
China appreciates the tireless efforts of the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Economic Community of West African States to promote the peace process, and we actively look actively on the decision taken by the Summit of Western Asian Summit to provide assistance to the Western African peacekeeping forces.
• The cost of the price statistics has been certified by IMIS, and three outputs are being applied;
(a) Legal, regulatory or other authorized provisions; and
In the past five years, it was confirmed that the statistics of the statistics had been confirmed in the past five years, and the statistics of the statistical sector were only in the past five years as a donor participant, and 11 per cent of them had been involved as donor participation, and 29 per cent of the respondents had indicated that they had been involved as observers and acceptance of international cooperation projects.
He called on India, Israel and Pakistan to support universal efforts as non-nuclear-weapon States to accede to the Treaty.
Ibrahim Ahmed Ahmed Al-Makadmi
Agenda item 87: Environment and sustainable development (continued)
(d) United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa (A/57/177)
2.2 The African Group faces the issue of transport problems from many countries of African countries, from the United States of America.
UNCTAD should continue to provide assistance to developing countries in the field of e-commerce.
I would like to remind members that, pursuant to paragraph 7 of decision 34/401, the General Assembly decided to decide,
Ms. Šimonović (San Marino): Mr. San Marino, on behalf of the Third Committee, will participate in the consensus on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Third Committee adopted draft resolution I without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: On behalf of the General Assembly, representatives wishing to speak in explanation of vote on the draft resolution just adopted, and I invite those representatives to make the floor.
It was adopted (resolution 58/540).
KFOR has stopped 29 attempts to illegally illegal cross-border incidents, detained by 28 persons, and then to the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
The freedom of freedom of movement in the area of the Temporary Security Zone in the area of the Temporary Security Zone, in particular in areas, remained restricted.
However, the contemporary international claim practice confirms that some organizations have been accredited to the legal qualifications of all members of a group.
However, the financial situation of UNHCR severely affected its strategy, since the report of the Commissioner of Refugee Experts (A/58/131), UNHCR could only maintain half of the funds necessary to sustain its activities in 2003.
The summary of the meetings of the Committee shall be prepared and distributed in English, French and Spanish.
List of speakers
The members of the Committee shall be composed of 18 persons under article 28 to 34 of the Convention.
In accordance with rule 38 of the rules of procedure, the Secretary-General or his representative may make oral or written statements to the Committee or its subsidiary bodies.
Number of votes and votes to vote
If the Committee or the pre-session working group are not aware of the information contained in the report contained in the report of the State party, the State party may request the State concerned to provide additional information and identify the deadline for submission.
Meetings and attendance
Working Group on the Establishment of a specific complaint and designated Special Rapporteur 18
Rule 45
Review of the admissibility of the complaint
Recruitment of temporary vacancies 20
The military leaders did not allow those combatants to isolate their combatants and to combat them into those forces.
The three individuals were subsequently shot in José-mity, which were killed by the General Assembly.
In the light of the review, the functions of the Office should continue to be carried out in a timely manner and should continue to be exercised by the Office of Central Support Services in the field of other services in the Office.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 114)
Rule 17
The transaction of transactions shall be designated by the Register of the Register, and the record of transactions related to transactions associated with the transaction is subject.
However, due to the low cost of the local market, the cost of cost-of-service costs is not only available in the local market.
United Nations Development Programme
For “equality” package: a set of information materials for primary school teachers, published in 1994.
A special initiative for the financing of the “Social Programme for Life” was approved in 2001 for the period 2001-2005.
The Act is a comprehensive approach dealing with issues related to employment, including employment opportunities, employment conditions, salaries, promotion and vocational training.
Thus, the current adoption of the right to leave leave is the adoption of the death penalty for 18 weeks of age and the first week (not paid).
The table below is listed in the table below for the provision of funds for the capital and personnel and the estimated number of child-care facilities financed by the appropriation.
The Department has also been able to reduce the voluntary assistance of the citizens of Ireland's male family, in order to reduce the social assistance of the male family in Ireland and to provide them to the challenge of men and to require them to be responsible for their violence.
(b) The implementation of maternity leave or equal social benefits for the period of payment of maternity leave or equal social benefits;
Article 8
If the list is updated, the list will be updated to the central agencies responsible for border control.
However, in 2003, the prospects for 2003 remains the impact of uncertainty in the current global economy.
Although the education and health levels of the people are a good goal, they have a positive impact on the overall development of a country.
Paragraph 9
This initiative is a direct response to the implementation of the objectives of the United Nations Environment Programme on Environment and Environment, adopted by the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, which would help the international community to assess progress in some of the environmental objectives listed in the plan.
ESCAP will convene the annual session of the regional working group on space science and technology applications in the subregion.
In accordance with variant B, if the “information message” contains “electronic signatures” as a means of the electronic signature, it may be possible to meet the request.
As soon as possible, WHO has been collecting data from the two-hand sources of the national health survey.
The Committee notes that this savings is attributable to the direct result of a number of overexpenditures and expenditures, including an increase of $1,926,900 for the acquisition of power facilities in a number of savings and expenditures, including the provision of $1,276,900 for the acquisition of electricity facilities ($289,600), and the overexpenditures of the provision of $1,8002,800 for the maintenance of the public population in the amount of $725,700 and other projects in the amount of $133,000 in other projects.
Assessment of the role of microcredit as a alternative generation of credit.
At the end of the biennium 2004-2005, the Chamber is expected to complete the following work: 12 trials, 12 pre-trial procedures, six appeals procedures, eight appeals procedures, eight appeals of the Trial Chamber, and all of the interlocutory appeals arising from the above.
In addition to the most serious conflicts, despite the good intentions of the World Summit in the Millennium Summit, it is still important to adopt and adopt resolutions, but still the international community has not yet produced two major issues.
Mr. Coo (Malo) (spoke in French): We have once again made our action in this year, and that we have been able to produce our action and determine the steps that we have placed together in our Organization.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Mr. Kofi Annan, Secretary-General of the United Nations, for their concerns in our well-being.
Human resources management
In accordance with the criteria set forth in certain preceding criteria, it is clear that more effective monitoring of human resources policies, norms and practices are not more effective.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue to give high priority to the consolidation and response of emergency preparedness and emergency mechanisms, including regional early warning activities, in order to take effective action in order to identify all human rights violations caused by massive mass exoduses;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara in accordance with the Plan of Action;
During the reporting period, the Organization has no significant changes in the status of funds or other international non-governmental organizations in a consultative status.
The Ministry of Women and Children of Women's Affairs has been responsible for the administrative responsibilities of vulnerable groups.
Various studies have been conducted to assess public information reports and the media media.
Draft report of the Committee
Some specific gender issues are taken into account in the development of health and health programmes.
The education of education is also crucial.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Meeting of co-sponsors of the draft resolution on human rights and terrorism (under agenda item 7 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Algeria)
Plenary plenary meeting
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets that the two important savings (for example, the incentive of persons with disabilities) and the Committee's previous concluding observations had been eliminated.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives: report of the Third Committee (A/58/508/Add.3)
It also sought closer integration into the European Union and hoped that the signing of a Stabilization and Association Agreement was signed by the European Union in 2004.
We welcome the conclusion of this consensus.
Human rights defenders
The draft resolution, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
To that end, the State party should take appropriate measures to enable public awareness of the remedies of discrimination or xenophobia.
The Committee notes that, despite the constitutional and legal guarantees, indigenous peoples and other members of the Afro-Ecuadorian population and other ethnic minorities remained discriminatory.
The State party should include in its next periodic report detailed information on the right to land of indigenous communities and to compensate the remedies available by indigenous peoples in the environmental damage caused by traditional lands.
The Committee stresses that the State party's responsibility for assistance to the “right of”” and recommended that the State party intensify its efforts to increase compensation and resettlement in affected families.
In order to increase the work of these institutions, the Committee requests the State party to include in its next periodic report information on the situation of racial discrimination.
The Committee encourages the State party to review legislation to more clearly define the scope of the concept.
Although the Committee has repeatedly requested, Papua New Guinea has not fulfilled its obligations under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention, the New Caledonia has not yet been able to submit additional information on the situation in Bougainville.
In view of the lack of statistics on the composition of the Social Community of Norway, the Committee recommends that the State party provide a statistical estimate for the population of population, in accordance with paragraph 8 of the guidelines, and to draw the attention of the State party to its general recommendation No. 8 of the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and Peoples.
The Committee recommends that the State party, in its submission, be used to provide public use, and the Committee's observations should also be open.
Addendum
She hoped that the Chairman of the Advisory Committee had made note.
Requests Parties included in Annex I to the Convention to provide information on national lists of national inventory reports and the format of the CRF, and to inform the Secretariat on the precise web site of those publications available online online;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 21 November 2002, at 3 p.m.
This commitment, in particular through the inclusion of space science into the third cycle of the Malaysia's third vision plan, shows that this is a key area in the establishment of a culture-based society.
In conclusion, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda firmly supports the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and to express its condemnation of the message of the United Nations Mission in Kinshasa.
(d) To maintain the necessary vigilance of the necessary vigilance in the context of assistance for the use of weapons of mass destruction for the delivery of weapons of mass destruction, taking into account such programmes, taking into account such programmes could be used to conceal ballistic missile programmes;
The approach is likely to be a strong solidarity, will and resolve the international community to implement the Convention.
In addition to non-post objects under non-post objects, the provision of funds for the Ombudsman and its staff; and the provision of additional operating operating expenses for the maintenance, office and office of staff members of the Office of the Office of Internal Oversight Services; and the purchase of the office automation equipment.
The Working Group considered the draft recommendations at its 11th to 14th meetings, on 30 January and 31 January 2003.
Since the amendment of 17 December 1963 (resolution 1991 (XVIII) was entered into force on 31 August 1965, the General Assembly, on the basis of the membership of the non-permanent members of the Security Council, would be increased from six to 10 per cent.
Mr. Yoshiozi (Japan) withdrew the term of the high term (Japan) until 31 December 2004.
* Term of office expires on 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 88)
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 45/17 of 18 December 1990, and 46/140 of 17 December 1991, the General Assembly, at its three session, decided to consider this issue in a number of years.
Thirdly, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen the role of the United Nations system programmes and agencies within the framework of its competence, as well as its subsidiary bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Sustainable Development.
The Task Force and the secretariat of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction are the main institutional mechanism for the Strategy and has been merged to consolidate their functions.
The Ministry of Family Planning of Kenya is a voluntary non-governmental organization, which was established in 1962, as well as the launch of the Youth Family Plan.
Please describe the organizational structure or mechanisms of the Government of your country, which can detect and investigate the financial networks associated with Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or Taliban-related organizations, or those who provide them with their support or their associated individuals, groups, enterprises or entities.
The meeting was chaired by G.E. Mr. Groos.
There is no doubt that effective coordination between the United Nations and the African Union and the African regional actors and organizations must also be fully funded so that these actors and agencies can fulfil their peacekeeping responsibilities in the region and countries in Africa.
United Nations Children's Fund
While 69 per cent of respondents indicated that national policies have been provided to all people, regardless of their gender opportunities, women and girls continue to face a wide range of economic, legal and social barriers, which increase their vulnerability to HIV/AIDS.
In 2005, the proportion of children living in HIV-infected infections decreased by 20 per cent in 2010 to reduce by 50 per cent and to ensure that 80 per cent of pregnant women receive prenatal care and to reduce the risk of maternal transmission.
There is a need for a long-term maintenance of effective responses, which must be developed and maintain and maintain institutional capacity.
The review of existing practices within the United Nations system has shown that the following features of the lessons learned at the national level has been identified in the following new features:
These workshops and meetings are held in conjunction with the annual session of the Commission and the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
In response to this important expansion and recognition of the Organization's responsibilities, WMO agreed with the Council's decision of 50th Executive Council to agree to the WMO space programme.
The new strategy would provide a new strategy to promote accessibility and accessibility in order to enable the GCOS and programmes to address global environmental problems in the use of meteorological meteorology and research.
As a result of the Secretary-General's report, significant progress has been made in implementing the mandate of the United Nations in Timor-Leste.
These institutions and departments are: the United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs (Disarmament), the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (UNHCR), the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO), the World Health Organization and the United Nations Office at Geneva (OHCHR).
(b) In the event of any other than any other than any activity in the implementation of the contract of carriage of carriage in the term of carriage of carriage, the amount of loss, damage or delay shall be carried out during the period of such activities.
The second option was selected, and the last sentence was in square brackets.
A concern was raised in paragraph 103 of A/CN.9/526, which should be deleted in order to maintain the unilateral nature of the controlling party, rather than any changes in the provisions of the contract of carriage of carriage, as the latter needs to agree with the parties of the contract.
OIOS also found that there is no development plan for the appointment or replacement of staff members.
The specific purpose of the Working Group is to establish and analyse the procedures used by other countries in that regard.
I wish to point out four points.
UNIDO should focus on the development of projects in the developing world to improve the production and sale of firms in the developing world; it should assist developing SMEs in the development of a clear and realistic approach to the development of corporate social responsibilities in the developing world, and to provide training and tools for SMEs to promote business linkages.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the Council, corrections may be made to the date of receipt of the record or the date of the session of the present session (i.g. more late).
For the issuance of documents not yet, please indicate the date of submission and issuance.
In order to create employment and the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, ILO implemented international programmes to assist States in implementing the action plan for women's employment within the framework of poverty strategies.
Transport at airports 6-78
He regrets that this meeting did not have a agreement on the reduction of agricultural tariff and agricultural subsidies, in which it had reached a total of $50 million from poverty or rich countries, which would help to bring the world's more than 44 billion people from poverty.
We hope that the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development will create a new situation to maximize the strength of international cooperation and to increase investment in development projects and plans.
At the same time, a bill on racial discrimination and racial discrimination was also studied.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that the overall work of the Ministry of Forest Affairs is the implementation of the revised Forest Law Act No. 97/017 of 8 August 1997 and the establishment and ratification of strategic action plans, including strengthening the cooperation of customs officials, establishing a joint patrol, establishing the National Forest Sector Observatory, to improve natural heritage management and protection of biodiversity.
Paragraph 4
Invites relevant United Nations bodies, including institutions at the national level, to take due consideration to the Declaration and the Special Representative of the Special Representative, and invites the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to address the reports of the Special Representative of the United Nations, including at the national level, and requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to respond to all relevant United Nations bodies, including at the national level;
At the same time, she also welcomed the joint statement issued by the Ministers of the Ministers of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs, as well as the international efforts to implement the implementation of the Plan of Action for the Implementation of the Drug Demand Reduction Plan.
She stressed the importance of the Government's recommendations on the draft drug control strategy and the reduction of the corresponding measures to reduce drug addiction in 2008.
The complaint
In her statement, she said that 44 per cent of the recommendations made by ICAO's technical cooperation bureaux were not implemented and urged the Secretariat to expedite the pace and to fully implement the remaining recommendations.
Further clarification should be given to the need for further clarification of the recommendations of the final performance report (para.
The delegation of the United States would like to look forward to the technical analysis of the proposal by the Inspector, and hoped that the Advisory Committee would endorse it.
(b) To integrate user groups into implementation and implementation of the Strategic Management Plan.
Other matters
• The Bureau will be composed of five posts: Chairman, Vice-Chairman and Rapporteur; the Chairman of the Legal Subcommittee; and the Chairman of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
He urged developed countries to increase the proportion of gross national product for official development assistance, reducing external debt burdens for developing countries and to open their markets in developing countries, allowing developing countries to integrate international economic and social development, from globalization and to reduce the gap between developed and developed countries.
In order to achieve cooperation between the Eurasian Economic Community and the United Nations, the relationship between the two sides should be strengthened in a stable basis, and the relationship between the Community of Community and the United Nations General Assembly will strengthen the cooperation between the parties and enhance the capacity of both parties to secure the security and security of the world.
Recalling further its resolution 2002/25 of 24 July 2002 and other relevant United Nations resolutions,
The authorities of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya are also studying the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the involvement of children in armed conflict, with a view to acceding to the Protocol.
The Controller has just reminded the attention of the Committee that it had received a comprehensive written clarification in its informal meetings.
The Committee notes that, despite the fact that the report contains numerous information on the legal provisions imposed since the previous report, it lacks information on practical implementation of the Convention.
Introduction
The report and responses are contained in the report of CAT/C/75/7.
In accordance with rule 111 of the rules of procedure of the Committee, the Committee urges the State party to investigate and punish the facts of the Court on 15 April 1995 and to prosecute and punish the responsibility of the complainant, including fair and adequate compensation, and to inform the Committee at 90 days of the date of the present decision.
The right of his right to his right is severely injured owing to his right to leave his right to his or her right.
11.11 With regard to the report of the International Criminal Court (see para. 82), the State party submits that the report was a clear indication of the fact that the report did not address the risk of risk in the event that the complainant would not have a risk of risk, because the organization did not have the necessary investigation.
7.2 The Committee is of the view that the State party should take the complainant's obligation to exhaust the Sudan, whether it is a sufficient reason for the State party to maintain the obligation of a person to be subjected to torture or to return to the State in another State, if there is a sufficient reason for the State party.
The facts as submitted by the complainant
4.3 With respect to the claim under article 3 of the complainant, the State party argues that the abuse of ill-treatment in the prisons of Spain cannot prove a violation of torture practices in the country.
The Council takes note of the intention of the Contact Group to make substantive contributions to periodic review and to submit its assessments to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
The Guide explored the relative applicability of all aspects of the insolvency law in this context.
While Equatorial Guinea has repeatedly expressed its position at the international forums and forums, the President of the Republic of Central Africa held a meeting on the occasion of the United States President of the United States and the President of the United States of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, in New York, on the occasion of the United States President of the United States and the President of the United States of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, in order to help support, support and protect the situation from international terrorism and transnational crime.
Jamaica
Security Council
On the other hand, the secured creditor's secured creditor would be able to provide the encumbered assets with a security right in the security of their own security rights if it is verified.
A alternative or complementary approach is the requirement to identify the assignee's claim in the registration of a secured creditor to be registered in a number of registered creditors in order to avoid the situation from a third party.
In the light of the detailed level of information on the relationship between the public and the security of the parties, the registration system has strengthened the degree of confidentiality between the relationship between and the secured creditor.
However, in the context of the transfer of the legitimate control of the obligation of third parties to the secured creditor's obligations, it may be desirable to waive the right to be given to the right.
The consultants are working on the drafting of the guidance and guidance of experts.
Reaffirming that the World Conference on Human Rights at Vienna held in Vienna in 1993 was the urgent need to eliminate the deprivation and protection of human rights;
See chap. ]
Deeply concerned that women belonging to minorities, indigenous women, refugee women and internally displaced persons, women, women and internally displaced persons, women, women and internally displaced persons, girls, women, women and armed conflict, often suffer from the goal of violence against women, especially women, girls, women, widows and armed conflicts, and other women, in particular, are subjected to discrimination, and other women,
Urges States to consider ratifying or acceding to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its two Protocols, to the Protocol for the Smuggling of Migrants, Land, Air and Air, and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children;
States should endeavour to establish a global security environment for cooperation, mutual trust and ensure universal security for all members of the international community, thus eliminating the use, development and retention of nuclear weapons.
In many cases, trade, development and development programmes are used as a indicator of achievement rather than the target index.
19 Oceania, 23 October 2002 and Economist Intelligence Section, V.V. Wup, 18 December 2002.
The considerable information provided by Iraq is not only examined by the information provided during the present report.
Through the principle of the negotiation of a peaceful settlement of disputes between States and the international community, it reflects the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations, which, in the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations, hoped that the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom continue to be a constructive dialogue with the Governments of the United Kingdom and the Government of the United Kingdom to resolve the problem of the Falkland Islands.
Please provide this response to the United Nations, as a document of the United Nations, for the use of projects under agenda item 11 (a) of agenda item 11 (a).
The estimated estimate for 2003 was included in the amount of replacement of 132 computers.
Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol:
The date of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol is the status of the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention; the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention; and the work of the Committee, including the sessions of the two subsidiary bodies; the dates and venue of the second session of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol; and the Conference of the Parties to the Protocol of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol;
He took note of the efforts of the least developed countries to achieve their exports in order to reduce the level of poverty and/or/or other LDCs in order to reduce their levels of poverty, and he stressed the link between poverty and its ability to diversify productive structures, and he stressed the importance of national export structures in their development efforts.
At its closing plenary meeting on 4 December 2002, the Council adopted the agreed conclusions on agenda item 2.
The meeting was opened by the President of the Council.
European Community
Although some progress has been made last year, the Special Rapporteur has outlined the concerns of concern, while the Special Rapporteur has outlined the outstanding mandate.
More than 3 million people were killed in the world in 2003 to the HIV/AIDS pandemic (HIV/AIDS) and a total of 500 million people living with HIV/AIDS (HIV) has reached more than 4,000 people worldwide.
Although the initial HIV/AIDS pandemic is considered a health problem, today is increasingly recognized as a development, security and human rights.
The information and knowledge generated by such collaboration would promote awareness of the risk of HIV/AIDS in many factors related to women's status.
Working Group on the Liability of Damage from the International Law of the International Law
International law: difficulties arising from the diversification and expansion of international law.
The Government has slow progress in establishing effective and reliable justice systems, and limited.
The events in January 2003 brought tremendous burdens on the new defence and police forces in Timor-Leste, resulting in violations of law and constitute human rights violations.
It was also noted that the report should be more appropriately reflected in the core strategy on the Millennium Development Goals adopted by the United Nations system in June 2002 and in all aspects of the Millennium Project, as they become integrated frameworks at the global and national levels to facilitate the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals through the integrated framework of global and national levels.
General Assembly
(g) The Advisory Committee of UNRWA: proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003;
Table 11.11 shows that the budget for non-post object of expenditure (including the Committee's recommendations on the basis of the recommendations of the Committee) and its recommendations on the basis of its computer continuity cycle, including the recommendations of the Committee and the recommendations of the general operating operating cycle, will lead to budget reduction.
(b) The Advisory Committee recommends that the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 be reviewed in the context of the proposed programme budget for the Security Council, and, where appropriate, to provide support to the various activities, as appropriate, in order to improve efficiency efficiency in various activities and to provide adequate use of staff and other support services (A/57/7/Add.17, para.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the reduction of information technology resources for the recovery of information technology resources in the amount of $48,600 (without recosting) was currently proposed in 2002 and the provision of resources for expansion in the expanded amount (see paras. 108 to 113 above).
In its consideration of the budget, the Committee felt that the secretariat of the ECE secretariat had undertaken a proactive proposal and to discuss meetings and publications of the ECE representatives.
Section 24 Human rights
Resource growth includes the restoration of approximately 2 million (without recosting).
In March 2003, the Ministry of Human Rights of a Independent Human Rights Department replaced the following of the human rights sector under the jurisdiction of the Minister of Justice.
It reported that its HIV/AIDS prevention and control plans were coordinated with the host country and the National AIDS Programme of the country.
2003/15 Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
In addition, the acts of terrorist acts committed in the Bolivarian Republic of Costa Rica or any kind of conduct are not true, and article 274 and 37 of the Criminal Code establishes the legal penalties for the establishment of terrorist activities or international organizations.
In this regard, the bill is intended to modify articles 274 and 37 of the Penal Code.
For the purposes of the Foundation, the legal status of the Foundation is established by the Ministry of Public Information, which is established in accordance with Act 5338 of 28 August 1973, and provides that the acquisition of a fixed asset for the purpose of a fixed asset for the purpose of the public cause is the acquisition or assistance of a fixed asset to be used or assisted by a fixed asset.
The Committee urges the State party to increase efforts to provide greater support to a single-parent family.
At the same time, in the agreement of the United Nations Staff Observer Meeting in Pretoria, in March 2003, the police forces deployed in Kinshasa will be deployed in Kinshasa and monitored by military observers in MONUC.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee composed of the following States members:
Review of work
In this regard, the Special Committee notes that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 was based on the resources proposed in the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium 2004-2005, but not prejudice the decisions taken at the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
Representatives of regional organizations
Many Territories have made significant progress in political, constitutional, economic and social development and significant progress in self-governance.
It was noted that some regional economic situations have led to increased migration in coca cultivation areas, while in order to respond to drug law enforcement efforts, drug-processing trends were concentrated from rural areas.
At the same meeting, the Commission considered draft resolution A/CN.7/2003/L.10 entitled “Promotion of information on the use of new features of drugs and the use of substances used for drugs” (E/CN.7/2003/L.10), sponsored by Benin, Egypt, Greece (on behalf of the European Union), Switzerland and the United States of America.
(a) Changes in the scope of material control;
Mr. Solian Niva, Minister of Health
• To allow all documents related to activities related to nuclear activities (e.g. progress progress, the exchange of meetings and computer files between the Government and the organization of activities, and to allow them to take measures to address these documents in order to provide appropriate forensic analysis in the field or other local (e.g. through, p.m. and photocop).
C. Attendance
Communication No. 9333: Ad Hoc Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination
The Human Rights Committee, established under article 28 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 1988, the High Court of Zambia decided that he would continue to stay.
3.2 The author also considers that article 14, paragraph 3, of the Covenant, is contrary to the breach of the criminal proceedings.
6.1 On 12 September 2002, the State party responded to the date of the submission of the author's son's son and the State party's lack of a precise time for submission of the communication.
7.2 With regard to the admissibility of the author's claim on the admissibility of his or her own, the Committee on the Rights of the Child, the Committee, in the light of the absence of a separate precedent, the State party must make a convincing justification for the communication of another person.
On 20 July 1999, the President granted a appeal to the Minister of Appeal on 15 February 1999, and it was considered that the Court of Appeal was in the case of “the very difficult case”, although the case was a demonstration, but it is appropriate that the evidence is a frank and appropriate factor.
The State party also adds that it is clear that the risk of violations of article 7 must be a fundamental and predictable consequence of the return of a person to return to the return of a person.
Communication No. 9333: Ad Hoc Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
To this end, you shall not be entitled to submit the pension requirements under this Act.”
The military officer in the field in the area of the period 1990-1991) was the case of the death of a terrorist attack in the near future.
Accordingly, the State party provides an instrument for the purpose of a wrongful act.
4.4 The State party does not recognize the absence of discrimination against the age of the age of the State, which is a response to the author's findings.
The Convention authorizes the State party to “or consider and consider its communications” is not [Danel].
The facts of the author
The author's comments on the State party's observations
They pointed out that the State party did not contest these arguments.
On 4 July 2001, the High Court granted the award of Caba, but on 2 August 2001, on 2 August 2001, the Order of the Appeals Order was held.
In 1989, the detention of all detainees in the detention of all detainees in the custody of the detention centre for the detention of the six weeks after the opening of the six weeks of detention, which must be found in the first six weeks of detention.
Subsequently, the other members of the organization and the organization were aware of the fact that the education legislation (art. 15 and article 5 of the Act of the Education Act of the Education Act of the Education Act) prohibits the school textbooks of the secondary school.
5.8 The author further argues that Norway had a law on the use of the right to freedom of rights, in accordance with the interpretation and practice of Norway, which is contrary to article 27.
On the contrary, the interests of the Sámi people have been guaranteed through the lack of adequate livestock in the light of the fact that there is no sufficient pastoral power.
On 4 February 2000, these committees reached agreements on their respective groups.
However, the author did not provide information, and it was not possible to see whether the Supreme Court of the Supreme Court did not have any doubts about the attitude of the Saami of the Sami, in the case of the Supreme Court of the Supreme Court.
On 2 February 1997, he was formally charged with the offence of murder of Mr. J.J. on 7 February 1997, and he had been detained on 7 February 1997.
2.3 The author states that the receipt of the request by the Director-General indicates that the date of the application of the court was on Friday, 24 June 1994, on Friday, 24 June 1994.
2.17 On 2 December 1998, the Court of Criminal Procedure concluded the author's conviction that the author has been convicted and sentenced to six months of imprisonment, which may be revoked and ordered to pay compensation for the complainant to pay a compensation of the US$ 2,000 francs.
The Tribunal has also failed to decide on this request, but, in accordance with the State party's State party, the failure of the evidence to be found in the domestic legislation, as well as the failure of the State to comply with illegal administrative decisions, the Government's legal responsibility (the Administrative Court, 26 January 1973) (see para.
On this point, the Court of Appeal is satisfied that the author's “the author's right to be given to the current location” and “for the author's ability to do so in his life, as well as the possibility of “the author's refusal to uphold the possibility of the community's power, as well as the likelihood of the possibility of its re-terrorist and endanger society, may be a small cause of neglect, which could be ignored as “Colazal treatment”.
The author drew attention to the Commission's decision of the Committee on the Law of the Republic of Jamaica (No. 300) on 7 April 1994, and the Opinion on the Law of the Republic of Spain (paras.
Safi and Bulgaria's electricity company, International Court of Justice, Judgment of the International Court of Justice, A/BUR/99, p.
The substantive cooperation needed to be given to Iraq's obligation for the fulfilment of all weapons of mass destruction, or the elimination of all weapons of mass destruction, or for the destruction of the goods and activities, or to provide evidence to create a conclusion, which has not yet been subjected to material or activity.
Our Iraqi Iraq wishes to say that there is no non-exhaustive items, and if evidence are evidence, they should be regarded as innocent.
A clear example was that Iraq's invasion and Caicos Weapons Act of the United States of Iraq stated that some of the UXX in Iraq in the end of 1998 had been transferred to the water plant as a industrial mining.
Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules of procedure and procedures of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, as well as the practice of the intergovernmental organizations and major groups of the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests, the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests and the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests, the representatives of intergovernmental organizations and major groups may be invited to participate in the activities of the ad hoc expert group [[[]] [[]]] [[]] [[]]
At present, 60 areas in the south and south-east areas of the south were considered in areas of high risk.
E. Human rights questions
Moreover, efforts need to be done to promote integrated coordination of economic and social development, which is necessary for the development of individual categories.
If the State does not guarantee their right to survival, these communities will not achieve cultural, social and social integrity under the Constitution.
There are also some enterprises in the face of protests and political repression, or taking into account the cost of the human rights of the core core for human rights, and that it would be too expensive to remove, remove projects or avoid investment.
Thus, in such cases, article 25 of the Money Laundering Act and article 18 of the Criminal Code of Criminal Procedure are fully used to freeze the funds associated with terrorist acts or terrorist organizations.
Statements were made by the representatives of Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Croatia, Germany, Germany, Hungary, the Second Committee of the States Parties, in accordance with rule 24 of the rules of procedure of the Committee, and in the form of credentials submitted by the representatives of Australia, Romania, Belgium, Bulgaria, Norway, Portugal, the Republic of Korea, Romania, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Senegal, Poland, Portugal, the Republic of Korea, Romania, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Senegal, Serbia and the Grenadines, Senegal, Serbia and Saint Vincent, Senegal, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Republic of Tanzania and Uruguay.
United Nations
Article 8, paragraph 3, of the International Law of Non-Governmental Organizations, provides that foreign and stateless persons may be involved in non-governmental organizations in Azerbaijan in the same manner as citizens of Azerbaijan.
Private initiatives for agriculture.
Reaffirms the right of everyone to participate freely in the cultural life of society and to share the arts of science and to share scientific progress and their benefits;
In accordance with the provisions of the Fund, projects must be managed in the management of women, and these projects must be innovative, and other similar enterprises are not competitive.
The first day is the establishment of a platform for training for the Ministry of Field Management, the Baltic Sea, the Baltic Sea, and the Centre for Cultural Management (ENCAT).
This is the project of two municipalities and recreational sectors.
Paragraph 1
A number of e-business processes that may be interested by States have been identified (OECD) and the following definitions:
We will explore potential potential links between e-commerce and technology censuses with other production censuses.
World Bank (2003).
The EU attaches particular importance to the Committee's work.
The President: The Committee will now proceed to take action on the draft decision contained in document A/C.1/58/L.17 entitled “Quesing disarmament and international security issues”.
Step 3: Treaty negotiations on fissile material
Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Working Group with services and assistance necessary for its work.
Consideration of reports 23 9
There is no legislative provisions that would contain racism against racist motives as a result of any legislative provisions of the racist motives, nor does not provide provisions of the legislative provisions of racist motives in the judgement of the Court.
Children with disabilities
The Committee welcomes the strategy aimed at strengthening the right to health services and the right to education in the child, through the introduction of the educational and educational intermediaries, as well as through the teaching of the Roma tongue.
A special review of gender equality in the country was a policy on gender mainstreaming in the country, and recommended that such policies were established in selected projects.
Most of them are the primary treatment of primary treatment or treatment in the hospital.
The Labour Code recognizes the trade union union, a business union, independence union union trade union and temporary work.
If women are pregnant, the post-natal leave should be extended, as a result of maternity leave, and the specific time for the extension of specific time is to be determined by the appropriate time of prevention or treatment.
A number of tasks and actions carried out by the United Nations University at Brindisi, Italy, in addition to a number of tasks and actions.
In 2000, it has also been included in the list of sanctions.
As such support and other forms of support and incentives, the number of students registered in 1998 to 1998 was increased by 278,681, and a increase of 10 per cent.
These schools are also benefiting from the priorities of the national community programmes.
Table 3
“17. Requests the Secretary-General to facilitate, in accordance with previous practice, meetings of non-governmental organizations and specialized organizations organized by non-governmental organizations and specialized organizations in the Eleventh Congress, and to facilitate appropriate measures to encourage academic studies in the Eleventh Congress;
Many indigenous representatives discussed common education issues, including: the continued enrolment of students in schools and non-mandatory education during the age of compulsory and non-mandatory education.
The United Nations has established the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on the Follow-up to the United Nations Conference on Disarmament and the implementation and follow-up of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields of the Economic and Social Council.
The annual session of the State party is being prepared in November.
This strategy should overcome any gaps and limitations within the existing non-proliferation regime.
The Declaration also recognized the need for more technical assistance and capacity-building in the field of developing countries and LDCs, including policy analysis and development, to better assess the development policies and objectives of multilateral cooperation in their development policies and objectives, as well as human development development and institutions, so that the Declaration has committed its commitment to cooperation with other relevant intergovernmental organizations, including UNCTAD, through appropriate regional or bilateral channels.
For the purposes of this instrument,
A warning of the affected communities should be transmitted to the affected communities and to prevent the risk of sexual education.
Most of the border checkpoints can use information from satellite connections.
The parties, neighbouring States and the United Nations signed the present document, which means to agree with the provisions of this plan.
From 1990 to 1999, a total number of school-school enrolment rates in developing countries was increased from 0.8 to 92,22 per cent of school students in developing countries, from 20 to 8 years.
Such differences are not limited to a age, but the evidence of the present report would only involve adults.
In developing countries, the differences in health knowledge and behaviour are fundamental causes of the number of deaths in infant mortality.
e Data of data (school students) does not include students (school students).
(i) Parliamentary documentation: documentation and proposals for the organization of the work of the Ad Hoc Committee on Disarmament, Decolonization, Economic and Social Council and related matters, including the provisional list of documents, provisional agenda and the provisional agenda of the General Assembly, as well as the report of the General Assembly on the status of documentation, the report of the General Committee on the status of documentation, and the report of the General Assembly on the status and issuance of documentation, as well as to the General Assembly and the Council, as well as on the draft resolutions and decisions of the General Assembly and the Council, as well as the list of decisions and decisions adopted by the General Assembly and the Council;
The strategic strategy for the biennium is to strengthen and publish the functions of information on information, to minimize delays in the processing process.
Subprogramme 2
All of these acts are contrary to the resolutions adopted by the international community, which stated that the illegal nature of these acts, which calls upon Israel to withdraw from their lands, but the Israeli authorities cannot not be indifferent.
My delegation also wishes to thank the United Nations for its commendable action aimed at reducing the impact of natural disasters in the fight against human society and to pay special attention to the needs of developing countries in this process.
The Special Committee on Children's Special Session is not only a opportunity to review progress in the 1990s, but we have provided an opportunity for further commitment to the world as a better local ground.
These include HIV/AIDS, trafficking and the commercial sexual exploitation of children and children, maternal and neonatal mortality, maternal and neonatal mortality, and child malnutrition.
5 million children continue to live in extreme poverty in extreme poverty, more than 1.2 million children in developing countries, and more than 1.5 million children living in the developing countries die in the prevention of diseases, such as preventable diseases, and that success has been achieved in the light of the fact that the success of the population is a disease.
The Plan of Action is very comprehensive, including strategies aimed at prevention, implementation and implementation, protection and repatriation, return and reintegration.
The approved posts for the Professional level in 2003 was shown in annex II.
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held a informal meeting to discuss its report on the mission to the region.
Summary of expert activities
Response:
I have received a letter from the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Dominica, Eritrea, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Eritrea, Ghana, Benin, Ireland, Israel, the Netherlands, the Netherlands, Nigeria, Sweden, Mali, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Portugal, Norway, Sweden, Sweden, Portugal, Qatar, Slovakia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Spain, Slovakia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Spain, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Ukraine and Zimbabwe joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Recognizes that the international economic, commercial and financial fields is closely linked to the implementation of the right to development, in which it stresses the need to expand the gap between the organization and the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and stresses the importance of strengthening the gap between the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and stresses the importance of developing countries and economies with economies in transition in the development of the international economic decision-making and norms;
Calls upon States to pay particular attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including positive measures, to ensure full realization of the right of everyone to the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health;
Decides to consider this question at its sixtieth session, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Deeply concerned at the violence against migrants, in particular against women and children in different parts of the world, against racism, racism and xenophobia, and other forms of discrimination, inhuman and degrading treatment,
Recommendations
In addition, more closely links are being closer, existing of the existing goods, with a view to establishing joint relations with shipping companies or other transport companies.
E. Future activities: impact of trade facilitation
Article 14 of the Penal Code stipulates that the law of the Republic of Tajikistan is effective in the case of the criminal offence of the Republic of Tajikistan, if the law of the State or the law of the State of the Republic of Tajikistan have been committed to the public, as well as in the absence of a criminal offence in the case of the State of Tajikistan.
What is the case of any other bilateral treaty in Tajikistan as a party to the international conventions and protocols as extraditable offences?
20.20 The executive direction and management is the responsibility of the Executive Director, including the Office of the New York Liaison Service.
(b) Proposed organization of work (A/AC.265/L.2);
(Signed) Jeremy Greenstock Chairman of the Security Council
The investment may include specialized and specific assets, resulting in cost costs and expand transaction costs.
See International Institute for Environment and Development, op. cit.
The Chairman made a statement.
Slovenia's legislation are responsible for all organs, in particular the Ministry of Defence, to cooperate with the private and private security companies to combat kidnapping.
It calls upon both parties to cooperate fully with MONUC and third parties.
Other funds
Other matters
Human resources management and payroll system
As a result of duplication of internal oversight functions in the Department of Operations and Finance, there is a need to increase coordination in both interdepartmental divisions.
In view of the lack of information on the family, it is important that it can be used to use the use of women in the family, disaggregated by sex-disaggregated information.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
In fact, the views of the views are a goal for the leadership of the Iraqi leadership.
As such, I can say that any decision of the Iraqi people can be acceptable as a way of democracy, through the participation of all people.
Note by the Secretariat*
Many Parties estimates that, even in the late 1990s, they may also be able to do so.
Affirms that intercultural dialogue has largely enriched the common understanding of human rights and affirms that international contacts and cooperation in cultural areas can pose important benefits;
General debate
Some delegations expressed the view that they should be reviewed as a responsibility and situation for non-State actors.
However, some delegations expressed the view that it would be appropriate to provide a special treatment to the perpetrators that would help to determine the truth.
In contrast, 16 countries have made indicative pledges in 2001 to 2001.
Let us work together in order to achieve the full political will of the Commission and other multilateral frameworks, in particular the full political will of the world's capital, in particular the full political will of the world, and that the country's priorities will soon be soon.
Secondly, the media has extensive coverage, which contains a disturbing fact that Al-Qaida has decided to use chemical and biological weapons.
In the light of the conclusion of a item, the following items will be taken immediately on the basis of time.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and place;
(a) The meetings of the seminar should be held at an open level, but the President finds that the presence of a private presence in the circumstances of the situation is limited.
It is clear that no solution to Israel and the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon cannot be truly peaceful and lasting.
The level of development and achievement will depend on active development and the participation of the international community in the overall security situation.
Mr. Vassyov (Bulgaria): I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this important meeting on the security situation in Afghanistan, and we have the opportunity to hear a very brief briefing for the Ambassador of the village, Ambassador and Mr. Guéhenno.
(d) The use of the best medical findings to improve treatment programmes and to undertake careful evaluation, effective case management and adequate follow-up support;
Our responsibilities are the publication of the audit opinion on these financial statements.
The plan consists of the cost of staff staff, UNHCR's contributions, and interest in interest of interest.
(i) Miscellaneous income
Note 8 Voluntary contributions
The Committee recommends that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations develop a methodology to determine the best number of staff required for the effective management of contingent-owned equipment systems, taking into account the changing situation of the Mission's workload and the Board's recommendations.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/505 of 27 June 2002, the total number of Member States approved by Member States for the period ended 30 June 2001 amounted to 188,686 dollars, amounting to the unencumbered balance of unencumbered balance in the amount of $12,848,686 and other income of $5,850,000.
In order to commemorate the International Day of Violence against Women, the Ministry of Women's Affairs organized a national working meeting on domestic violence.
I commend the Government and the international community in this regard, and urges the Government of Afghanistan to take the necessary steps to continue to reform its security institutions, and to believe that the international community will continue to support security sector reform.
Reaffirming the importance of re gratia tariff regimes as an essential mechanism for facilitating international markets for development products,
The situation in Afghanistan
The challenges in 2002 are to consolidate fragile peace.
In addition, we believe that nuclear-weapon States, as well as the indefinite nuclear weapons of nuclear weapons, are a threat to human security and survival.
In order to effectively use the remaining time and facilities allocated to the Committee, I expect the full cooperation of delegations to enable the First Committee to complete its work in a constructive manner.
Agricultural subsidies in agriculture, plantations and livestock subsidies have been reduced by small profits, resulting on the impact of deforestation.
The Special Rapporteur had been in the area of the region in September 1994, as a result of the lack of complaints received from different nationalities, the Special Rapporteur visited the region in September 1994.
The second expert meeting discussions on the legal definition of mercenaries, as well as the need to amend the definition contained in article 1 of the International Convention on the Law of 1989.
Determined to encourage strict compliance with the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
At its 6th meeting, on 4 October, the Chairman expressed the statement that the Secretariat had informed a programme budget implications on Western Sahara, New Caledonia and American Samoa, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Guam, Montserrat, Pitcairn, Saint Helena, Tokelau, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands.
The Government of Ecuador will submit its decisions as soon as possible.
In addition to further assumptions for the establishment of an average of 30 per cent of the investment group in the investment sector, a total of 25 per cent of the project's cost costs and the first time of payment of the beneficiaries of the beneficiaries were paid, and the value of investment in contributions supported by $2 billion would be a result of $2 billion.
Takes note of the adoption by the Council of Ministers of the Council of African Unity on the prohibition of the Convention on the Prohibition of Certain Waste and Control in Africa, adopted by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity, in its resolution RC/Res.1356 (LIV) of the South-Terrorism Movement of the African Union;
At the ministerial International Conference on Transit Transport Cooperation and International Financial and Development Institutions and International Financial and Development Institutions on Transit Transport Cooperation, the Secretariat had contributed to the preparation of UNCTAD's report on the challenges and opportunities of the United Nations system on transport and economic development in landlocked and transit developing countries (UNCTAD/L/2005/2003/8) and provided a further detailed presentation on trade and trade negotiations.
Two secretariats organized regional capacity-building workshops with the WTO and the World Conference on Trade and Environment.
These items or the high value of these items are a high and high value (“the Valuation Items”).
Today, let us unite us to the world's world's poverty.
We need to preserve the role of the United Nations and to ensure that all States, regardless of their size, comply with the Charter of the United Nations.
As the debt of the debt is our country, and it will be in vain?
We firmly believe that these imbalances will be more interested to the deliberations of the General Assembly, which will also promote the full debate of all key issues, thus enabling a more difficult implementation of decisions.
2003 and budget
It was also noted that the Secretary-General, in its resolution 56/247 of 24 December 2001, called upon the Secretary-General to strengthen the activities of UNCTAD and other organizations of the United Nations system in support of the activities of the countries of recipient countries, particularly in developing countries, in particular the LDCs, and the activities of small island developing States, in particular those in developing countries and small island developing States.
Iraq now has a management committee, which is a genuine representative body.
Both are the path of peace to peace, and all those who are free for freedom of liberty.
President Bush (spoke in French): Sergio Vieira de Mello is proud of the United Nations.
The fight against international terrorism is the first part of Croatia's priorities.
The political system of the Korean Republic is a mixed President of the Legislative System, which is different to the President.
In general, there are two cases of violations and compensation.
[Original: French]
Introduction 1 - 6 3
Draft resolution I
The Ituri battalion deployed by the Mission of the United Nations has been composed of four battalions and support units.
MONUC has taken a number of actions, in addition to the seizure of weapons in Bunia, and some of them suspected of those who were suspected of private fraud.
Despite these challenges, humanitarian organizations continue to provide assistance to all levels of access and to assess the country's assessment.
The report contains a number of matters that have been taken by the Forum.
In indicator of achievement (d), the words “the best practices would be replaced by best practices in the implementation of the annual programme of work of the Department”.
In the objective of the objective, the words “in the Millennium Declaration” should be read as a guide for the development of the medium-term plan, taking into account General Assembly resolution 55/23 (resolution 55/2).
Also recommends that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in collaboration with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, in collaboration with all Member States, in accordance with paragraph 21 of the Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/70 of 25 April 2003, encourages Governments to organize meetings, workshops and other activities at the regional and national levels on the achievements and shortcomings of human rights education in the Decade for Human Rights Education, which are coordinated;
Article 87
Taking note of the resolution 2003/50 of 23 April 2003 on the rights of the Commission on Human Rights on the rights of States or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities,
Taking into account the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights on the elimination of violence against women, including resolution 2003/45 of 23 April 2003, and the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to the fifty-ninth session of the Commission (E/CN.4/2003/75 and Corr.1 and Add.1, paras.
Sudan
The system of vendor entities, potential donor and end-user countries, as well as the local community, service providers and international organizations, should work closely with the local community, service providers and international organizations to ensure safe, free global satellite navigation, positioning and time systems.
Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
In November 2002, FAO held a technical conference on enhancing the participation of stakeholders in the technical conference on the financing mechanism to identify ways to strengthen the participation process in national forest programmes and establish partnerships for action.
The Secretary-General and his Special Envoy also maintained close contacts with other relevant members of the international community.
“In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to His Excellency Mr. H. H. H. H. H. H. H. H. H. H. H. Mr. Al-Marie Zubar, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Iraq.
The Special Rapporteur believes that the United Nations should play a stronger political role in the Sudan in order to support the current peace process and achieve permanent and lasting peace.
He noted that the new institutions of the Committee on the Prevention of Women and Children, which had been working on the establishment of a national human rights institution, and the preliminary steps taken by OHCHR in organizing training activities in the field of technical cooperation programmes and the recent steps taken by the Sudan to strengthen civil society.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are kindly requested to contact the secretariat of the Committee (A/57/43-Egypt) or Ms. Dolia Barar (tel. 1 (212) 963-2320 and 963-91377; fax 1 (212) 963-5935).
In the course of this work, there must be a dialogue and consultation between regional and regional organizations, political leaders and civil society.
(h) Report of the Executive Boards of the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund/United Nations Population Fund (DP/2002/10);
“Recalling further relevant resolutions on human settlements, in particular General Assembly resolution 3327 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974, and 32/162 of 19 December 1977,
Under agenda item 14 (d), the Council adopted resolution 2002/20 and 2002/2 and decision 2002/540 and 2002/241.
At its 37th meeting, on 24 July, the Security Council issued a draft decision entitled “Strengthening of the Executive Committee of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees” (E/2002/L.11).
b In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/206 of 21 December 2001, the Commission on Human Settlements, from 1 January 2002 to the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat).
During the meeting, we note with satisfaction the increase in the number of members of the Member States and continues to debate on the basis of the annual declaration of the launch of ballistic missiles and space stations and the application of standards and the improvement of quality standards.
The sovereignty of the Falkland Islands would not change, unless the people of the island wants to change.
Encourages the authorities concerned to provide various courses for children in schools, including mutual understanding, tolerance, active participation of citizens, human rights and promoting peace;
The case of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, as well as the case of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, is the importance of the judicial process in achieving national reconciliation.
Ultimately, the General Assembly needs to decide on this matter.
4.4 As a result of the organization of terrorism, the Department of Political Affairs will cooperate with other relevant departments of the International Centre for Crime Prevention and Justice and the Secretariat in the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
As a result of the Tribunal's agreement on the relationship between the Tribunal and the Organization, it is necessary to liaise with the United Nations Headquarters at United Nations Headquarters.
(b) Promote dialogue between the main groups mentioned in Agenda 21, including women, youth, indigenous peoples, business, trade unions, industry, the scientific community and non-governmental organizations, and to promote the participation of those groups in the work of the work of the Committee and the general development of sustainable development;
Indicators of achievement
23.23 The subprogramme is responsible for the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Indicators of achievement
Strategy
In particular, the work of decision-making is also supported by support, which takes into account the social problems of management, energy and environment.
Performance measurement
Expected results
The main objective of the subprogramme is to assist Member States on the request of Member States to assist in the timely delivery of emergency relief assistance to natural disasters and environmental emergencies (including technical accidents).
The International Association for Voluntary Assistance has also been a member of volunteers, who would participate in all press conferences convened by non-governmental organizations, and to report to the Executive Board of the International Year of Volunteers and the United Nations information on activities of the United Nations.
The jury then made recommendations to the Government, which will be strictly implemented and evaluated.
Ms. Rodríguez (Norway) said that there was a lack of serious human rights violations in counter-terrorism against terrorism, which is becoming a pretext for the protection and suppression of human rights defenders.
Introduction
“The Security Council expresses its grave concern at the fact that the troop-contributing countries and the multinational forces have taken a strong threat to the ceasefire line, as well as the serious consequences arising from the possible consequences of the ceasefire.
Fifty-eighth session
Family: 8.8 per cent: 8 per cent: p.m.
They should be sent within one week of the date of this document to the Chief, Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza.
Older persons are not present as a group, but the ageing process has forced people to adapt to their physical, social and environmental environment, thus exacerbating their risk.
Different groups expressed their common concern in their common interest, but they agreed that social vulnerability impedes their full potential and deprived of their statements and rights.
A number of households have been able to suffer from medical costs and loss of income for the disabled members of the family.
In the event of armed conflicts and other disasters, the informal support system often lost the death of death, missing or forced migration.
The reference to “international responsibility” shows that the draft articles is fully reviewed by the international organizations in the context of international law.
The Committee would also like to adopt the appropriate balance between the international organizations and the non-governmental organizations in the context of the scope of the draft articles on the ground, even when possible excessive restrictions on the scope of the draft articles.
Fifty-seventh session
(a) The role of the State party for the protection of refugees and other persons responsible for the protection of refugees and other persons responsible for the protection of their problems;
In view of the growing relationship between conflict management, humanitarian action, human rights, development policies, I re-evaluate UNHCR's position in the United Nations family.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts made by the Government of Chad to continue to engage in dialogue with the democratic and justice campaign and other opposition parties, which reflected the following:
A important policy decision for the acquisition of goods for the purchase of goods is a key policy decision and that such priority should be given only to the seller's seller or also to the bank and other loans for the purchase of goods.
The benefits of such priority claims can be facilitated by social objectives.
With respect to creditors, it is equally important to identify the priority rules and the effective identification and identification mechanisms of the priority, as well as the effective identification and identification mechanism, as well as the provision of priority rules.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
It is generally common to sign the President of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
However, in order to inspect all of the goods of Somalia or Somalia from Somalia and Somalia, there is a need for considerable and sophisticated inspection equipment for the countries of the region, which are not in all countries.
The most busy airport in Somalia is Hargeisa, a average of 88,000 passengers and 350 tons of goods.
Calendar of conferences and meetings in the economic, social and related fields (agenda item 7 (c))
(d) Report of the Board of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (E/2003/59);
Basic programme of work of the Council
Agenda item 113: Promotion and protection of the rights of children (continued) (A/C.3/58/L.23/Rev.1, L.28 and L.83)
Accordingly, the United States Government must vote against the draft resolution.
Mr. Schaui (Liechtenstein) agreed that, in principle, support to the Office of the Special Representative would be supported by the regular budget.
Ms. Elaea (Benin) said that she regretted that her delegation had made a number of delegations, which had been able to change the thrust of the draft resolution through changing the title of the draft resolution.
Article 45 of the Constitution defines discrimination as defined in article 45 of the Constitution: “the `discrimination” means to be defined in different terms of treatment, and that the person of origin, the State, the political opinion, colour, creed or sex, or any other person, are subject to unilateral or unrestricted measures, and another category or limitations, which are not bound or restricted, and they shall enjoy the privileges or discretion of the former person.
Persons with disabilities are entitled to the same services without discrimination and equality.
The placement services is responsible for the establishment of the centres of the Ministry of Commerce and the District Centre (including the Pagosia).
In the light of the rules applicable to each category of each category, the Regulations also have a distinction between “children, adolescents and the young people”.
As of October 2000, 32 per cent of the total of 32 per cent lived in the house, and boys and 15 of girls were of 15.
The list of cases in the case is classified in the location of the property, which contains a total of 68 cases.
The nature of the nature is only available only in exceptional circumstances.
However, all high-risk pregnancies have been processed by antenatal clinics in school hospitals.
In view of the small size of the Malta Islands, the use of land was a major challenge for Malta.
It also provides for a mentoring plan and part of support, with a view to providing a student services.
Malta supported the concept of cultural concepts as a result of a broad personal, social and economic value.
The creative activities of these persons are considered to ensure the basic activities of national sustainable development, as it has a potential for economic value to society.
Order of the Housing Authority issued by the Ministry of Housing for Housing and Housing
Despite significant efforts, the war, resources, poverty, HIV/AIDS and other issues continue to be severely hampered by the sustainable development of Africa's social development.
I would like to take particular attention to the question of financial, debt, market access and capacity-building.
In developing countries, the importance of trade in trade cannot not be overstated.
These procedures also provide control of the management, monitoring and auditors of associations.
It must be reaffirmed that all persons with disabilities are entitled to protect, without discrimination, equal and equal enjoyment of human rights, as well as any discrimination or other negative discrimination against persons with disabilities, as well as any discrimination or other negative discrimination in persons with disabilities, as well as violations of human rights in persons with disabilities;
It was therefore expressed that the revised document of the draft law was to be revised in a comprehensive convention with a view to establishing a comprehensive convention on the purpose of reproductive cloning, which seeks to establish a comprehensive convention with other forms of cloning, which would allow the States parties to the future to choose or suspend such cloning, or to prohibit such cloning through domestic legislation.
C. Action of the Subsidiary Body for Implementation 4 4
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, I have no objection to any objection, and I shall be invited to invite the Permanent Observer of the Holy See to take the floor in the Council.
But we must not lose sight of the humanitarian dimension of Iraq.
We urge the Government of Iraq to take the correct decision.
Over the years, Member States have called on the humanitarian institutions to move from the potential crises.
Illegal weapons, terrorism, as well as the separatist separatism of the acts of aggression are often a threat to international regimes.
In this month, the crisis in Israel and the Gaza Strip and the Gaza Strip have been more than two years ago, and the political deadlock and economic damage has become a more serious one.
My delegation would therefore make the greatest contribution to the efforts of the international community to achieve these goals.
They are persecuted by the cause of justice, such as the prohibition of the island of Vieques or the struggle against national independence.
He would clarify and further elaborate such methods and the necessary inclusion of the human rights needs.
The provisions of these treaties are consistent with section XIII of the Criminal Procedure Code.
Table 21.32
The situation of employment and unemployment in all countries of the region has deteriorated, despite the fact that the most serious majority of Argentina, Uruguay and Venezuela had been a serious economic crisis in those countries.
Agenda item 121
There is no strict distinction that could be found in the discussion of policy-oriented policies on the ground.
The provision of funds and external resources is the main source of funding of the most assessment.
The outcome of the results is the same important “see the process of data collection and data collection processes” (see www.unep.org/forestryW/ww/HH/report/report.doc).
Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism
Developing countries are increasingly interested in multilateral discussions on the working group on domestic regulations.
Cuba case case.
In addition, the Secretariat continued to share the issue of the issue of troop-contributing countries.
With regard to this issue, see responses to paragraph 2 (a) and (b) of the draft resolution.
The camps and resettlement positions have been scattered by armed elements, and refugees have been blocked or forced, deprived of access to effective asylum procedures.
In addition, the High Commissioner decided to convene a conference on special arrangements, which would be a central issue of the forum of the Forum.
The question of “Somaliland” also remains controversial.
On 23 July, one space was fired to the United Nations to the United Nations.
Combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth periodic reports (CEDAW/C/BRA/1)
The report indicates that Brazil and the non-governmental organizations participate in the preparation process, but wondered whether Brazil or the National Assembly had adopted the report.
The students are most popular, and the scientific and academic levels are very popular.
(c) Training
Accordingly, the Panel recommends that the claim claim compensation.
General and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
“14. Welcomes the importance of the follow-up to the follow-up to the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance, and welcomes the measures taken by the Committee to strengthen the implementation and functioning of the Convention;
“The implementation and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Third Decade of Action to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination
Fifty-eighth session
(iv) The main environmental challenges in the Aral Sea, which are in the context of the world's environmental fisheries and its impact on the marine environment; (iv) the use of nuclear and persistent metals in the Arctic Ocean; (iv) the use of weapons in the North-Karabakh region and the impact of the marine environment; (v) the destruction of weapons from the 1980- 1980s, the Chernobyl accident, the Chernobyl accident and the Western European reprocessing facilities, as well as in Western Europe and Western Europe, as well as in Western Europe and Western Europe; (iv) the use of weapons from the 1980- 1980s, the Chernobyl accident and the Western European reprocessing facility; and (vi) climate change; and the potential impact of the North ice ice.
Several delegations expressed the view that fishing, POPs and heavy metals, the seabed activities, shipping activities, shipping activities and dumping, as well as the impact of climate change, are a real and sustained threat to the oceans of Arctic ecosystems.
Multilingualism and information
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue partnerships with local, national and regional broadcasters, which will bring the voices of the United Nations in the world;
The programme agreed with a new study of the Global Entrepreneurship monitoring, which needs to support and seize business opportunities.
Mr. Bavier Pauit, France, University of Mexico
Mr. Yvovo (Switzerland), Switzerland, Mr. G.
Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights
Mr. Duzit (Romania): Mr. President, I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for having spoken during the current session, and I would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference.
With regard to verification, a comprehensive approach and a focus-oriented approach had been raised and a broad discussion.
Since 1987, the West Bank (including East Jerusalem) has been destroyed in the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, which had been dismantled in the absence of the construction permits, and 167 Palestinians lost their homes.
A total of 100 loans are currently available in the project portfolio, with the value value of US$ 5 million, and $3 million for the purpose of commitment to 50 new loans (November 2002).
(c) The situation of the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, as well as on the wide range of programmes in the field of post-conflict and stabilization in the context of post-conflict and stable environments;
McNle D, op. cit., op. cit.
I have the honour to transmit to you the attention of the Secretary-General to the recent terrorist attacks against the Israeli citizens.
Contents
In the same period, more than 1 million students have received scholarships for Eastern Europe, the Soviet Union, Viet Nam and China.
According to the 1995 census, three per cent of women and 5 per cent of men were completed in the age of 15 and 5 per cent of women and 3 per cent of men and 3 per cent of men.
Between 76 and 1995, the number of hospitals in the central hospitals increased from 4 to 8 per cent, from 12 to 18 per cent in the provinces, and the number of health centres from 29 to 13 were increased from 29 to 52 to 52 in the same number.
The Lao Youth Alliance will also explore a partnership with the Ministry of Health to explore innovative ways to provide advice and maternity services to young people.
The same is the same of women and men, and the same child is the same of the children and the other similar collective movements.
Indigenous people have taken note of the experience of our predecessors in the United Nations system, which are also familiar with human rights instruments.
Turkey, as observers of the first meeting of the Conference of States Parties to the Ottawa Convention, held in Maputo in May 1999, announced its intention to join the Convention in the first decade of the new millennium.
These debates have also been instrumental in defining and clarifying the different aspects of the issue.
However, everyone knows that, if terrorists acquire weapons of mass destruction, they can be lost.
We are confident that we have just begun.
The agenda thus concluded its consideration of agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
Chile supported the efforts made by the Secretary-General to improve the modernization of human rights treaties, particularly in the reporting requirements, in particular the requirements for the reporting of the report.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the feasibility feasibility for the consolidation of the account of peacekeeping operations in different peacekeeping operations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“The political issues involving security”
The composition of the subsidiary bodies should take into account the principle of equitable geographical distribution and the types of legal systems.
In the first phase of the first phase, the Committee focused on ensuring that States should develop legislation on all aspects of resolution 1373 (2001), which had taken steps to become parties to international conventions and protocols against terrorism, and they have established effective mechanisms for combating the financing of terrorism.
Transfer of environmentally sound technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(a) Relevant chapters of the report of the Economic and Social Council for 2003;
The Mechanism's monitoring mechanism includes the Steering Group of States, donor and donor organizations.
Fifty-eighth session
Taking into account other relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, including resolutions 54/245 of 22 December 1999 and 55/220 of 20 December 2000,
In the context of sustainable development and the eradication of poverty, the protection of public health and the strengthening of national health services are increasingly important, and, first, as a factor for promoting and implementing those goals, the second, as well as indicators of social and social sustainability.
In order to achieve progress, we need to be frank and constructive, and it requires specific recommendations.
Mr. Al-Hader (Fiji): On behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the United Nations Pacific Islands Forum: Australia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, Micronesia (Federated States of), Nauru, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Tuvalu, Vanuatu and my country.
A individual Committee may also play an important role in discussions with the next and to be addressed.
It was reported that a proposal to be submitted at the first session of the International Committee for Human Resources and the Senate's Financial Committee would be amended to amend article 94 of the domestic tax regulations, and it was important that the federal Federal Council decided to eliminate article 9 of the Act on the Equalization of Wages prior to the majority of non-service exemptions.
The Board of Trustees of CEB agreed with the findings and conclusions of the report, which considers that the recommendations of the report be acceptable.
In order to better understand the obstacles of data collected by the global data centres to the global data centre, the SBSTA invited the GCOS secretariat to prepare a analytical report on ways of specific issues and addressing the various ways of addressing these issues and to submit the SBSTA at its twentieth session.
In particular, China's interest from the purchase of crude oil from Kazakhstan and the signing of a agreement in 1998 to the country in 1998 allows a Chinese company to participate in the oil resources in Kazakhstan.
Article 10 of the Constitution stipulates that the status of international treaties is higher than the Czech Republic.
Act No. 10/1999, on freedom of access to access to information, establishes the conditions relating to freedom of access to information and provide basic requirements for information.
Resolution S-10/2.
The recent report of WFP/FAO has claimed that reconstruction works had increased over 12 per cent in 2003, partially offset by the dramatic decline in maize in the past year.
In accordance with the Ministry of Health of Timor-Leste, the Integrated Management Programme of Children's Child Protection Programme of the Child Protection Programme of five years of age.
The President of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Council and the Director-General of UNESCO, at the headquarters of the UNESCO headquarters, contributed to the strengthening of cooperation in education and science.
Legislation on the policy document will be submitted in 2003 to the Council of Ministers in 2003.
The United Nations Mission for Support in East Timor, United Nations agencies, funds and programmes have provided technical assistance to enhance the capacity of the National Police and Public Administration to fully respect democratic governance and human rights.
The decision will resume the wording of the Secretariat's proposal (paras.
Fifty-seventh session
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also believed that the Chairman of the Group of 77 and China did not participate in this meeting, and he urged all States to reconsider their positions to reconsider their positions.
Italy
As a result of the increase in the exchange of procurement cards and the use of NN software software, this limits has increased to all of the four cards to be spent at $2,500.
The Controller is responsible for the implementation of this recommendation.
The Director-General of the Treaty on Disarmament will be responsible for the implementation of this recommendation.
In the same vein, the United Kingdom believes that measures should be taken to restore stability in Iraq.
The development of sustainable, unreported and unregulated energy is a key factor in achieving goals identified by the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
The number of students and teachers and teachers in other schools have also begun.
World Tourism Organization
Article 7 is retained by the administrative management of ODS.
Conclusions and recommendations of the Committee on Programme and Coordination for the forty-third session of the Committee on Programme and Coordination, reflected in the revised programme budget outline for the biennium 2004-2005 and further amendments to this note
So far, only one country (Botswana) came from the list.
Organizations related to programmes generally believe that statistics are a tool for the preparation, implementation or evaluation of health policies.
In order to implement the Plan of Action adopted in June this year, the European Union has decided to focus on a number of measures.
The EU and its member States actively committed to the Conference on Disarmament in order to negotiate negotiations on non-discriminatory, multilateral and international approval of fissile material against nuclear weapons or other explosive materials, based on the mandate of the Special Coordinator and its mandate.
In the light of the establishment of the above-mentioned goals, the Government of Jordan has to take the following:
My delegation recognized this unfortunate situation and reaffirmed the appeal made by the President of the Secretary-General, Mr. Theo-Ben Guriz Obasanjo, for the efforts of the international community to conclude a legally binding international instrument to regulate such weapons to non-State actors.
Other corruption in the discussion include protection of “reporting” and victim, compensation, extradition, mutual legal assistance and banking secrecy.
Deeply concerned at the persistence and situation of violence and discrimination caused by many of the women's religious intolerance,
Such an analysis must need to be directly involved in relevant institutions and programmes.
As a result of a specific shortcomings in the publication programme, the Division of Law should update existing publications or to prepare new publications.
This approach cannot be considered as a reform, but only as a result of the mandate and objectives of the mandate of the mandate and objectives of the United Nations and the overall role of the United Nations in the area of disarmament and international peace and security.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate other members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should be able to provide appropriate administrative support as necessary for scientific and technological centres.
(a) The legal representative of the relevant matters related to the scientific and technological centres shall be subject to administrative and its functioning;
Uruguay has made its commitment to restore peace in conflict zones and to contribute to the peace and maintenance of conflicts, and it has participated in a number of meetings that had been held in almost 20 years.
Like the many countries of our continent, Ethiopia has been suffering from the long-term and long-term consequences of conflict and war, in which it may be more more than other countries.
It was reported that the projects against the abduction of children were a major event in UNICEF and the Office of the Committee on the Prevention of Child and Child Pornography, the Judicial Affairs and the President of the President.
The Committee notes that section 3, Political affairs, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and stresses that programme managers should comply with the Regulations and Rules of the Programme of Action, the Programme of Implementation, the Monitoring and Evaluation System of the United Nations System, the Programme of Implementation and the Monitoring and Evaluation System.
How can we be able to promote the reform goals of the Organization, more than saying that the peace goals of the Middle East can not be promoted?
In addition, the National Women's Policy Act adopted in July 2000 provides positive action to increase government legislative and implementation institutions and women's representation at all levels of political parties.
Source: Assessment and analysis.
Goal 5
In June 2003, the President of the Security Council expressed its support for a statement issued by the press and reaffirmed its efforts to the road map and the Quartet.
The aforementioned resolution affirms the importance of ending the occupation of the Arab territories of the Arab territories, which must be given the power of the Palestinian people to enable them to exercise their right to self-determination and to establish an independent State in their own lands.”
Abbreviations
In my last report, the law in my last report remains unchanged, namely, the aircraft are often in the north of the north of UNIFIL, and then in the northern airspace of the UNIFIL war, thereby avoiding direct direct observation and verification.
During the intersessional period, the Working Group also held informal consultations.
The implementation of the basic construction plan for the refurbishment of premises should be more accessible to the buildings.
The report also discussed trends in the use and methods of the use of the use of contraceptives in the various regions of the regions of the region.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 24 (E/2002/8).
While the international community has had a strong commitment to secure the survival of human beings, the representative of Morocco, and noting that, in the world's efforts to secure the lives of many countries in the world, millions of children continue to suffer from the lack of access to drinking water and sanitation and the death of millions of thousands of people, including thousands of thousands of people, continue to cause deaths and the gap between the rich and poor divide and the persistence of the gap between the rich and the poor.
Other matters
Recalling the determination of heads of State and Government in the United Nations Millennium Summit to take measures to ensure that the human rights of migrants, migrant workers and their families are the human rights of migrants and their families in order to eliminate the growing number of racism and xenophobia in many societies and to promote harmony and tolerance among all societies,
This trend confirms the decline in opium poppy cultivation since 1999.
Any corrections to the record of the meetings of the Committee will be consolidated in a single corrigendum, to be issued shortly after the end of the session.
Pursuant to the provisions of Economic and Social Council resolution 1884 (V), the provisional provisional agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission is prepared in accordance with existing legislative mandates.
The debate shows that despite progress made in implementing the Convention, there is still much room for resolving the main issues of the region.
The increase in the increase in the dumping of soil salt in soil soils and the reduction of groundwater contamination is increasing.
Through the adoption of the World Day, it can re-examine the support of States to the Convention and to promote experiences and knowledge.
The travel is not subject to night hours at night hours, such as the duration of the work of the period, without payment of allowances, or more than 10 hours after the date of the period, which shall pay 40 per cent of the benefits.
Repatriation grant
The work of the regional intergovernmental organizations involved broad issues covering economic, financial, trade, transport, energy, environmental and development cooperation.
Against:
Such a statement requires States to take concrete action at the national, regional and international levels, including specific measures to apply to the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Mr. Pagaya (Indonesia) proposed a delegation to assist Mr. President, to assist the Commission in its support for the Palestinian people and its inalienable rights.
Decides to extend the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for a period of six months until 30 June 2004;
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 52-266.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to increase the number of women in elected and appointed institutions, including in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, to implement temporary special measures in order to achieve the rights of women in all areas of public life, in particular in the context of the participation of senior decision-making processes.
The Committee recommends that the State party intensify its efforts, mainly through advisory methods, to encourage women and girls to take different educational choices to help them fully develop their interests.
Concluding comments of the Committee
The Committee expresses concern about the recent changes in the recent number of countries in Colombia, especially indigenous women, and in particular indigenous women.
The Committee is also concerned that the “indigenous governance law” is currently being discussed in the discussion of other laws, including the existence of discriminatory laws in other laws, including the rights of the matrimonial property rights, identity and the ethnic minority.
Stresses the importance of further strengthening coordination and coordination among the United Nations organizations in promoting sustainable development in the context of sustainable development, in which it welcomes the participation of the United Nations Environment Programme in the United Nations Environment Programme;
UNICEF is a common co-chair of sport for development and peace.
With the support of UNESCO, the Government of Pakistan has established two awards, one of the “best reporting certificates” for female women, and another “best gender awareness of women and women”.
A study on the areas of the media and peace will be conducted in particular in Latin America and Africa.
In December 2001, the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, in the framework of the International Decade of Action for the Promotion of Peace and Non-Violence of Children, adopted a project entitled “The “Disarmament and Peace” project in the context of the implementation of the Plan of Action, in order to find a culture of “the heritage and peace culture” in order to find a culture or marking of dialogue, peace and reconciliation in the local heritage, to make greater attention to the concept of the concept of a culture of peace in the local population and general public.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by paragraph 15 of the report of the Second Committee (A/58/944), as orally corrected (A/58/946).
It also described the basic features of the production of the value of the value of the value.
The Director of the Financial Director, in Thailand from 3 to 8 May 2000, participated in the meeting of the NGO Forum on Non-Governmental Organizations and the Economic and Development Bank of the NGO Forum, organized by the NGO Forum on Non-Governmental Organizations.
In addition, the Government has studied the possibility of the successfulization of the model of prostitutes in the civil society (special, particularly in particular those who are vulnerable to AIDS, and victims of domestic violence.
In her view, the provision of care should not be regarded as the sole nature of women, and it should be a joint responsibility for women and men in the family and society.
Measures to eliminate all nuclear and biological weapons in the world are a long-term goal of the United Nations.
It is not the only challenge of the United Nations to increase its commitment.
In many cases, the United Nations has been able to assist in post-conflict peace-building efforts without deployment of any military personnel.
As a result of the fact that the two countries are largely in orbit, the world has a very significant effect in 2015.
Within the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights have stepped up assistance to assist in the promotion of good governance and strengthening national human rights protection systems.
General Assembly
The goal of the goal is to eliminate the voice of the people of the people and to undermine freedom and freedom of expression, which are the basis for all civilizations.
It uses the weaknesses and gaps of our social organizations and international relations.
Mexico will continue to cooperate in this global effort and is convinced that international law should not be regarded as an obstacle to the fight against terrorism and should be considered as a valuable tool.
* The report of the Committee on the initial report of the Government of the United Kingdom (CEDAW/C/UK/2, para.
The law also provides that learning and skills committees should take into account the need for the promotion of equal opportunities for ethnic groups, men, women's women, as well as the elderly and non-discrimination.
The Government promotes other measures in the area of women's work and technology, as a strategy, which is a strategy to identify the priority areas of a more focused-oriented action of action aimed at improving recruitment and retention of women in the field of work and technology and to highlight the achievements and contributions of women in the fields of occupational and technical fields.
One of the members of the two General Assembly members of Northern Ireland, members of the General Assembly and the Deputy Vice-President of the General Assembly, had been suspended on 14 October 2002 and two of the four ministers were women.
See annex II, table 10-10.5 (paras.
In particular, the Government presented a plan of action to address the incidence and convictions of rape.
This document takes into account the comments made by the Government of Action on the Status of Women in 1998 to provide a comprehensive picture of violence against women and how to combat such violence.
In the context of effective international and local contracts and conditions and conditions that have not been acceptable to the United Nations or the administering Power, the management authority may recommend that the United Nations terminate these contracts in a cost-effective manner.
Significant progress has been achieved in the tripartite process established by resolution 1483 (2003).
We believe that, regardless of the progress achieved in the re-negotiated progress, it should be complied with the date of resolution 1483 (2003) of 21 November.
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
The reform and strengthening of the Organization's initiatives, the Secretary-General's initiative, is a matter of common interest and determination for all United Nations Member States.
This is the special needs of Africa.
It is clear that the United Nations consensus in the United Nations is a preference for only a non-permanent member of non-permanent members, which will support this approach.
The Vice-Chairman of Mr. Stephen (Australia) and Mr. Yango (Indonesia) were Vice-President.
We believe that the Additional Protocol is an important instrument for further strengthening the IAEA safeguards regime.
In the overall process of the development of these systems, the Court needs considerable flexibility.
One part of the budget is that the Court requires more than one ad litem judges, the Appeals Chamber and may also include the Trial Chamber to deal with the work of the Office of the Prosecutor.
• Specific factual assumptions on responsibility for individual suspects, focusing on the level of leadership
Indicators of achievement
• Effective support for the preparation of the Division and Legal Advisory and Policy Section
The Office plans to increase the second investigation team in June 2004 in June 2004 in the third third.
The importance of tracking and recording assets and the importance of the early monitoring of their use cannot be underestimated.
Such operations need to be needed to ensure regular participation of staff staff in the field offices.
Through a daily liaison and consultation with the United Nations Office for Security and Cooperation in the United Nations, as well as other international organizations, the Chief of Security Service also represented the security interests of the Court at international level.
The objective of the subprogramme is to continue to maintain the international level of the International Criminal Court, in accordance with the initiatives of the International Criminal Court, to provide a good working environment for the purpose of the objectives, objectives and actions of the Organization, and to establish a good environment for the purpose of the development of a suitable public and professional library, as well as the provision of reference services, as well as the provision of reference services to support the activities of the Court through information technology and internal networks.
(viii) To draw attention to the attention of the Secretariat to the Secretariat, as the secretariat considers that any matter should be required;
The Committee considers that the proposed contingency reserve is not a suitable method for providing resources to the Secretariat.
Trust Fund for Victims
Several issues have not been discussed.
I am pleased to inform you, Sir, that my Government has accepted the Agreement on the Privileges and Immunities of the Privileges and Immunities and authorizes me to sign the Agreement in this week.
Discussion by the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Extrabudgetary
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (RB)
85.8 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments, as evidenced by Governments and international organizations to implement Agenda 21, the Global Conference for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Table 36
(d) Convention on the Marking of Plastic Explosives for the Purpose of Detection;
Reaffirming the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits and their respective follow-up reviews,
I would like to point on this issue today.
We call on the abolition of the TRIPS Agreement on Intellectual Property Rights of Indigenous Peoples, adopted by the International Trade Organization.
The Secretary-General has submitted the recommendations submitted in this regard (A/58/586), which will be submitted by the Advisory Committee.
Agenda item 151
Stresses the importance of further strengthening activities undertaken by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to promote and follow up the right to development, including ensuring the effective use of financial resources and human resources required to carry out its mandate, and to better provide services and support to the Working Group on the Right to Development;
External factors
The proposal and objectives of the proposal of the members of the States of the State are explained.
The law severely punished sexual abuse.
However, some girls have been final and completed.
Also, the Government of Bosnia and Herzegovina also has a number of initiatives:
- To change the history of the population, which is not derived from the cultural culture, which will result in the pace of the advancement of women.
As a number of delegations pointed out that the amount of reimbursement for the troop-owned equipment costs in 2002 was significantly higher than the cost of contingent-owned equipment costs, it is because troop-contributing countries could rapidly accurately calculate the number of troops deployed by the troop-contributing countries, and the cost of contingent-owned equipment required more detailed information.
Some of the Advisory Committee's recommendations were expressed that the recommendations of the Fifth Committee and the troop-contributing countries are directly addressed.
The Government of the Republic of Croatia has formally established the obligation of the European Union to adopt a universal legislation for the entire legislation, which would enable the full legal adjustment of gender equality in the legislative provisions of the European Union.
The amendment of the Penal Code of the Republic of the Republic of Croatia on trafficking in persons adopted in 2000 and 2003 is detailed in article 6 of this report.
Source: Central Statistical Office
However, if we consider the number of other resources (local and humanitarian), the number of beneficiaries will be more more more, in accordance with the estimated estimated in 1998 in 1998 to 365,000 (Jukc, 1999 and 2000).
* The Ministry of Health Services, which was held in Zagreb, Zagreb, from the end of 2003, has continued to work in the end of 2003, which was entitled “Women for the protection of reproductive health and the overall health of health”, which is based on training courses, workshops, lectures and seminars.
His delegation firmly rejects the inclusion of the item in the agenda of the Conference because it contravenes the principles of territorial integrity in the Charter.
It was stated that, in accordance with the terms of the original transport instrument, the distinction between the goods of the goods would seem to be obsolete.
One alternative proposal should be to adopt a proposal for the protection of all parties involved in the operation of the Area, including independent subcontractings.
One member of the Security Council noted that the Council should take a decision on the future of the Mission's mandate after the report of the Secretary-General in December 2003.
The report (S/2000/575, S/2001/584, S/2003/664, S/2003/64, S/2003/68) addressed the question of Iraq's return to all Kuwaiti property.
Iraq will continue to return to Kuwait in Kuwait, or to return their remains to return to their families.
The Coordinator hoped that the efforts to identify the whereabouts of the captain's location will continue.
M. R. Mirir Mahah Al Alah Al Alah Al-Hhamari
The Chairman noted that he had considered that the item would be allocated to the General Assembly at its plenary meeting.
Finally, we wish to thank the CTC for the success of further work for the fight against terrorism.
The use of global markets, which contributes to the improvement of the world's global network, has led to the improvement of the development of the global network of terrorism, which has led to a common hatred message, which has led to a common understanding of the common objectives of the global terrorism network, which seeks to achieve a common objective of violence and destruction, and thus to control the common goals of the world and to control the culture of civilization, in particular in a democratic society.
“terrorism is a cause of social disease.
In many cases, post-raising has been delayed since the past budget has been delayed, and it is not possible to continue to postpone delays, and that UNDP has been able to make a significant picture of these positions.
The United Nations Development Group will prepare a plan for the implementation of the Plan of Action in September 2003 to strengthen the effectiveness of the United Nations system in developing countries, as a component of the Secretary-General's reform.
At the same time, the Division has also introduced organizational reforms in monitoring and research of the Division (formerly the Ministry of Urban Development) and the Global Urban Watch Section, which has merged a section to use the name of the latter.
Monitoring functions have been expanded, except in addition to the current number of urban indicators and GIS sites, including the monitoring of urban inequalities.
The theme of development capacity will include analytical methods and communication, advocacy, networking and team building skills.
In 2007, the People's People's People's Democratic Republic of 2007 may also introduce new features.
What challenge is:
Since the National Committee is usually financed as a direct resource fund for other resources, it would be possible to increase the capacity-raising of regular resources and other resources.
In view of the limited level of resources of the Foundation, non-earmarked activities are limited to assisting assistance for the preparation of work, a multiplier impact of multiplier effects and potential activities on the overall development of human settlements.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in collaboration with the Ministry of Education and Education, is based on various programmes, including in collaboration with the Ministry of Education and Education, in coordination programmes, including the participation of women in Mexico, youth and adults.
The Government of the Philippines confirms the failure of the Government to effectively protect the rights and dignity of migrant workers migrant workers, which have not been subjected to illegal practices related to the traditional industry.
In Latin America, in Latin America, the overall trend in the number of female workers in the number of migrant workers was supported by a view to establishing a base-based knowledge for women's causes in the current migration process, so that information should be developed in accordance with decision-making.
The management and documentation of small meetings is an integral part of the core centre and fundamental aspects of the world's entire multilateral institutions (see A/57/37, para.
In consultation with the Department of Action, the Department was working with a view to finding ways to find a methodology and to prepare a timetable for the pre-session documentation for the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
Integration of women's human rights and gender equity
The following table shows that, in the light of the functions set out in article 10 of the Agreement, the sub-establishment of fishing gear in the area of scientific matters, which has not been linked to the establishment of the Inter-American Fisheries Council of the Inter-American Fisheries Council, which has been provided by the Inter-American Advisory Council (CRA) to provide advice to the North-East Atlantic Fisheries Committee, which could be provided by the Inter-American Fisheries Agency, which could be provided by the Inter-American Fisheries Agency.
Effects of the entry into force of the Agreement on or proposed international instruments
For example, at the eleventh session of the Conference of States Parties ( Jakarta), the Secretary-General and V-2-2 will be held.
The Staff Regulations of the International Criminal Court and the resolution of the permanent secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties to the International Criminal Court.
groundwaters related to the surface water of surface water may be the scope of the Convention on the Use of the International Hydrographic of the International Hydrographic.
Reaffirming once again the importance of effective drug control regulations and national policies to reduce drug trafficking and illicit use and their consequences in accordance with the international drug control system,
Iraq stated that, in a timely delivery of goods, it was not available to the goods on 4 July 1990 and “the term of a certificate”, and “the term of credit” was issued on 20 December 1989 and that delivery should be completed within three months.
The Libyan Arab Republic seeks compensation in the amount of USD 872,177, entitled “The provisional subsistence allowance for families”, which covers compensation for employees in North America's employees in North America's invasion and occupation of Kuwait to compensate the necessary costs of the maintenance of their homes.
In the light of the need for the use of a nuclear power for each device, the KNPC has concluded an agreement on the use of a nuclear power for each device, which has been issued by the Gankak Research and the Kankk, which has been transferred to the Kankk Research, which has been transferred to the KNPC in 1975, and to re-establish the operation of the vessel's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and to re-establish the operation of the vessel's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, and to resume the operation of the ship's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, KNPC, in the light of the restoration of the operation of the Kuwaiti liberation.
In the light of the foregoing, the Panel recommends that the amount of USD 758,878 was provided for relief or relief.
In the case of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, it was stated that, prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, it had paid a total of 2,762,660, which is based on the value of US$ 1 per cent of the amount of US$ 1 per cent of the total amount of USD (see S.S. U.A.A.A.
The case relates to the International Foundation of the International Foundation of Solidarity, the International Foundation of the International Foundation, which is located in Bogotá, with the organization of the Committee's list.
This document is submitted in accordance with the above requirements.
At the same time, India reaffirms its commitment to global nuclear disarmament and the commitment of the following policy: non-nuclear-weapon States or non-nuclear-weapon States to nuclear weapons and use of nuclear weapons.
In the same vein, India announced its establishment of its nuclear command institutions, including a political council, as a only institution to approve the use of nuclear weapons.
Since the High Commissioner has since since the High Commissioner, I emphasized this point.
In the case of many countries, there are no poverty in many countries, not in the world's own development, or to the rich countries of the rich countries, or whether they are in the case of the poor's income.
The Court must review its authority to review the fundamental rights of the law under the Basic Law.
(b) Reduce the time for the deployment, rapid deployment and establishment of peacekeeping operations under the authority of the Security Council;
The request was requested to provide professional expertise to monitor, evaluate and advise professional expertise in the design of inspection exercises to facilitate effective oversight of peacekeeping operations.
Some Parties further elaborated that the information provided in the information provided by the media in climate change, as well as the quality of information provided by the media in the context of climate change, “Sweden is not clear to the relationship between international negotiation and domestic commitments” (Sweden), or “the media did not have the role of the media” (Italy).
Sweden stressed that the people must be aware and understand these issues and must be aware of what is needed to address this issue and what they can play in this process.
Public media participation.
The proposed mitigation measures are based on a short-term ($year, medium-term and long-term (20 years).
Enhanced institutional institutions and training programmes financed by donors must be an initial event in this component.
The risk of living-of-life water is likely to result in changes in ecosystem management and species.
(f) The Government of Egypt reported that human rights education are included in the curricula and/or school activities.
The majority of the latter's general observations is that there is no legal obligation or responsibilities, not only in a proper manner, but if they can be defined in an appropriate manner, if they can be defined by the international framework and within the domestic level, whether they can be defined in the form of the rule of law and that some of them are different and important.
Ali Hassan Deputy Special Representative, Minister of Foreign Affairs (16 September);
The Convention applies to all other United Nations activities, such as the United Nations political missions, post-conflict peace-building offices, or humanitarian missions, as provided by the Security Council or the General Assembly (art. 1 (c)).
Other documents
We have continued to continue resettlement activities in the Palestinian land, particularly in the current Palestinian West Bank and in the areas of illegal construction of the illegal construction wall in Jerusalem in the Middle East.
With regard to the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, we would like to reiterate our grave concern about the persistence of violence and excessive use of force caused by the excessive and excessive use of force.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Risk risk.
Therefore, the Syrian Bank's system could not have suspicious transactions.
In some cases, it does not believe: “We do not have to be filled — you do not want to do so — but I do not think — “I?
One of his expertise is one of the expertise of the training camps, and the use of toxic agents.
The scope of the sub-establishment of the sub-war activities is not limited to the small sites of Iraq in Iraq.
We believe that this development is a very important contribution, which will enable the Security Council to make important decisions to make a decision in the world's sense of greater responsibility and aspirations.
I give the floor to the representative of Iraq.
The Economic and Social Council also refers to the protection of their health and development in the form of children with disabilities, or in conformity with the relevant human rights standards: the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Indigenous and transnational corporations should be able to ensure that workers are able to ensure that they are able to secure a minimum standard of living.
Spain, Mr. Antonio Antonio González, President of the Republic of Spain.
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The President of the Commission on Human Rights, at its fifty-ninth session, on the expansion of the Bureau of the Bureau and the Permanent Mission of Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean, the Latin American and Caribbean States, and the Western European Republic, would not be represented by the representative of the African Group.
Meetings of the Committee
They suggested that each treaty body take measures to improve the correct nature of press releases.
President: History
The computerization Division is composed of one Professional and three General Service General Service, responsible for effective application and continued development of information technology.
Mexico therefore requested the Court to declare and declare:
It is only only when the documents of the case and the instruments issued by the instrument are not only issued.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 402, No. 57788.
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Once funding is available to bank systems, even if funds are transferred to the bank, it is likely to be found that if funds are transferred to the bank, if the funds are diverted from illegal purposes such as financing for terrorism.
With regard to the general criteria, the delegation of the United States supported further consideration of the proposed restructuring of the proposed reorganization system and looked forward to the outcome of the Committee's report to the General Assembly on the effectiveness of the effectiveness of the report, which was at the fifty-sixth session of the General Assembly.
This partnership requires mutual responsibility: developing countries' economic and economic reforms in developing countries, in particular through assistance, trade and debt relief.
All of the claimants were in the case of Kuwait prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
In accordance with the methodology set out in paragraphs 2 to 2 of the first “E4” report, the verification and valuation of the claim receivable for the period of the twenty-sixth instalment of claims is not compensable.
Report of the Secretary-General
Taking into account the need to address extreme weather events and their associated natural disasters and disaster reduction,
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a statement of the General Assembly on the World Peace and Non-Violence of the World Conference on Peace and Non-Violence in New Delhi, held in New Delhi on 26 April 2003 (see annex).
Appointment of members of the Credentials Committee.
Taking into account the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993 at the World Conference on Human Rights, and urges all States to ensure the protection of the human rights of all migrant and migrant workers,
The people of Estonia and my predecessor, together with all representatives, expressed deep condolences to the Secretary-General of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Sergio Vieira de Mello and others.
Estonia has acceded to all 12 United Nations counter-terrorism conventions and is actively engaged with many countries and international organizations.
Articles 110, 11 and 140 of the Penal Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina provides for confiscation of criminal activity, including the basis and means of confiscation, and protection of items.
In addition to the organization of the United Nations organizations and international governmental organizations, FAO has also cooperated with many non-governmental organizations, in particular the International Air Transport Association (ITA), the International Federation of International Air Control (ICC), the International Council of International Air Control (ICC) and the International Council of the Red Cross Association (ICC) and the International Council of the Red Cross Association of International Air (IOM), the International Federation of International Transport, the International Federation of International Transport and the International Federation of International Transport (ISO) (ISO).
The English and English is a language of its work, but some of the other forums, including the Conference, are also used in Spanish.
A provision of credit is the case of the debtor or the goods of the goods of the debtor, and it may also be possible to work with the debtor and the goods of the goods, and may be able to increase the possibility of the return of the remaining claims, as well as a value of value-added rates through increasing interest rates.
A number of laws have been adopted in a number of laws, and the insolvency representative has not been able to act in the period of time, leading to the fact that the contract is considered as a result of rejection or non-implementation.
The insolvency representative may be personal, or in certain jurisdictions, may be a corporate or other legal entity.
(ii) Any other matters that may be commissioned by creditors to the insolvency representative or by the court.
As noted above (chap. III, A and B), the insolvency law may wish to refer to the obligation of the debtor and the insolvency representative to provide confidentiality.
(a) Providing advice and assistance to the debtor of the insolvency representative or in the work of the work;
(d) Where appropriate safeguards is appropriate, there is a need for a suspension of the requirements of the legal requirements of the legal provisions of other laws in other laws.
The creditor has failed to submit claims prior to the final report and accounting, as well as other provisions of the insolvency law, which may result in different results.
(b) If the claims set forth in the proceedings are subject to the nature of the claim, such claims are usually attributable to the nature of the claim, which may be subject to a special category in the proceedings of the insolvency proceedings, in accordance with the nature of the claim, in the case of the insolvency proceeding, in the case of the insolvency proceedings (for example, the application of measures, in chapter II, II (a) and 8).
The insolvency proceedings often need to provide assistance to some professionals, such as the insolvency representative and the consultants of the debtor or the insolvency representative.
Priority claims
A number of insolvency laws have taken a general requirement, and the insolvency representative shall convene a member of creditors to be convened by the insolvency representative, following the changes and distribution of the assets.
The threat to a very serious attack also has a normal dimension of the daily life of Israel.
We have not seen any practical steps that Israel has taken.
As members of the Conference on Disarmament in East Asia, I share the views of other members of the Conference, namely all of us all to resolve the problems of East Timor through dialogue and peace.
Calls upon all States to recognize, in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Religion and Belief, in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Religion, the right to freedom of worship or assembly, and the establishment and maintenance of such purpose;
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur receives the necessary resources to enable him to fully perform its mandate;
The revised component of the Programme, including programme 7 and subprogramme 4, sustainable development, and increased a new subprogramme, entitled “Financing for development”.
The General Assembly, in its resolution adopted on the rights of children, continues to emphasize the importance of mainstreaming gender mainstreaming into all policies and programmes relating to children (resolution 57/191).
At the request of the President, copies of statements to the members of the Council are distributed to the Council.
The Secretary-General considers that these credentials are consistent with the provisions.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
The North-South Development Initiative has submitted the United Nations UNDP to submit the first phase of the United Nations UNDP, Namibia, Panama, Venezuela, Mozambique, Ecuador, Argentina, Peru and Botswana.
In the bilateral dispute dispute, States are not allowed to invoke the effective use of local remedies.
His delegation supported the principle of the principle established by the International Court of Justice in the Barcelona Traction case as a key principle for diplomatic protection.
Thirdly, the State practice should be able to determine the grounds for unilateral action or acts of action by States, in particular not only to the effective criteria of the State, in particular but not limited to the criteria applicable to the competence of the organs responsible for action or responsibility, and to modify or withdraw unilateral commitments and conditions.
The Association also works closely with the Association/United Nations Educational, Combat and Peace Organization and the United Nations.
At present, a project is being implemented with support to the United Nations Foundation to strengthen the role of civil society in expanding reproductive health innovation tools.
In the world, a growing number of new cities have been established in Brazil, Canada, Egypt, British, France, Germany, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Korea, Latvia, Mexico, Netherlands, Nigeria, Philippines, Romania, Russian Federation, Switzerland, Russian Federation, Turkey, China and the United States.
Mexico's approach to the prevention of refugees in Guatemala could be a example of a durable solution to refugee problems.
For the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, the Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, Mr. José Antoniocampo, will be held on Thursday, 4 December 2003, from 2.30 a.m. to 2.30 p.m. in the Conference of the General Assembly Hall, and chaired a opening ceremony on the launch of the family.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Alfonso Martínez, President of the Republic of Guatemala
Convention on Tobacco Control, Geneva, 21 May 2003
On this issue, I would like to emphasize the very important role of IAEA in providing technical assistance to Member States, and noting the progress made in enhancing the effectiveness of technical cooperation programmes.
The action plan generated by the Conference would help further confidence-building and ensure that good security records in this regard will continue.
With regard to the implementation of the Counter-Terrorism Action Plan of the Director-General, Mexico supported measures to improve the physical security of all nuclear materials.
However, the staff members of the IAEA are working on these areas and many other areas, so that we are better and secure.
The person of natural persons shall be subject to a personal residence.
(c) Any prejudice to the electronic signature of electronic signatures may be found in the signature; and
The Working Group may wish to note that, in developing the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, the view was expressed that such a definition does not fall from the text of the instrument and the Guide to Enactment.
“The evaluation should be conducted in two phases.
5.8.5.5 The provisions of the provision should be met in order to maintain the use of hazardous wastes in order to maintain the hazardous waste.
“3. States should examine their infrastructure and determine interdependence and interdependence in order to strengthen protection of such facilities.
Reaffirming the need to strengthen the scientific and technological activities of the organizations of the United Nations system and the role of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development in particular to provide policy guidance on issues related to developing countries,
From Wednesday, 3 December 2003, from Wednesday, 3 December 2003, the President of the Security Council, on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Council, introduced the work of the Security Council on the day of the day, but not only on the day of informal consultations.
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/522)
A/C.2/58/L.49 Item 95 -- Implementation of Agenda 21, Programme of Action and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development -- Report of the Vice-Chairman on the draft resolution on the informal consultations held in connection with draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.8, entitled “Water for Life”, 2005-2015 [A C E F R S]
Paragraph 134 shows that young girls have provided their own space for their purpose.
Since the General Assembly's Main Committee had eliminated the meeting of 27 October, the Open-ended Open-Ended Working Group on Commodities could be borne by the current conference allocation resources.
In this regard, we note in particular that the human rights development report in 2003 clearly provides that the situation in sub-Saharan Africa will not be able to achieve universal primary education, in sub-Saharan Africa, with the goal of reaching a universal primary education goal to 11.7 per cent of extreme poverty and to 55 years, which will reduce the mortality of children.
The seriousness of the situation in Africa is a real danger to international peace and security.
This is the understanding of Eritrea's recovery.
Developing producers must overcome a number of obstacles, which can use the market market.
We also hope that the Helsinki Commission will promote the work of the Commission.
The killing of the murder of the Israeli citizens has resulted in three Israeli citizens, and some 47 were injured.
“The complainant found that the complainant has found that it had been subjected to a sustained situation, which is not in the case of the European Convention on 14 June 1955, after the date of the entry into force of the Convention, since the date of which it is a “life life”.
In particular, the Commission on Human Rights and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights often found a violation of the provisions of a provision, and then recommended a package of action, which could be taken into account.
The State party's argument that the admissibility of the State party has not been implemented by the State party, which is the subject of the State party's failure to enforce the State party's jurisdiction, and the Committee considers that the State party's functions should be assigned to other self-government bodies, and that it is under the obligation of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, in accordance with the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination is also related to the lack of discrimination in the market market, discrimination against the use of a person's use, 20 per cent, and the access to public service or use of public services.
Communication No. 17/1988 of the Human Rights Committee, Bokk v. Netherlands, Views on 9 April 1987, A/42/402, annex VIII, sect.
1 For example, on 25 March 1996, the Committee on Human Rights, A/63/402, annex II, sect.
Report of the Secretariat on the world drug situation on drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
The selection of vocational school graduates in university students has been made further training in universities, with a view to providing a training of trainers and to provide cooperative support to abroad.
On 13 May 2003, the Board of Audit of the Audit Tribunal was re-examined by the Audit Tribunal, which was the first case of the Constitutional Council's decision to overthrow the administration of the administration of the administration.
Commentary
Over the past year, the activities of the non-proliferation regime in the past year have led to pressure, and clearly demonstrate the need to strengthen the specific steps to strengthen the system.
A total of $10 million in the programme of contributions and $5 billion in this joint programme is expected to demonstrate the complementarity of capacity-building and borrowing operations, the United Nations and the complementarity between the United Nations and the development agencies.
(a) Sustainable urbanization (policy framework):
HSP/GC/19/2/Add.2
A detailed study on this topic has been raised by Mr. Stephen Morkka, Special Rapporteur.
(d) Cases of conflict;
Bulgaria also signed a memorandum of understanding on the exchange of financial information between Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, Romania, Romania, Poland and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
Since then, the island has no longer been a new central administration of the entire Cyprus as a whole.
The political leaders of the Greek Cypriots have repeatedly referred to such issues, including the principle of resolving the political settlement of the island.
The priorities of the transitional phase include support for consolidation and stability; restoring basic services and infrastructure; the promotion of human rights and local capacity-building; support for refugees and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, the gross domestic product of Djibouti, which was a positive evolution in 2001, was confirmed in 2001, compared to $1.9 per cent in 2001, and the 2004 figure had been transformed into this direction.
Article 24 of article 24 of Law No. 248 of Law No. 24 of the Law of Law No. 24 of the Law of the Law of the General Assembly
The security situation must also continue to be sustained and conducive to the implementation of the Bonn Agreement.
The current arrangement includes the period 2002-2003.
So far, there has been some 300 kilometres of war, which will not stop the Palestinian terrorists from the killing of the Palestinian population.
Germany regrets the recent violent violence between Israel and Palestinians.
The wall has not been built in the Green Line.
This wall has been accompanied by its parallel extension, road and fence.
The European Union has maintained close contacts with the parties concerned and is ready to help to implement the road map.
The Palestinian leadership must take practical steps to demonstrate its commitment to stop terrorist acts.
“The addressee is unable to be able to present the information message to the specific information system. ]
Proposed new proposals
However, in the context of legislative and policy areas, there seems to be no measures to integrate gender perspectives into government policies.
Deeply concerned at the impact of the conflict in Liberia and its impact on the humanitarian situation in the country, including numerous innocent people, and their devastating effects in the region,
The overall theme of the High-level Dialogue is “United Nations Consensus on the implementation of the Monterrey Consensus and the future mandate”.
A draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.5 was reflected in the principle of transparency of weapons of mass destruction, which is only applied to conventional weapons.
The Monterrey Conference has emphasized the importance of strengthening and national, regional and international policies and should coordinate the activities of organizations and organizations responsible for financing for development, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions.
31 March 2003
It is currently under way that the diamond mining advisers, cross-border patrols and airport patrols of the border patrol are currently in order to assist Sierra Leone in these areas.
Children who suffer from their lives are extremely vulnerable, and, in particular, they are able to live back to night, night, lose and sleep.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that, in paragraphs 19 and 20 and in the context of particular priority rights and insolvency concerns.
governing bodies
Decides further that the Working Group should make recommendations on how to address the review of the outcomes of the outcomes of the United Nations and the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields, including the form and periodicity of review, bearing in mind the positive role of all relevant stakeholders in implementing the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits;
Aware that the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the new millennium, including the goals contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration, requires greater coherence and effectiveness,
Meetings of the Security Council to the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The White Paper proposed the United Kingdom citizenship to expand the citizens of overseas territory, and requests the Overseas Territories to amend their local legislation, particularly in relation to human rights and financial services, to achieve international standards.
In 2000, the Government spent $50 million to build the road, most of which were financed by the bank bank and the Caribbean commercial banks.
The General Assembly calls upon States, specialized agencies and non-governmental organizations to contribute to the provision of assistance and scholarships for Palestine refugees in the context of their respective mandates, and invites the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East to continue to provide education to the Palestinian refugees in their respective mandates; the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) as well as the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) as well as the recipients of the grant of grants and scholarships, and to provide eligible candidates to the refugee refugees.
Tunisia welcomed the recent report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the report of the Secretary-General on assistance to third countries affected by sanctions.
The Committee should focus on more few issues, avoiding that resources are linked to the concerns of other United Nations agencies, such as the Security Council Working Group on Sanctions and peacekeeping operations.
(b) Domestic stability system
The protection of those who leave their homes is often difficult because of the fact that the population of the population is often unable to do so, as well as to provide the most basic assistance and protection of the humanitarian crisis and conflicts.
States recognized that they have primary responsibility for ensuring the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons.
The SF seeks to provide a copy of a copy of a contract issued by the Faa, a copy of a contract issued by the company.
Mr. Roshh (Egypt), speaking on behalf of China, Dominica, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, the Sudan, Swaziland and the United Arab Emirates, requested a separate statement on paragraph 3 (b) and 6 (e) of the draft resolution.
He took note of the fact that the President did not apply the fact that he did not apply to the rule of rule 129 of the rules of procedure of the rule of procedure and hoped that his delegation's understanding of the rule of the Rules remains the same as the text of the Office of Legal Affairs.
KFOR continued to provide assistance to international organizations and non-governmental organizations working in Kosovo in Kosovo and to support security assistance in Kosovo.
In this context, India strongly condemns all terrorism and violence.
Decides that the main groups of non-governmental organizations, including non-governmental organizations, shall participate in the meeting under rule 65 of the provisional rules of procedure of the International Conference;
Calls upon the Department of Public Information to provide the Department of Public Information to provide resources available within existing resources to ensure the widest possible dissemination of the goals and objectives of the international conference, including the United Nations Institute for Drugs and Crime, including the relevant groups, States, regional and international media, including the United Nations Population Information Network, to encourage contributions and support to the International Conference and its preparatory process;
Rule 61
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Legal Consultative Organization
The commitments made by Albania, Croatia and Macedonia in accordance with the Charter of the League of Arab States will be more closely in line with the criteria of membership.
However, we still need to mobilize the necessary resources, together with all the declarations adopted in all our aspects, and that those declarations have a great hope in our hearts in our minds.
We re-energizing economic efforts to complement new FDI, official development assistance, transfer of technology and to deepen cooperation with Member States and global civil society.
We are also aware of the fact that the members of the Security Council members of the Iraqi management of Iraq, Mr. Ahtisaari, has been killed in the recent terrorist attacks.
The recent events have proved that the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime have the limitations inherent in the face of the proliferation of the proliferation.
As a result of the vision of the European Union for the European Union of the European Union (EU), it has been extended to the European Union of the European Union, which has led to the expansion of the European Union of Europe.
High-level instruments and actions are a major threat to international peace and security.
“(6) bis bis
Application or choice of choice
Some participants expressed support for the proposal.
The Protocol will enter into force in January 2003.
The database is available through national statistical data (www.d.gov.co).
Rural women
The revised version of the document was submitted to the Security Council on 29 September 2003.
It is also also concerned that we have been able to gather evidence for each suspected suspect.
The President: I now call on the Prosecutor of the Prosecutor to respond to any comments or questions.
Mr. Mirazzz (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that Iran had agreed to the Secretary-General's analysis in his report (A/58/345) and its recommendations on enhancing South-South cooperation and enhancing the awareness of the public and non-South cooperation.
During the reporting period, the Special Rapporteur held numerous contacts between the Permanent Representative of Iraq and the Permanent Mission of Iraq.
In addition, the Hong Kong, the occupied Palestinian territories and the Islamic Republic of Iran have similar institutions.
2 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/58/37).
Provisional agenda for the ninth session of the Commission
On 13 September 2003, the Conference submitted a revised draft text of the Ministerial Ministerial Declaration (ICC) (paras.
Developing countries generally believe that the revised draft was not fully reflected in their interests and concerns.
Significant challenges are to integrate climate change concerns into risk assessment and development.
“1. The penalty of imprisonment for a period of 7 to 15 years after the use of force, threats to the use or use of force, or other cruel or ships.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
Summary
Response.
He welcomed the proposed mandate of the mandate on such measures and the mandate of anti-personnel mines, and announced that it had become one of the sponsors of Denmark and the United States on such mines.
Format
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
This is a good start, but it is not possible to fulfil the commitment of the rule of law, which will require more resources.
Over the past decade, the number of conflicts in the internal conflict has increased significantly, and the nature of armed conflicts has changed.
It would be hoped that, in the preparation of the report, consultations should not be held in the context of the United Nations system, but in the context of relevant institutions and civil society.
In this paragraph, it was also deleted that “in particular attention is related to the emergency emergencies of those groups”.
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, the SBSTA adopted the following conclusions, following a proposal submitted by the Chairman.
The Financial Intelligence Unit signed agreements and memorandums of understanding in order to exchange information on the financial networks of Colombia, Spain and Panama.
• The list and items of the company;
In December, a preliminary discussion on the local leaders of the European Commission and the central leaders of UNMIK and municipalities had been held in December, which began a process for the decentralization of decentralization strategy-building.
A disciplinary code has been implemented and a recruitment policy will soon be approved.
In its report on its forty-sixth session, the Committee endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group for the preparation of a working group to review progress made in the implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III), and endorsed the development of a national report prepared at the next session of the Sub-Commission to focus on the new mechanisms and new initiatives implemented by Member States in response to the recommendations of UNISPACE III.
It has enabled Sweden to receive a direct number of data from the Earth Observation Group to all parts of the European region.
The Group of Latin American and Caribbean States will actively participate in the work and to ensure that the final outcome of the meeting is accepted in the form, in the form and content.
During the meeting held in February and May 2003, the Standing Committee on Mine Demining (OCHA) held two mine-clearance experts held in Geneva and May, in accordance with the outcomes of the two seminars, to prepare the annex to the final report of the Standing Committee.
International test and evaluation programmes: one can contribute to cooperation with participating countries in order to avoid duplication of efforts to prevent duplication of efforts and to develop and evaluate humanitarian mine clearance, systems and means.
(c) To provide all necessary assistance to enable him to implement this resolution and to explore any possibility of the full and effective discharge of its mandate in the process of mediation;
The participation of developing countries in regional trade arrangements and bilateral trade arrangements did not reduce the important role of multilateral systems, so as to achieve a fair system for non-discrimination, which would be no option.
The search for solutions to take into account the practical trade economy in specific countries and assess its identity.
International Telecommunication Union
General Category
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling its decision 14/COP.4 of the Ad Hoc Panel on Early Warning Systems,
Requests the Secretariat to cooperate with the Panel of Experts on Science and Technology, with a view to identifying three representatives from the reports received from the Parties, and to submit a report to the Committee on Science and Technology at its seventh session;
The other major committees of the General Assembly are often able to use this approach.
The Advisory Committee recalls that, in its resolution 56/244 of 27 June 2002, the General Assembly appropriated the amount of $389,919,800 gross ($48,722,000 net) for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003 for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, in addition to the increase in local staff salaries from 1 July 2002 and the estimated cost of $355,000 for local staff in the near-Secretary-General for the daily travel of the United Nations and the Fadi camp.
One of the federal budget of each year has been allocated to protect the safety of chemical weapons and improve such security as an area of international cooperation.
At the same time, the Office of Equal Opportunities has been able to apply a number of procedural procedures that will be used.
(2) Provide skills or specialized technical techniques to terrorist organizations, their instructions or to cooperate with them;
The Chairman said that the phrase “legal law” may be referred to in other laws, and “legal” implied a clear reference to legal law involving the concession contract.
The day of the daily conflict and the long-term impact of civilians have caused socio-economic paralysis and worsened the blockade.
Security Council resolution 1397 (2002) reflects that resolution, which reaffirms the importance of the principle of coexistence between the two countries within the borders of the whole borders.
The destructive policies of these countries and those regimes constitute serious threats, as well as a terrible threat to the illegal nuclear weapons programme, hostile intentions and its repressive regime, without no reason for delegates and the entire world.
According to UNOMIG's assessment, the overall situation in the city's town area is generally calm.
I would now like to address some of the work of the IAEA's focus on the international community.
I are often heard by the donor, and I know what is why we are not known by the donors.
He, Mr. Chen, and frankly, spoke on the fact that the dependence on commodity goods and the transformation of the world's population is mixed.
The above Guidelines aims to provide normative, coherent risk evaluation frameworks to enable Governments to address changes in the threat of the threat of ships and port facilities.
In addition, intensive sub-regional production is also a source of pollution.
In this regard, the Code emphasizes that specific efforts should be made to protect other important impacts of the human rights of those habitats from undermining such habitats from destruction, degradation, pollution and threats to fisheries resources.
It is essential to strengthen flag States' control controls.
See also a comprehensive information material issued on 8 January 2003 issued by the European Commission for Energy and Transport.
He also suggested that the Special Rapporteur should be responsible for clarifying the question in advance.
The Committee recommends that ESCAP should include efforts to promote regional and subregional cooperation in order to promote regional and subregional cooperation, helping to build information on information and experiences and experiences, to mobilize resources;
The Secretariat has revised a country database database based on three criteria used by the system.
The Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights and the fight against poverty will be incorporated into the capacity of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to develop a national action plan.
New York, 12-23 May 2003
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session of the Council.
Recalling also General Assembly resolution 32/162 of 19 December 1977 entitled “International cooperation for international cooperation in the field of human settlements”, in particular section VIII, “Cooperation with the Organization of the United Nations system”,
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the results-based budgeting format, as part of the objectives, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement, in accordance with the objectives, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement.
The Committee also stressed that three subprogrammes should be strengthened in a comprehensive and comprehensive partnership with a comprehensive and comprehensive social-economic initiative in Africa.
The establishment of the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States has led to the establishment of a proposal to stop certain outputs.
It was noted that statistics were one of the areas of potential work.
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should make every effort to promote cooperation between the United Nations and other parts of the United Nations, agencies and specialized agencies and to ensure their policy coherence.
Table 24.13
(c) To read as follows: “(c) the use of information technology for the implementation of other information in the field of sustainable development, including through increased access to information technology, and to use information and dissemination methods, including through increased use of information technology, including the thematic groups of the various groups in the work of the Commission on Sustainable Development in the multi-year programme of work of the Commission on Sustainable Development, and support the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development in all areas of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
The view was expressed that recommendation 3 and 8 appear to be repeated and should be cautious.
It was reported that, in addition to the law of the American States (Colombia) legally recognized the Roma's social discrimination in many parts of the Roma, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia has frequently been subjected to police abuse in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
In providing appropriate and effective remedies, the Committee recommends that the establishment of a independent or tribunal of members of minority members is established.
However, there is a need to develop two measures to consider the difficulties that the international standards of limitations imposed in some countries are difficult.
They also outlined the work of the Office of the High Commissioner, including the work of regional networks of national institutions.
Acceptance of the financial statements of the United Nations peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002;
Working Group
Reiterates its ratification of the 2002 report of the United Nations Mission for Tokelau;
In its resolution 56/219 of 21 December 2001, the General Assembly took note of the strategy of the Strategy, which outlined the overall objective of mine action, and recommended that areas of priority should be given to the international community as a whole for the period 2001-2005.
The three judicial procedures are non-derogable, but complementary and mutually reinforcing can help Rwanda justice and reconciliation.
Such records are equally important for the exercise of legal and regulatory justice.
In accordance with existing legislation, the representative of the ICTY is entitled to give attention to the proceedings and the Tribunal's files, and the evidence of evidence provided by the ICTY may also be directly used for domestic trials.
However, the United Nations has failed to take action on Iraq's issue, without it impossible to stop the bloodshed and, in the first half of the century, the United Nations has failed to resolve the crisis in the Middle East crisis.
The General Assembly's importance of the main decisions and decision-making bodies of the United Nations are to give serious consideration to the recommendations made by the debate.
It was also asked whether we can support the prevention of efforts by such local prevention?
Open-ended informal consultations on the oceans and the law of the sea of the United Nations
The ecosystem approach requires expansion of such functions and processes in the management of the decision.
Invites civil society, the private sector and the private sector to contribute to the participation of the intergovernmental preparatory process in the Summit and to participate actively in the Summit;
In the context of the previous State responsibility, the Commission considered the exhaustion of local remedies in the context of the State's responsibility, as a result of the fact that the judicial judgement, the State practice, the treaty and the judiciary's publications “international general principle”.
According to the right to remedy, the alien may only limit the right of the injured State to the right to be bound by the right to be bound by the right to be bound.
The issue of this topic is also see also C. F. Amas, and local remedies in international law (GDP).
(a) The General Assembly decided to decide to the General Assembly at its current session on the subject of air tickets not used by the General Assembly, in accordance with the principle of the first time, for the participation of delegations in the Economic and Social Council;
Mr. E.E. (Secretariat) said that, as explained in the footnote, alternative wording was intended to address the different ways of the creation of the concession company in the light of the study of the State legislation in many countries.
Following the submission of the Panel's submission, the Committee had a preliminary assessment of these claims in accordance with the Rules.
Although a number of claimants were received, no replies had been made to the above criteria.
Contribution to development at the national level
Recalling also its decision 2001/20 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to include the regular sub-item entitled “Review and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010” under agenda item entitled “Comprehensive and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits”,
The General Assembly authorized the following review that OIOS had focused on the approach taken by the mandate to focus on some administrative areas, which could enhance the production of the Organization.
The European Union has reaffirmed their determination to sign, ratify and implement relevant United Nations conventions against terrorism.
The bill covers the following matters:
18 June 2004
In the Council's resolution to the Group of Experts, the Council referred to other tasks and referred to the work of the Group of Experts on how to enhance the illegal exploitation of natural resources and other forms of wealth in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in particular in the context of the issue of the trade of small arms and light weapons.
Results of dialogue and cooperation with the parties
The fifth parties, despite the opportunity, did not respond to the report of the Group of Experts.
Unless a regional solution has been found, there is no longer-term implementation of these recommendations.
Slovenia has been requested to provide responses to the form of reports by 7 July 2003.
Taking note of the continuing policy guidance of the United Nations summits and summits in the 1990s and the follow-up process of the United Nations and its follow-up process, on the strengthening of policies and programmes to enhance the component of the Centre as part of a comprehensive comprehensive development approach,
The present report is prepared pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1390 (2002).
Mr. Motoc (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions), introducing the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/57/439), noted that the delayed issuance of the report of the reports of the reports and the recommendations of the Board of Auditors remained extremely problematic.
With regard to the question of payment from the Central Emergency Revolving Fund, the European Union agreed with the Committee's view that it was not clear that the status of the humanitarian programme of the humanitarian programme had been provided in 1998.
If it is, please request the Committee to provide available information on the relevant information provided in the list of entities listed in the list.
If so, please provide justification, omissions or return to the number and date.
In our banking and financial systems, any type of financial activity is not authorized in the banking and financial system of other legal entities or natural persons (public, legal or financial).
Expressing its appreciation for the important work of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General in his mandate of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General,
Second regular session 2003
It constitutes a part of the long-term policy of the occupying Power and its subsidiary authorities, as well as the establishment of a long-term policy for the administration of Cyprus, which should be supported by the support of the occupying forces and the Greek Cypriot side of the Turkish Cypriot side.
In different scale, the work of “biological trade” is also designed, and the environment and the environment of trade and biodiversity are being developed.
This means that, as possible as possible as possible as possible to integrate new new knowledge areas related to the development of development issues, (b) the need for flexibility in the design of operational actions in order to adapt to new issues or new models if necessary.
Conclusions and recommendations
The mandate of the Doha Conference meant the international community's common commitment to adjust the WTO and to achieve development.
The General Assembly should actively participate actively in the decision-making process of Member States, and follow-up to their implementation.
These unilateral actions are contrary to international law and the Charter of the United Nations, which have been imposed in international trade and financial relations, hindering the economic and social progress of the affected State.
The Committee asked that three three bienniums lacked a baseline data for measuring performance performance and did not propose the project project.
A number of factors have created such changes.
(t) “private personnel” means any employee, organization, managers or officials of any entity, organization, enterprise or private legal legal, except under the authority of the competent person;
Article 21
(b) In accordance with the basic concept of the legal system of their national legal systems:
(c) In respect of subparagraph (b) above, the predicate offence shall include offences in the scope and scope of the jurisdiction of the State party concerned.
Rule 37
However, the requested State Party may provide assistance in the context of the appropriate decision within its discretion, irrespective of whether the act is a crime of crime under the domestic law of the requesting State Party.
(b) The nature and nature of the investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings, as well as the name and functions of such investigations, prosecution or trial proceedings;
The State party should [ execute] measures to ensure that banking and financial institutions are maintained in a proper period of time.
During the second draft text of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan proposed the following wording:
These delegations expressed the view that the system of implementation of the Convention takes into account the existing regional mechanisms and the possible duplication of unnecessary duplication of unnecessary duplication.
In this context, the growth of all levels of emissions in all sectors for the period 2000-200-2010 (in “the measure” would be included in the waste management.
Note: A note of the State Code, please be found in annex.
These rates include the remuneration and office costs of lawyers.
One of the final three-year payment payments, which would be used at the time of the period of time after the commencement of the trial period would be used in the last time of time.
I have the honour to transmit to you, in the light of your understanding.
If an organization is recognized, its assets confiscated and transferred to the State.
So far, the Foreign Ministers of several countries have expressed their support to the joint statement.
In accordance with article 23 of the Convention, young people living with disabilities are equal to the highest enjoyment of the highest attainable attainable standard of physical and mental health.
Agenda
Definition of forest-related definitions
The preparation of the present report shows that, despite a better practical and cost-effective cost-effectiveness, cooperation between developing countries has been very broad, but most of which are not institutional policy guidance.
Many Governments have waived a uniform concept of the prevalence of the Buenos Aires Conference.
Both African countries have expressed their political conflict and lack of financial resources as a major obstacle to expanding South-South cooperation.
The United Nations Office on the Field Service of UNDP has expanded, and the main partners are working with key partners to provide advisory services to the programme countries.
It would be possible to address the efforts of terrorists to deal with terrorist activities, as well as to ensure that terrorists are engaged in terrorist activities (for example, to prevent the entry-called counter-terrorism and protocols of terrorism” (e.g. to accelerate the entry into force of counter-terrorism conventions and protocols, and to strengthen terrorists' entry into force of law enforcement agencies, as well as the strengthening of law enforcement agencies, as well as the strengthening of law enforcement agencies, as well as the strengthening of law enforcement agencies, as well as the strengthening of the fight against terrorism (e.g. strengthening domestic security measures, to improve the management and impact of crisis management and consequences).
The development of development must be an integral part of international investment agreements in support of national policies to attract more foreign direct investment and more benefits.
Non-governmental organizations have organized a national survey to improve the image of women and eliminate stereotypes.
Ms. Popescu and Rruen said she would like to know whether she would appreciate the status of indigenous women in Ecuador.
In addition, the Committee would also wish to know the training of youth training and to reduce girls' access to school in school.
The construction of the wall is a unilateral act, which is inconsistent with the road map, as it enables a viable, sustained Palestinian State.
Institutional capacity-building.
First session (Part and second)
The Hague and H.C., in Amman, Amman, in Amman, Brazil, 1976.
Letter dated 7 November 2002 from the Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, I wish to inform the United Nations Legal Counsel of the United Nations for the nomination of the Secretary-General of the United Nations, the United Kingdom and the Director of the United Kingdom (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland) and Mr. Peter Kocker, to the members of the General Assembly and the Committee on Budget and Finance of the International Criminal Court.
Field partners, Malawi, North-South International Accounting Corporation
Convinced of the urgent need to combat organized crime and all forms of terrorism, in this regard, to strengthen international cooperation and technical assistance;
For example, port countries have lack of adequate funding for the private sector's private sector ( Tanzania, Mozambique and Djibouti) and the implementation of structural adjustment programmes.
Minister of Defence
The Chairman said that draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.47 was submitted on the basis of informal consultations on the basis of informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.21 by the Vice-Chairman of the Vice-Chairman of the Committee (Sweden).
Contents
Portugal supported the statement made by the representative of the European Union and agreed with the wording of articles 1 and 3.
Financial contract and net results
Such a termination and derogation of the loss of a risk of risk to the risk of risk, or the termination of those contracts, is then after commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Department of Justice, in particular the maps and forensic reports of the Office of the High Commissioner for Truth and Reconciliation, had agreed to facilitate the sharing of documents between the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court.
(a) To develop administrative policies, procedures and procedures to promote efficient, efficient and effective functioning of the system of administration of justice, including through prompt action, as appropriate, to address the complaints of staff members;
At its 2nd meeting, on 4 March 2003, the Committee considered agenda item 4 (b).
(Programme 24 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005)
The present report is submitted in the present report.
There are currently two prominent human rights activists, who were accused of the war.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Stresses the importance of the follow-up to the implementation of the Programme of Action of the Programme of Action on the follow-up to the human rights of human rights, which is an important factor in managing migration flows, consolidating democracy and the realization of the rule of law and stability;
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on progress made in the implementation of the Programme of Action;
Requests ECOWAS to report to the Committee on the Implementation of the Declaration on the Use of Small Weapons and Light Weapons in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 17 and paragraphs 10 and 17 of the present resolution, in particular those referred to in the preamble to the present resolution, to report on the implementation of the Declaration of the Committee on Small Arms and Light Weapons;
Joint Meeting of UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP
Some of the countries have participated in some specific aspects of the debate: Benin participated in the simplification and harmonization of the debate, Malawi participated in the debate on HIV/AIDS, Nepal, in the context of the Millennium Development Goals.
Violations of human rights violations in the occupied Arab territories, including Palestine
The Committee held a formal meeting (two fifth meeting), which was also held in the course of 2003 and a number of meetings had been held in 2003.
The Panel has not failed to establish any direct link between the current situation in Liberia.
Many witnesses reported to the Panel that many individuals could violate the prohibition because they have a number of residence permits for a multinational nationality or other countries.
Some weaknesses have been identified in the evaluation of project effectiveness.
In accordance with global standards and promotion of the rights of Nigeria and women.
3 p.m. 65th plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
Please also provide information on the situation of ethnic groups in the Niger.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit a updated report on how to address the outstanding reports of Member States in the context of the mandate of Member States, as well as to the Member States of the United Nations peacekeeping operations, in accordance with the relevant report;
Noting with satisfaction that the normative management programme of the Inter-Agency Working Group on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, the International Labour Organization and the Organization for Economic and Social Affairs, is a draft, a draft, a draft, a draft resolution on the issue of global harmonization of global uniform systems,
Cessation of nuclear arms race and nuclear disarmament.
We therefore support our full support.
More efforts must be made to identify what acts of terrorist acts are the cause of fanaticism or evil, which is the result of political or economic injustice.
The President (spoke in French): I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Luis Robinson, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
China is one of the victims of terrorism.
This principle is more profound when the world faces more dangerous problems.
How can we do this?
However, there is a number of issues that could not cause the attention of a simple observation.
Another threat to international peace and security — you is equally able to rectify our evaluation — which is the phenomenon of vertical proliferation.
Group of 77 (on the ambassadorial level)
As a result of the few minutes made by Mr. Mohamed Bennouna, this arrangement guarantees the success of the President's responsibilities and to ensure the effective functioning of the General Assembly.
These concerns relate to the implementation of the land law; forestry and agricultural concessions are insufficient to secure the poor; some of them have been compensated in the construction of road-building projects; and the return of displaced persons to the streets and the poor.
This fact, which is expected to focus on the need to address vulnerability and risk analysis, reflecting the need for emergency response to disaster relief.
Agreement on Extradition sentenced to the Law of the Russian Federation on Extradition in the Russian Federation (No. 18 of 18 May 1995).
The following acts have resulted in the death and other serious consequences of the personnel, which shall be sentenced to 10 to 25 years.
The following acts are:
A/58/7/Add.13; Final text, see Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 77.
What we do the Director-General of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) and the Director-General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) informed us?
This resolution, as a result of a threat to the threat of mass force and the adoption of Security Council resolution 1441 (2002), is the last opportunity for the Government of Iraq to make a number of progress in this endeavour, and in the context of the unconditional and active cooperation of inspectors in the course of disarmament, in which some progress has been made in cooperation in this endeavour, but still far to the extent of “dall, immediate and active”.
What is the meaning of the right to health?
Third type of disease - severe neglect of diseases - a few-ranging study and development in the rich countries, essentially on commercial-based research and development.
Global counter-terrorism standards.
Promotion and promotion of the use of the Counter-Terrorism Committee has been prepared by the Counter-Terrorism Committee to focus on “terrorist information and assistance resources”.
Main conclusions
A detailed study on adult sexual mutilation is conducted in 2002.
A question of the existing practice of existing practices for the use of a bill on the use of a bill of lading and a bill of lading, such as the Russian Federation, was raised.
The general comment was also made that the wording of chapter 8 of the draft instrument was intended to use the term “electronic transport or electronic record” in order to highlight differences between transport documents and electronic records, rather than the intention of the Working Group's mandate to focus on the content of documents.
The view was expressed that paragraph 2.2 of the draft article had been expressed with the same concern that the text of the draft article should indicate that the title of any rights under the contract of carriage should be included in the liability of any person under the contract of carriage.
It was further noted that the draft instrument should be dealt with in accordance with the methodology submitted by Sweden, such as other aspects of conflict between the draft instrument and other transport conventions, such as the question of compensation and damage to the loss of compensation (see paras. 258 and 26 to 26).
I have the honour to remind the delegations and observers of the Permanent Mission, on Monday, 21 September 2003, at 8 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica (29 September 2003)1
These activities reflect the importance of procurement systems for the economy of the national economy and also highlighted the need to coordinate efforts to coordinate international institutions in the field of procurement.
In accordance with the conclusions of the SBSTA, the Secretariat will use such information as a means of facilitating further methodological work on the quality of data on the quality of data reporting, and support the work of the expert group on GHG inventories.
Action: The SBSTA invited the SBSTA to consider information provided in the document and provide guidance to Parties and the Secretariat.
In addition, the authorities also requested all airfields to return from the North.
FAO and non-governmental organizations support the reporting of livestock and livestock programmes;
The Department of Public Information, entitled “United Nations Declaration on decolonization”, was prepared by the Department of Political Affairs of the Department of Political Affairs in 2001, which is a major focus on the role of individuals and organizations of the Non-Self-Governing Territories, which focused mainly on the role of the United Nations in the role of the Non-Self-Governing Territories, the work of the Special Committee, the work of the Special Committee, the Commission on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, the status of the status of the Territory and the assistance of the Territories.
Mr. Mselle (Cuba) noted with satisfaction the comprehensive overview of the press release of the Department of Public Information on the Caribbean Regional Seminar on the Caribbean Regional Seminar, with a view to bringing the Parliament on the basis of press releases.
In accordance with the provisions of the Swiss law, it is entirely reasonable to freeze the assets of suspected individuals and entities associated with Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or the Taliban.
If changes are changed in the annex to the Act, EVV system will be immediately modified.
A study is being studied to provide assistance to other States to assist them in the possibility of the measures set out in the relevant United Nations resolutions.
Potential mechanisms
9.9 In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/263, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/263, the recommendations of the regular budget component of the Office of the High Commissioner will be included in the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (administrative administration, Nairobi).
(iii) Exhibits, guided tours, lectures: exhibition and graphic, film materials and services (1); and the conduct of documents and collective visits (1);
However, the success of the success of the Monterrey Consensus is largely dependent on whether there is a need for global partnerships.
At present, we must commit ourselves to the spirit of partnership between the poor and the rich and the rich countries in Monterrey.
Review of human settlements policy.
Commercial fraud may undermine commercial credibility and undermine industrial, regional, international banks, financial markets, financial markets, international commercial law documents, international trade and the stability of the country.
Cooperation with criminal law enforcement and regulatory sectors should be encouraged, but the business and corporate law can play an important role in preventing and preventing commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal also has a similar authority in the application of the legal regime of arbitral proceedings.
The Internet and computer technologies not only increase the implementation of traditional crime (e.g. theft, looting of intellectual property, violations of property, software and other crime, and, in addition to the attacks on the key infrastructure (for example, utilities, energy, transport and communication), also increasing the threat of business and government threats.
• To ensure that all measures to be taken by all parties are applied to the peaceful entry of outer space, it is possible to avoid the release of debris at the same time;
They have repeatedly emphasized that economic exclusion, poverty and social exclusion is a cause of frustration and the cause of new conflicts, which is a cause of increasing international inequality, without prejudice to international inequalities, democracy, stability, security and peace.
They reiterated its conviction that the members of the Non-Aligned Movement should endeavour to seek a universal, unconditional and legally binding instrument on security assurances in the context of a comprehensive elimination of nuclear weapons without a comprehensive elimination of nuclear weapons.
The State heads of State or Government are fully opposed to the conditions and pretexts of these issues, which have imposed access to markets in developing countries, or to limit assistance and technical assistance to developing countries and to link with multilateral trade negotiations.
The Financial Market Council also has similar measures to share the stock of trade companies.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, we should continue to take a number of restrictive ballots.
I would be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the fifty-fifth session under agenda item 11 of the Commission on Human Rights.
To this end, a independent or tribunal court should be established to ensure that the rights of minorities violated the rights of a minority.
Bearing in mind that every State party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights must ensure that all individuals in their territory and their jurisdiction enjoy their rights under the Covenant,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. IV, para.
Some 50 million will be used for civilian staff training, which amounted to approximately $5 million for peacekeeping operations.
In fact, all commercial banks and financial institutions in Thailand have been guided by the guidelines to be issued to Thailand's bank reports.
Addressing violence against women is an essential component of the fight against HIV/AIDS.
(b) To conduct campaigns and to promote the participation of the media and eminent persons, as well as a good example of the role of men, to enable men to participate in HIV/AIDS care and support activities;
Notes
Ibid.
UNFPA helped to develop a national population policy and update the census data, which is crucial to the preparation of the plan and better understanding of social and demographic issues.
In the World Bank, the Advisory Group met with the Deputy Director-General of the Central African Republic and the Director-General of the Regional Bureau of the African region, Mr. C. B. B.-Schilling, and the National Minister of Migration and the World Bank of Guinea-Bissau, Mr. Marmond Andlee.
- Act No. 70-209 of 20 March 1970 on the implementation of the Financial Regulations of 1970;
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith the letter dated 15 January 2003 from Saudi Arabia to the President of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (see annex).
Subsequently, the Advisory Group has expressed support for the support of the Advisory Group for development assistance to Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Regional preparatory preparatory meeting of the CRIC
The first discussion of the UNCCD's implementation of the UNCCD was discussed by all affected parties.
At the first session of the CRIC, the Working Group held in Rome, Italy, in November 2002, aimed at providing an analysis of the results and recommendations of the questionnaire on the needs and proposals of national cooperation in the area of regional cooperation.
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council adopted the recommendations of Ambassador Amorim Ambassador on the implementation of the settlement of armaments under the framework of the enhanced monitoring and verification mechanism.
Some representatives commended the present report of the Executive Director of the Executive Director, demonstrating their support for the proposed approach to the proposed programme of work.
The Committee will take into account the item on Tuesday, 8 April 2003, from Tuesday, 11 April 2003, from Friday, 11 April 2003, to consider the item and review of the draft resolution.
Ensuring the safety of information contained in information and telecommunications systems for ensuring security security, national sovereignty and national sovereignty, and stability, as a major factor.
Decides to establish the United Nations Mission Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (UNOCI) for a period of six months, with a view to promoting the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement, in accordance with the options set out in the Secretary-General's report (b) and in accordance with the options submitted by the Secretary-General (b), including a military component with the actions of France and ECOWAS forces;
In accordance with resolution 1460 (2003), the requirements for recruitment or use of children to all parties to the Convention, in accordance with the provisions of resolution 1460 (2003), calls for the immediate cessation of recruitment or use of children;
Mr. Al-moon, Secretary-General of the Conference of the United Nations, Mr. Kofi Annan, made a strong support to our initiative, Mr. Kofi Annan, for his strong support to our initiative, and that we are very much encouraged when we will have a formal launch of this proposal.
“In the report of the annual session of 2001, I have a paradox.
Children remain the main victims of conflict.
In 1999, my Special Representative has been committed from the RUF to allow and release the abduction and release of abducted children and children in humanitarian purposes, while civil defence forces have also been able to recruit child soldiers and their commitment.
In its resolution 1460 (2003), the Council supported the call for “Implementing” and calls for a specific proposal for monitoring and reporting.
The situation in Somalia
Since the cessation of hostilities in Iraq, there has been difficulties.
For Japan, my country will actively ensure that the United Nations is able to fulfil its primary responsibilities, so that it can find a way to meet the challenges faced by the international community.
It is a question of disarmament and non-proliferation.
In paragraph 6 of its decision 9/4, the Council identified that the claimant's claim for a reasonable measure to be taken by the Committee is to take reasonable steps to mitigate the loss of loss of loss that would be reasonable to the loss of loss”.
At the broader level, significant progress has been made in strengthening the United Nations military personnel, civilian police and civilian and civilian personnel, as well as the procurement and management of the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy.
The education is another major consideration, because poor households usually have equal education opportunities or no opportunities in some cases.
If migrants do not meet their time, the social welfare requirement may jeopardize the rights of migrants and to continue their families to continue their rights in host countries.
In the past few years, migration erosion has eroded the interaction between the peoples of indigenous peoples in the years, and the relationship with traditional areas.
In some countries of Latin America and the Caribbean, the majority of older persons are considered to be particularly vulnerable as a result of the fact that many people have been unable to leave their homes after the age of the labour market.
This legal framework is often not to protect traditional knowledge and cultural heritage of indigenous peoples, as indigenous peoples stressed the common ownership of their full resources.
The lack of consistency between policy policy and international cooperation is alarming.
Recalling further its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the comprehensive and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Taking into account:
International Association for Development and Research
As explained in the note verbale of the present report, the Council will be able to consider the issue of the claim for the consideration of the claims.
In the case of a claim, the claim seeks compensation for the payment of the goods covered by Iraq's goods in accordance with the sale of the goods acquired by a State or a third State.
/ E2(3) report, paragraph 82 (citing E2(2) report, paras.
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit to you a document dated 30 April 2003 from the International Court of Justice to the United Nations addressed to the President of the International Court of Justice on the technical expert of El Salvador, El Salvador, to be issued as a document of the Security Council.
UNHCR assisted refugees, especially women and women in the family of women and girls, which constitute a major vulnerable group.
See http://www.unff.org/project programme/ww/w.htm.
UNCTAD could play an important role in promoting the consensus on the multilateral trading system, to identify the development of trade and development issues in South-South areas, to help developing countries to develop and develop national trade policies for multilateral trade negotiations and developing countries.
The specific application of these provisions should be given to the complex and detailed details of the request in each specific case, if it is not possible to meet the established deadlines, which would be agreed with the parties to address the schedule.
The largest trade partners of Samoa is the United States, followed by New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Kuwait, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine: draft resolution A/C.4/58/L.9/Rev.1
The security wall has caused serious human rights issues.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly found that new settlements remained construction, and existing settlements continue to expand.
Revised supplementary report submitted by the Government of the Republic of Moldova to the Counter-Terrorism Committee of the Security Council on 11 July 2003 to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC)
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. Cunabarar (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation would like to point out that, in the context of the adoption of the draft resolution on the strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations, we have not yet been able to take into account the concept of the draft resolution in the framework of the Organization's work, as well as the establishment of the principles of the principles of the General Assembly resolution 46/18 of 19 December 1991 on the basis of the Organization's work, which could be open to the opening of the General Assembly resolution 46/18 of 19 December 1991, which referred to the important issues of humanitarian assistance and the principles of the Charter of the United Nations.
The General Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 40.
Paragraph 3 to 8 includes the comments made by the Tribunal on the “engineering strategy”.
Table 6 (a) of the report provides an increase of $1,31.2 million in income.
However, the main purpose of verification should not be forgotten.
The President: There were 15 votes in favour.
We know the establishment of the Treaty on Ballistic-Ballistic Missile Treaty as a cornerstone of international security.
In the absence of terrorist acts and acts of terrorist acts that are not being taken by the major groups or individuals, States should also exercise their legitimate right to self-defence, which unilateral acts may be a global and irreversible war, as many innocent civilians may die in this war.
It would be possible to avoid the most important issue of the definition of this law, which can only be counterproductive.
In the recent country elections, the Government's outreach campaign has encouraged the voters to vote against women.
In Ghana, the close relationship between the Millennium Development Goals and the PRSP (PRSPs) is a major feature of the first Millennium Development Goal Report of the country.
Since the country participated in the chemical-based project of the Inter-American Committee on Drug Abuse in the Americas, it has been assisted by the Legal Counsel of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP).
Within the framework of this framework, the Executive Board requested the Executive Board to approve the establishment of a fund for health-care insurance.
The Conference heard the comprehensive presentation of the report of the country assessment report and the summary of the report on the implementation of the report, understanding the achievements of the Caribbean region in achieving sustainable development, and the challenges faced in the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action, as well as emerging issues.
The Conference was informed that some research studies were conducted in the fields of biological, biological and medical fields.
Rule 12
The region has already addressed measures to deal with law enforcement issues in the South Pacific Forum.
The objective should be to build a management mechanism with regard to the activities of the prospecting of prospecting, as well as better awareness of resources and their impact.
Item 42 of the provisional agenda*
The initial report of the Special Rapporteur on the follow-up to the special session of the Special Rapporteur on the follow-up to the Special Session on Children, since May 2002, highlights the actions taken in the four main areas, and calls for further efforts to achieve “A world fit for children”.
They were also prepared to send a statement to the Government, non-governmental organizations and civil society organizations in the region, and urged them to support children and young people.
Noting the growing recognition of the international community's growing recognition of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as the negative impact of the rule of law and democracy,
Report of the Board of the United Nations
Stressing the interim nature of UNIFIL,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
Personnel provided by Governments and other entities (continued)
Recalling further its resolution 561 of 12 September 2001 and 57/27 of 19 November 2002, in which the General Assembly strongly condemned the terrorist acts of the heinous acts of terrorist acts, and recalling international cooperation in the prevention and eradication of terrorist acts, and recalling international cooperation in the prevention and eradication of terrorist acts, and recalling the Security Council, in its resolution 1465 (2003) of 13 February 2003, in which it condemned the attacks on the bombing of the explosion in Bogotá on 7 February 2003,
New York, 9-13 June 2003
Post-conflict work has become a key element of the global activities of UNDP and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF).
The decision was decided by the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General for the inclusion of items allocated to the Fifth Committee by the Fifth Committee.
Fifty-fifth session
The United Nations Convention on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination contains a sustainable capacity on biodiversity.
The new biotechnology can complement these forms of technologies and improve the effectiveness of these alternatives.
The financial sovereignty of the Cayman Islands will be expected to be addressed by the two months.
All nuclear-weapon States, as soon as possible, will contribute to the eventual elimination of their nuclear weapons process as soon as possible.
The social dimension of the protection of human rights requires all refugees, groups and communities themselves to become a means of behaviour and participate in all stages of planning and decision-making.
It will review a more strategic use of resettlement and resettlement issues within the framework of the Convention and the work of the country's cooperation with the countries in the framework of “special agreements”.
However, it does not apply to the fact that a person who is a threat to security constitutes a refugee or a person who is lawful for a serious offence.
Encourages parents and legal guardians to make every effort to ensure that the education of their children is:
In many parts of the world, in many parts of the world, several regions of the former Soviet Union, the former Yugoslavia and Asia, Africa and South America have attacked numerous ethnic and religious violence.
S-19/2 Further implementation of Agenda 21
The health services of Nepal is based on a comprehensive primary health and medical treatment system.
Moreover, new action is also being taken in the area of health.
For example, at the level of policy, the Senior Administrative Service of the Senior Women (Table 1).
The number of schools and students at all levels has steadily increased (Table 5).
The net enrolment rate of female students in the primary school (11-7 years) is to 26.2 per cent, and the number of children who have been deprived of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age of the age.
Elimination of the National Programme of Gender Development Programme (Mector, Children and Social Hunger) 2001: Gender Equality Service to Faston and Land in Central Services Services, K.C.
Unfortunately, in the wake of the occupation, bloodshed and the contempt of the international legitimacy, the representative of Israel has not been aware of the fact that the road of peace is not in the country's implementation of the resolutions of the Security Council and the Security Council on the same issue, and almost six of them on the same issue of the same question, and all those resolutions continue to be a mere part of Israel's contempt of international law.
We are also not able to re-evaluate our policies.
The United Nations has been fully supported by the efforts of the United Nations to stabilize stability, democracy and reconstruction, and I also commend the United Nations staff's courageous and personal work.
The United Nations should be able to seize this opportunity, not through a objective and reasonable implementation of a programme, rather than through the adoption of a large army or sea, or not through a large number of military forces.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Council calls upon all States members of the Authority to contribute to the trust fund contributions and other other aspects.
In this regard, my delegation would like to emphasize the importance of the Secretary-General's report (A/57/184), which has been very important, and it is clear that these measures have not yet been able to prevent the negative impact of the epidemic, despite the measures taken so far to prevent the negative impact of the epidemic.
The report was currently being submitted to the Committee on the progress made by the Committee on the Information of Statistics and Statistics of the Institute of Statistics (E/CN.3/2004/11), and the progress report of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Statistics in International Trade Services (www.
In accordance with rule 9 of the rules of procedure, the Committee will have before it the draft provisional agenda for its forty-third session and to submit a list of documents for its consideration.
This initiative has created a model model for other countries of the world and should be supported by the new Government.
(o) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur on the right to food (A/58/300)
The representative of Burundi, in writing and orally notes, referred to the persistence of a terrible war in the country since 1993.
The Central African Republic stated in writing and orally notes that its serious economic and social problems had been attributed to the question of internal conflicts and continuing security.
The meeting was called to order at 3.05 p.m.
The United States intends to work actively in the Fifth Committee to ensure that this draft resolution would not be additional budget.
3.3 Innovative approaches to TCDC and OECD funding (including donor Governments, triangular arrangements) and other sources of sources.
Fifty-eighth session
Paragraphs Page
(o) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas;
(c) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions [P.11]:
(a) To develop effective national legislation, policies and action plans and strengthen the relevant agencies of the child, including the appointment of the Ministers of Ministers for Children and the establishment of independent commissioners for the promotion of children's rights;
See resolution 55/2.
It was alleged to help avoid a more visible issue of e-commerce, without prejudice to the important objective of the draft article.
The Working Group took note of the proposal on the draft resolution and agreed that it could be considered later.
As a result, the civil society and the private sector fully supported the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD), which has contributed additional benefits to many countries, which are deepening their commitment to the values and practices of NEPAD.
Angola is ready to continue to participate in regional and subregional programmes, such as linkages projects, to improve African countries' ability to respond to challenges facing the challenges facing NEPAD.
As part of a better management and strengthening of monitoring and evaluation systems, CPC has more focused on performance performance, ensuring that the Organization will work towards the right direction and strengthen its role in this regard.
We have not seen progress, and it is seen as a result of a peaceful settlement of the peace and withdrawal of negotiations.
Strengthening capacity of Sierra Leone police
Each of the plans of the plan is in the light of numerous times, careful and comprehensive results.
This would allow a renewed, unrestricted commercial environment, which have a serious impact on confidence confidence.
33 Turks and Caicos Islands, 13-26 January 2001.
Support for the proposal under this paragraph are expressed.
I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate the efforts of the people of Côte d'Ivoire to thank Secretary-General Kofi Annan for the tireless work of the world in the Middle East and to restore the peace of Côte d'Ivoire in order to restore the peace of Côte d'Ivoire and to make every effort to provide their personal and the support of the Organization.
We join the United Nations Convention on the Prohibition of All Conventional Weapons and Members of Terrorism.
The Kosovo Parliament adopted the law on 13 March.
(g) Conscientious object of conscientious objection 13 - 40 4
Noting that progress has been made despite progress, however,
Welcoming the proclamation by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/6 of the Global Agenda for Dialogue among Civilizations and invites States, organizations and agencies of the United Nations system and agencies to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action contained in the resolution, as well as other international and regional organizations and civil society, in the implementation of the resolution,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session, in response to his mandate, to submit a interim report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session, to be submitted to the Commission at its sixtieth session, and to include in the present addendum all replies to Governments in the official languages of the United Nations;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to organize a consultative meeting on the basis of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in cooperation with the relevant Government, with a view to completing the provisions of the draft principles and guidelines for the protection of human rights and international humanitarian law, as appropriate, in order to complete the views of the President of the President of the President of the President of the President of the Conference, as well as the report of the Chairperson-Rapporteur on the basis of the first consultations, as well as in consultation with the independent expert, in consultation with the independent expert, in consultation with the independent expert, in consultation with the independent expert;
Notes with satisfaction the progress made by many countries of the world in building a democratic society to better achieve civil rights, political rights, economic power, social rights and cultural rights;
Takes note with interest of the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on human rights and mass exoduses (E/CN.4/2003/84);
Welcomes the commitment of the High Commissioner to the General Assembly at its sixty-first session, in accordance with paragraph 5 of resolution 2002/76, to explore the practical methods and activities of the effective strengthening of human rights practices in the country at the national level, and to review and enrich the information and experience gained in accordance with paragraph 3 of the Committee, in accordance with paragraph 3 of the Committee's resolution 2001/72 and in accordance with paragraph 4 of resolution 2001/7;
Reaffirms the importance of peace, security, stability and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including development rights, and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including development rights and respect for cultural diversity, to achieve sustainable development and ensuring the benefits of sustainable development;
Decides to continue its consideration of this question at its sixtieth session under the same agenda item.
Expressing satisfaction that the people of Somalia, in spite of the difficulties faced by various difficulties, are still the relative peace and stability, and the basic services,
2003/1 Prevention of human rights violations caused by small arms and light weapons and abuse
Legislative authority: Commission resolutions 2002/28, 2002/306, 2003/66, 2002/226, 2002/226, 2003/226, 2003/226, 2003/226, 2003/228, 2003/228, 2003/44.
At its 63th meeting, on 25 April 2003, the Committee considered the draft report on the work of the fifty-ninth session of the General Assembly.
Question of the death penalty (resolution 2003/67) 2
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003/64) 26
Strengthening the work of the Committee (decision 2003/101) 301
We commit ourselves to efforts to mitigate the current marginalization and to achieve the development of developing countries into the global economy.
The cost of pre-deployment costs under existing methods will be retained.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration adopted by the World Food Summit, held in Rome, Rome, from 10 to 13 June 2002,
Accordingly, the Committee expects a substantial savings during the current period.
Nevertheless, it remains a great opportunity for the international community to identify a comprehensive issue of sustainability in the World Summit on Sustainable Development at the World Summit on Sustainable Development, in the Monterrey Consensus of Mexico, in the Monterrey Consensus of Mexico, as well as international cooperation and international cooperation.
Invites donor countries, international financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, to provide financial support and expertise within the implementation of the regional seas programme within the context of existing resources;
Recognizing also that programmes at the regional and subregional levels require greater transparency and predictability in funding and technical support,
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
Stressing that the United Nations Conference on Human Rights agreed to the international community to make every effort to mitigate the debt burden of developing countries in order to enable the Government of the States of the developing countries to make a comprehensive achievement of the economic, social and cultural rights of those countries,
Also recognizes the full enjoyment and protection of the full enjoyment of the right to cultural and cultural rights for all and to promote a culture of cultural diversity in the process of globalization;
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a annual report to the Committee on its activities under its terms of reference and to submit a medium-term report to the General Assembly;
(b) The Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific: Economic and Social Council for Europe; Economic Commission for Europe; Economic Commission for Europe; Economic Commission for Europe; Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific; ESCAP; United Nations Conference on Drugs and Crime; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Human Settlements Programme; United Nations Human Settlements Programme; United Nations Human Settlements Programme; United Nations Development Programme; United Nations Office at Geneva; United Nations Office on Drugs and Development; United Nations Human Settlements Programme; United Nations Office on Drugs and Development; United Nations Human Settlements Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Environment Programme; United
Bulgaria believes that the report of article VI of the Final Document referred to in paragraph 12 of the Final Document of 2000 is a key confidence-building measure in the promotion of transparency in the current NPT regime.
On the question of Palestine refugees, the international community is the responsibility of the international community, and it believes that UNRWA should continue to provide their services until their status.
Replace: “five.56” and “five.5”
On 26 to 28 March 2003, the Supreme Court of the Supreme Court announced that six persons were sentenced to a life of a person who had been sentenced to a accused of a accused, and that the six months of detention for the one of the accused would be implemented in six months.
The provisions of the labour legislation protects children.
Requests the Secretary-General to designate the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime as the secretariat of the Convention of the Parties to the Convention and to guide the Conference of the Parties to the Convention;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Taking note of the draft articles and understanding adopted by the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continued to liaise with the United Nations field offices and OHCHR field offices in the field of human rights mandate, to use their unique status on ground-based status, to improve the flow of information related to disappearances.
During the reporting period, the Secretariat of the Working Group had not been able to send information on outstanding cases of outstanding cases in accordance with its working methods.
It is alleged that the disappearance of missing cases and the general powers of the public security force, in particular the terrorist and separatism Act, and the Public Civil Service Act, have been allowed to take preventive detention and long-term detention, as well as many other normal safeguards provided under criminal law.
The Bureau is planning to discuss the matter in recent future, with a view to seeking solutions to the best programme of action raised by you.
35.35 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments: the allocation of resources for all members and associate members in the implementation of recommendations; and the need for data to monitor the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration, and to provide adequate resources for ESCAP to carry out its operational activities.
(vi) Review of high-level intergovernmental meetings on the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and its regional and regional outcomes:
The law on inheritance, marriage and contributions is also as follows.
Human rights and mass exoduses
Reaffirming the obligation of all States to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, including the right to life, freedom of liberty and the right to safe life, and reaffirms their obligations under the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, in particular the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the Convention on the Rights of the Child,
Reform framework
The Committee notes with appreciation the ratification of the European Charter of the European Social Charter (Amendment) and the Additional Protocols to the Charter of 1995 and the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination in December 2000.
The Committee notes with concern that, owing to structural changes in agricultural areas, rural areas are particularly serious in that regard.
With respect to the rights of teachers under the International Labour Standards, it would not be possible to establish a genuine partnership partnership with Governments to advance the goals of education.
Any action under the jurisdiction of the State party should not allow another State to lose the capacity of the people to achieve water right under their jurisdiction.
In accordance with this objective, the Committee adopted general comment No. 12 of 1998 on the right to adequate food, which is a reference to you, which should be based on the framework of a comprehensive international code of conduct for the human rights of adequate food.
Many of these mandates have established human rights and development, including those relating to education, food, housing, health, environmental protection, such as the right to development, human rights and extreme poverty and structural adjustment programmes.
The United Nations Programme for Older Persons has completed the United Nations Children's Programme of Action to commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of the Declaration on Human Rights.
(d) The symposium organized by the International Training Division in New York.
Proposal by Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM/14).
The Chilean resolution submitted by Chile at its third session (A/AC.261/L.11).
(d) To conclude impunity and ensure that the perpetrators of human rights violations and international humanitarian law are brought to justice;
Ms. David (Armenia) said that the issue of children was the core of the development goals made in the Millennium Declaration.
Invites States, United Nations agencies, agencies and specialized agencies, international organizations and non-governmental organizations to assist developing countries in their efforts to prevent the spread of the epidemic, in particular LDCs and the least developed countries, to prevent the spread of the epidemic and to mitigate and control the adverse impacts of HIV/AIDS in their populations and to provide care for the people infected;
(b) Strengthen cooperation with Member States and the United Nations programmes, funds and related agencies and relevant regional and international organizations and non-governmental organizations, and should request assistance to implement the outcome of the twentieth special session;
Cuba expressed its dissatisfaction with the lack of progress in the implementation of the provisions of this provision, and Cuba believes that the primary responsibility of the nuclear-weapon States is essential to comply with the provisions of the Convention.
Al-President of the General Assembly, “Poor N. N. N. N. N. G. G. G. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W. W.
In favour:
As a partner of the European Union, the United Kingdom has voted in favour of draft resolution A/58/L.26/Rev.1 entitled “Comprehensive resolution on the question of Palestine”.
The Committee noted that, in order to be held in Santiago from 29 March to 4 April 2004, the International Aerospace and Association of International Space Co-Bibre (LAL) will be held in Santiago from the Institute for Space and Social Seminar in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The workshop discussed the role of national focal points and national coordination institutions, cross-border cooperation and information sharing, national laws and legislative procedures, export and import systems, export and import systems and marking, storage management and records, and civil society cooperation.
Article 29 of the Penal Code of Guatemala provides as follows:
A vote was taken by show of hands.
The information received shows that the denial of human rights violations, war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide are widely endorsed.
In the light of the definition of the above-mentioned definition, the number of persons living in Spain was 155,000, 68 per cent of whom were women, nearly 32 per cent of men.
Source: BBV, July 2000.
This indicator is taking into account the factors of the buyer's export and tax factor, which is the percentage of the percentage of salary income for the first year.
There is also a destruction of more than 236 hectares of cannabis plantations.
There is a need to focus on the development and implementation of a network of women and girls in the context of the United Nations Declaration on the Peaceful Peace and Programme of Action in the context of the United Nations Declaration on the Culture of Peace and the Programme of Action of the United Nations Declaration on Peace and Crime, which will focus on the development and implementation of a network, information exchange, knowledge and composition of the United Nations and other forms of international normative instruments to promote the human rights of women.
As a method, they can only resort to domestic law with a view to continuing their interests or remedies.
“It is very difficult to say that a State is a matter of full freedom for the loss of property in its territory.
See ibid., pp. 451, paras.
See also the personal opinion of the President of the Barcelona Traction case (initial objections) (J.J.J.J., pp. 59).
In the context of any crime applicable to this article, the State party shall endeavour to expedite extradition proceedings and simplify the evidence of evidence in accordance with domestic law.
The conclusion and implementation of such agreements or arrangements should be fully complied with the principle of sovereign equality of States and should comply strictly with the provisions of such agreements or arrangements.
Rule 85
See International Drug Control Initiative (United Nations publication, Sales No.
The majority of delegations of the informal working group established during the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee had been considered not to be included in the definition of the definition of international human rights organizations, as it had clearly explained in international law.
During the fifth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations expressed the best use of mandatory wording.
The concept of the concept in the final language of this paragraph is also being discussed.
During the second draft text of the Ad Hoc Committee, the Ad Hoc Committee did not make any opinion to this article.
At the same time, there is still a need to retain adequate national policy space to achieve development goals.
The Working Group of Experts on International Standards and Reporting of the International Accounting and Reporting Guidelines submitted the report of the Working Group on the fifth session of the Group.
Report of the Division for Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development (DITC/OD/DD/0/01)
Policies relating to investment and development
This difference is mainly attributable to the decrease in official travel, owing mainly to the decrease in training for administrative and technical issues, as the Department of Peacekeeping Operations has reduced the travel of the Mission to the Mission in order to reduce the number of technical conference meetings in 2004/05.
Agenda item 28 and 40 (f)
The General Assembly,
Accordingly, in accordance with this issue, the Committee did not require the decision to decide to the Swedish authorities in a more violation of article 3 of article 3 of the Covenant or any other provisions under article 3 of the Covenant.
(b) The signing of the ceasefire agreement between the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda and the six armed groups, as well as a ceasefire agreement between the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda and the six armed groups, as well as the establishment of the Interim Interim Administration in Ituri;
(e) The knowledge management and human resources impact of new pricing procedures as appropriate.
Thus, as Venezuela supported the adverse effects of illegal diamonds in armed conflict, and delays in the prevention and security of the countries affected by directly affected by directly affected by direct influence, my country is deeply satisfied with the international efforts aimed at achieving peace.
Chairman of the Executive Board of the Legal Assistance Office of the Legal Centre for Legal Assistance for the period 2001-2001.
The Ministry of National Education and Elections of the Ministry of National Education and Elections in 1994.
• The offence of abortion, S.S.
One of the objectives of the Government is to maintain and develop the land and water resources of the Territory and improve agricultural productivity.
In the second year, the second year declared a counter-drug campaign.
“Programme 2004-2005: Use of the use of a standby system to meet the needs of all personnel in all personnel and rapid deployment and standby lists
With respect to multilateral treaties, the European Treaty on Extradition (Act 1955) and the European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters (No. 1979), signed on 29 September 2000.
The use of sanctions can be described in a certain way in the language and war.
The exchange of views between Governments, the United Nations Secretariat, academia, non-governmental organizations and civil society could be exchanged to develop and adopt a positive dialogue on progress, obstacles and challenges related to the implementation and adoption of sanctions, and the contribution of the South- Berlin process on financial sanctions and the contribution to the Bonn- Berlin process on the arms embargo and travel ban.
As we commemorate the tenth anniversary of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, my delegation is pleased to note that the Programme of Action has made considerable progress in certain respects.
Mr. MKKERER (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): Five thirds of the five-thirds majority of people were still under colonial and that the General Assembly had adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which had been adopted by the General Assembly in order to adopt the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
In the context of the broader context, the United Nations Programme of Action, in the context of the growing number of people and people who have suffered from racism, are not only in the light of the fact that they have not yet been able to explore some of the development path from the fight against racism, as the situation in Haiti has shown that the country is now ready to celebrate the tenth anniversary of the independence of the independence, but the international community must help to bring it to the past colonial.
(Signed) Kofi A.
In 2003, the Working Group held its thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth sessions.
On 23 October 2003, the Government of the Islamic Republic informed that the Mahahahabudud had been released on 4 September 2003.
The Human Rights Council has also established a violation of human rights violations, genocide crimes and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the appointment of the Council of the African Union for the Special Envoy of the Great Lakes region as a whole.
The international community has therefore actively supported the preparatory process and the Conference itself.
The Security Council has recently reaffirmed the need to integrate women into all building peace and development processes.
We want many initiatives.
The Commissioner of Refugee Experts once again stressed the relationship between asylum-seekers and migration, reiterating UNHCR's continued efforts to strengthen cooperation with international migration and to report on such complementary reasons that UNHCR should continue to strengthen cooperation with NGOs.
In November 2001, Mr. Kartashkin wrote to Mr. Klein, and proposed direct meetings.
In addition, in the case of Mr. Klein, it would be possible to propose the following approach to the adoption of the Treaty on the Establishment of the Treaty and the Constitution of the Constitution, as well as the establishment of new patterns established by the Federal Republic of Cyprus, in addition to the independence of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, the territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of Cyprus, including the territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of its two allies.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization on women and hoped that the issue of development assistance in Canada would be considered and hoped that Canada supported the study.
Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
Convention on Climate Change
(c) In the light of the chemical burning of the chemical agent, a more than 20 per cent of the surface, which has not occurred in a pilot test, should be carried out in the light of the closed space-of-satellite fire in section 3.5 of the manual;
The effective capacity-building mechanism is part of a flexible programming approach, which is at all levels at all levels and to achieve complementary goals in achieving the objectives of overall objectives.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemns the grave escalation of Israeli action, which could lead to the situation in the region, which could lead to a complete collapse of the peace process.
The Ambassador, Ambassador Dadd, requested further clarification.
Following the debate held in March 2000 and October 2002, the Parliament formally agreed to establish the Republic of Georgia in the Democratic Republic of Georgia, as amended by the Constitution.
In its resolution 2003/1, the General Assembly reaffirmed the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara and reaffirms its efforts to establish a referendum on self-determination of the people of Western Sahara, pursuant to resolution 661 (1990) and 690 (1991) and monitoring of the people of Western Sahara.
The draft resolution was submitted by the representative of Sri Lanka at its 12th meeting, on 21 October 2003.
Urges Governments to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur and to make a positive response to the Special Rapporteur's visit to the Special Rapporteur in order to enable him to carry out its functions more effectively in this regard, and welcomes the initiatives of Governments to cooperate with the Special Rapporteur;
The establishment of the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and the United Nations country team and other thematic groups in order to achieve a coherent and coordinated approach, such as the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Programme for Climate Change (UNDG) to achieve a objective of achievement, such as the development of a objective of the country's development cooperation, the efficiency and effectiveness of the United Nations development cooperation and the development of the poverty reduction strategy, such as the strengthening of coherence, efficiency and impact of the United Nations development cooperation, and the efforts to achieve development goals.
Voluntary contributions are provided in accordance with the specific operational, mandate and related scope of various organizations.
• The percentage of government expenditure for the Central Government of the Central Bank by category and use by category and use
In addition, in order to provide awareness to the wider distribution of the population, the Principles of the Principles of Principles, which is under way in Indonesia, has been prepared by the various international agencies and non-governmental organizations in Indonesia, in order to prepare the Repertory of Principles in Indonesia.
12 noon Press briefing by the Spokesman
They have shown that the actions taken at the national and international levels to prevent natural disasters can help mitigate the adverse effects of such disasters.
Japan expects the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and other agencies to further improve methods, such as the adoption of the Consolidated Appeals Process, more effectively to address the crisis.
Measures to protect the people living in the areas of living living and in this regard should be taken, and there is a lack of uncertainty.
(c) The Economic and Social Council has made such requests.
However, in the absence of a strong debate in the internal economy in Burundi, the removal of the day was removed.
They are victims of the number of victims of violence against the regular security forces and armed rebel groups.
It is a new phenomenon indicating that people have already been able to help to combat the fear of their people and to overcome their fear.
(a) To prepare a set of evidence of testing, toxicity, pharmology and bioological practices, as well as in their national territory, as well as the list of persons or laboratories in their national territory;
To congratulate the United Nations Public Information Association for the United Nations Public Information Institute, which sponsored the United Nations Institute for Public Information, which sponsored the activities of the United Nations Conference on Drugs and Crime in United Nations Headquarters, and urges donors to provide financial support to the Fund in order to increase the number of scholarships provided to such journalists;
In September 2003, UNFPA organized a meeting of 3030 young people's leaders, who were working together with youth partners, and to identify and formally submit a global advocacy initiative — global youth partners, to prevent HIV infection among young people.
On the basis of the financial base on the Strategic Plan, she commended Denmark's initiative to prepare a draft statement on resource mobilization of financial resources (see UNEP/CHW/OEWG/2/INF/15).
The Working Group discussed the item at its 3rd plenary meeting, on Tuesday, 21 October, at 3 a.m.
She reminded the Working Group that, owing to the organization's technical matters, the Working Group needs to consider its deliberations at this session without a final decision.
At its 7th plenary meeting, on the Working Group, the Executive Secretary of the United Nations announced that the text of the Conference of the Parties of English, French and Spanish was not a official text of the decision of the Conference of the Parties to the relevant web site, and the Conference of the Parties had been published by the Conference of the Parties, which had been published by the Conference of the Parties.
Further information would be made available at the website: http://www.ggi@.unep.org.
In its consideration, the Committee agreed that the following criteria should be taken in a serious manner and in good governance:
The representative of Madagascar also thanked the organizers of the training course.
Adoption of the report of the Conference (item 211)
No documents were made under sub-item 16 (c).
Consultants
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
The present rules of procedure may be amended by the Conference.
The experts briefed the Committee on Protection and Human Rights.
This model has thus been recognized, and the functions of the Department of Public Information, as well as the organization of the United Nations system organizations, are provided to provide content, with the functions of the Department of Public Information, in close cooperation with the media media, Member States and civil society partners, to coordinate, improve and disseminate the content.
Table 28.14 Resource requirements: United Nations Office at Vienna
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
The seminar held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002 was held in Dakar to discuss money-laundering in countries of West Africa and the Economic and Monetary Union of West Africa in the context of money laundering and terrorism.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, containing the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and other resolutions and decisions on the dissemination of information on the work of the United Nations on decolonization, in particular resolution 56/73 of 10 December 2001,
Considers that efforts must continue to be made to ensure the widest possible dissemination of information on the work of the decolonization of decolonization and to give particular attention to the creation of self-determination of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Ms. E.E. (Benin) said that the Special Rapporteur had used the first time to use the first topic in the first instalment of the members of the Committee, whether she asked whether there was no third gender or whether the Special Rapporteur would only cite the sexual orientation of individual persons.
Accordingly, if a member State has submitted the requirement for the interpretation of the language or other language, the delegation would bear the relevant costs.
WFP provides basic English-friendly knowledge as necessary, and UNFPA provides that English is a practical requirement for all professionals.
The Department of Public Information and Services of the United Nations Information Centre in the world, as well as in the field offices, are used to prepare the original print print in local languages.
I: Arabic; English; English; English; French; Mr. E.E. Mr. E.E. Mr. Italy; Portugal; Portugal; Russian Federation; Russian Federation;
General Assembly resolution 56/262, sect.
c Includes salaries, travel and daily subsistence and subsistence costs, including the provision of conference support services.
(b) Approval of the medium-term plan of the medium-term plan as a result of the projected framework for 2003-2006 (see document E/ICEF/2003/AB/L.74), including the preparation of regular programme expenditure for the biennium 2002-2003 to be submitted to the Executive Board in 2004.
In order to provide funding to the field offices of the field of technical cooperation in the field of technical cooperation, it contributes to the intergovernmental dialogue with States to promote their normative responsibilities.
The Committee also recommends that strengthening effective measures to coordinate family and professional responsibilities and promote the common share of women and men.
The Committee is concerned about the lack of access to the labour market in the labour market, which is generally limited to the work of the agricultural sector and the informal sector, so that their income and wages are low.
She indicated that a number of significant actions had been taken to combat the spread of this pandemic, including the publication and enactment of HIV and AIDS Act 2002 and the development of HIV/AIDS prevention and control programmes in collaboration with stakeholders, provided that they could be able to mobilize antiretroviral drugs.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
The Committee expresses its appreciation to the Government of the Federal Government to eliminate the phenomenon of discrimination against women, including the forthcoming revision of the Canadian Human Rights Act, including the forthcoming revision of Canada's human rights law, and its serious concern at the lack of systematic discrimination in all aspects of indigenous women.
However, it is difficult to determine progress made in preventing the abuse and violence of women.
The Committee invites the State party to ensure that all forms of violence against women and girls have been brought to law enforcement officials, justice and public and public.
The Committee expresses its concern about the incidence of violence against women, including domestic violence.
The Committee also urges the State party to include disaggregated data disaggregated by sex and age and analysis of data and to include such data in the next report.
The legal responsibility of the family has been identified as part of a more comprehensive approach to achieving social development.
The legislation on arms and military materiel is contained in Act No. 17/19/1998 on military materiel.
These general arguments are contained in annex I to the present report, as part of the present report, as part of the present report, as part of the present report.
With respect to paragraphs 27 to 275 and 28-32, the FVmann also provided copies of invoices and the shipment certificates, but not provided to the date.
In order to provide the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the goods.
(b) Project on the Project Project of N.S.
This claim refers to the costs claimed from the withdrawal of the Iraqi withdrawal of employees and dependants from Iraq, including travel and communications costs.
Accordingly, the Panel considered the amount of USD 383,43,073 for loss of contract, indirect loss and loss of profits, property losses, other losses and interest.
If the claim has failed to provide these specific projects or other claims, the Panel may notify the claimant to inform the claimant in accordance with Article 15 of the Rules (article 15 notification”).
As a matter, it is necessary to ensure that the award is received, which would require security arrangements for the purpose of the responsibility of the principle.
Cambodia will endeavour to ensure that poverty alleviation efforts continue to be a primary priority.
Mr. Patten (Malutan) said that his country had made progress towards the effective integration of seven commitments into national development strategies in order to achieve progress in the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action.
The high-level segment of the Council's high-level segment in promoting the development of rural development has provided valuable guidance for many developing countries, which provides detailed discussion on the opportunities for improving the financing of operational activities for development.
(See http://www.oecd.edu/CM/cm/index.html/index.htm).
Convinced that the use of mercenaries or the activities of mercenaries, regardless of their manifestations, are a threat to the right of peoples to self-determination, security and national peoples, as a threat to the right of peoples to self-determination, as well as an obstacle to the enjoyment of human rights by peoples,
The Chairman announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, Mauritius, Mauritius and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia have joined the sponsors.
Contents
Most of the orders were effective to 31 December 2005 and could be extended.
We will continue to work with the recommendations contained in the report of the Human Rights Committee.
Finally, the responses to human rights violations and the response to those responsible for those acts is to participate in the work of the Committee and to the control of the Committee, rather than to the Commission.
We are confident that the appointment of the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General in Iraq will help to do so.
Let us address specific issues in our cluster cluster.
Otherwise, the results of the elections may be only only through the adoption of the only political figures by force through force.
UNIFEM has increased significantly in the work of the work in the work of the past, i.e., 2000-2003.
The strategic framework framework contained below will provide guidance for UNIFEM programmes, partnerships, monitoring and reporting.
Although the support of the United Kingdom and UNAMSIL has been to strengthen the security capacity of the Government of Sierra Leone in order to prevent RUF rebel forces, the Government of Sierra Leone is unable to eliminate the integrity of the territorial integrity.
As a result of the limited difficulties in the implementation of the moratorium on the import of arms in small arms in West Africa in Liberia, the Panel recommends that the United Nations Mission in Liberia support the implementation of this embargo in Liberia.
As a result, he was granted temporary entry to the Ivorian countries on three days, provided that he would be transferred to the police authorities.
Member States, financial institutions and development agencies should support projects to implement United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice.
The draft resolution clearly could be improved in this regard, but it is indeed in practice to stop all terrorist acts.
Ms. Chowdhury (Morocco) said that, despite the recognition of the Constitution's right to work, the right to work was difficult in the economic level and lack of political democracy in the economic level.
At the end of the life period, the cost estimates of the Plorlor acida, which is not accurate, is not accurate to increase the rate of more than 90 per cent from 90 per cent, which implies that more than more than a more misinformation is to be recorded.
These measures must be applied to all parties concerned.
The overall trend in the use of the geostationary orbit market, which is in the context of the effective life of satellite operators, will be used by satellite operators in the area of the geostationary orbit of the geostationary orbit.
Chapter ___
In UNCTAD, cooperation with the divisions will be strengthened through strengthening cooperation between the divisions and the development of technical cooperation and capacity-building.
Any regional office or sub-office of the World Tourism Organization may be established by the United Nations and the Office of the Resident Coordinator and the Resident Coordinator Office, in particular the regional commissions and the Resident Coordinator Office.
In the light of the foregoing, estimates for the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium 2004-2005 are $78,788,000, and the general insurance insurance of the United Nations Office at the United Nations for the biennium 2000-2001 was $1.88,000.
The results of the document, as well as the number of users of official documents, will be expanded.
All sessions are held at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
With regard to this provision, article 41 of the Convention requires States parties to take measures to take measures to implement the measures taken and to enjoy the rights of the rights and to report on the factors and difficulties that affect the implementation of the Convention.
Regrettably, the delays in the Committee has been very serious since its establishment.
It should be clear that the recommendations of the military commanders of the regional military commanders clearly clearly articulate this aspect, and that there should be a rapid investigation of the excessive use of force.
f The Committee shall consider the situation of civil and political rights in Suriname, in the absence of reports and delegations.
During the reporting period, the United Nations Relief Assessment Mission in the United Nations Disaster Response Coordinator (UNIP) system promotes humanitarian assistance.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/20), para.
The least developed countries are committed to the development of the development of people-centred development, aimed at ensuring that it is necessary to create the necessary environment to eradicate poverty.
Madagascar has established a network of food, production, water and vegetables and vegetables.
In accordance with the issues mentioned in Agenda 21, important commitments have been made to obtain safe water, adequate environmental health and cleaner energy, modern energy services.
We encourage both countries to complete their common border demarcation.
A special concern was expressed about the current conflict in Colombia, which affects Afro-descendants and indigenous communities, which called for special attention to the issue of the international and international organizations of the crisis.
In order to assist the Working Group on various policy options, a independent study was conducted in the ninth session of the Working Group (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.5/2003/WP.1).
I would also like to thank your predecessor, the Prime Minister of Uganda, Mr. Katiakka Kakkaka, who expresses my delegation's appreciation for the excellent work accomplished during his presidency and the excellent guidance of our work.
An important element of the proposed reform is to shorten our statement and to distribute the original version of the State statement.
Mr. As (Mali) (spoke in French): I would like to express my delegation's pleasure to express my delegation's appreciation to the Chairman of the First Committee for Disarmament, Disarmament and International Security.
Stressing the interim nature of UNIFIL,
Also invites the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to submit a analytical report on the effective implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance, in which the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in this regard, provides an assessment of the international and regional standards and instruments of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, which may require additional international standards to assist the Working Group in completing the mandate of the supplementary international standards;
Each State Party shall, in accordance with the fundamental principles of the legal system, should be considered in accordance with the fundamental principles of the crime, in accordance with the law of the Court or any other appropriate means, in accordance with the law of the Court or any other appropriate means, in accordance with the provisions of the law of the State under domestic law:
If such agreements or arrangements are not possible, such joint investigation is agreed on a case.
The position of the nuclear weapons countries have not changed.
At its seventeenth session, the SBSTA requested the secretariat of the SBSTA to hold intersessional consultations on the initial report of the Global Climate Observing System (IPCC) secretariat, at the eighteenth session of the Global Climate Observing System (IPCC).
Bearing in mind its relevant resolutions,
Bearing in mind the relevant recommendations adopted by the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined the sponsors of the draft resolution.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/58/SR.56).
In India, it seems that the protection and protection of basic rights and people remains a sacred responsibility.
It requires both parties and the international community to help it grow.
First, although there has been strong normative framework on mine issues, there is a strong normative framework for dealing with unexploded ordnance and explosive remnants of war, which will significantly contribute to the post-conflict approach.
In general, military peacekeeping forces have not implemented massive surveys, marking or mine clearance.
My country will continue to continue to support international instruments against unexploded ordnance and mine mines through the adoption of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
The unexploded ordnance remains a serious humanitarian threat.
Mr. Sattar (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1, entitled “Strengthening of the United Nations Programme of Action for the Illicit Trade of Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects”, and the draft resolution was adopted by the representative of France on 22 October 2003 at its 13th meeting, on 22 October 2003.
South Africa's policy on small arms policy-based and inclusive approach to small arms has identified the importance of regional approaches to addressing the proliferation of small arms and light weapons.
In operative paragraph 4, we also have a significant change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to further coordinate its collective efforts in human resources development, based on national policies and priorities;
It has been signed with the main countries of the world's community community organizations, which supported the establishment of a regional commissions in the Latin American and Caribbean region, such as Burkina Faso, Jamaica, the Philippines and Senegal, such as the National Association for Women, Jamaica, the Philippines and Senegal, such as Burkina Faso, Jamaica, Philippines and Senegal, and in the Latin American and Caribbean region.
Thereafter, the Bureau of the Council, at its meeting of 31 October 2001, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 7 of the resolution of the Council, established the Committee of Permanent Representatives of the subsidiary bodies of the Council as a member of the Council.
We will bring our own, our peoples and future generations.
The plan has been approved by the National Economic Summit and Parliament.
Africa is awaiting a number of points.
States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights as at 1 December 2003 (continued)
The negative security assurances is that the nuclear-weapon States should ensure that the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons cannot be used.
Most of the courts cannot operate, most of which are damaged or looted.
Training is also provided for the provision of a comprehensive logistics concept.
I would like to commend all those leaders for their valuable contribution to the cause of peace and security in Liberia.
The voters who have no permanent residence registered in the election of the elections have the right to vote in the administrative branch of the local authorities in the places of their final registration.
Similarly, women can learn special education courses and not gender limitations, and the special education courses provide for the development of the educational and mental life of a special and special basis, as well as the education of the general-based labour skills, as well as educational education.
The fact that the current social security model is based on the fact that the social tax is a prerequisite for the most social security.
In accordance with the “Social Security” Act, in the past 12 months, the total number of persons living in Latvia, non-citizens, foreigners, foreigners and stateless persons, have been entitled to be entitled to the social security insurance of the State of the State of the country, except in the past 12 months.
At present, Latvia provided the amount of the family allowances provided by the family for a child born by 1 January 1999 and the second sentence of 10 per cent in Latvia, in Latvia, 29 per cent, or more than 1.6 per cent, or more than 1.6 per cent, in Latvia or in the case of the four years.
Disarmament continues to be key to progress towards the peace process in the peace process in Bougainville.
Japan has also financed the United Nations Fact-Finding Fact-Finding mission in the last year.
The effective conditions applicable to the application of legal acts, which relate to the legitimate nature of the law of the law of the law of the treaty, should be applied to general recognition, especially in the State.
Specifically, the question is whether the State may unilaterally modify, suspend or withdraw the act.
The Parties referred to the various gaps and difficulties related to the assessment of the relevant gaps and difficulties related to greenhouse gas mitigation mitigation.
Requests the Secretary-General to encourage the organizations of the United Nations system to improve procurement measures, in particular in accordance with their respective mandates, to improve procurement measures in the United Nations system, inter alia, through the use of the Internet registration procedures in the United Nations system, inter alia, through the use of Internet information on their respective websites;
I will revert to this issue later.
My delegation would therefore like to reiterate once again the opportunity to make the fullest possible use of their positive impact in order to promote this goal.
The peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo can be accomplished only if a democratic transition in the Great Lakes region is also being implemented.
However, any situation will prevent the expansion of the new Great Lakes region to the other countries of Uganda and Tanzania, and their interests are closely linked to the interests of countries of the Great Lakes region.
We take note of the progress made in the negotiations on the draft resolution on the issue of concern.
In focusing on health and sustainable development, the Plan calls for developing countries to provide affordable energy for rural communities, particularly in the light of the need to reduce the dependence on cooking and heating sources for traditional fuel sources, as such practices affect the health of women and children.
The Government and other stakeholders should ensure that local and administrative reform processes promote rural women's access to resources (especially, land, heritage and financial services and various benefits.
A number of Member States submitted additional information.
The ministerial declaration of the high-level segment of the Economic and Social Council addressed the important role of rural women in policy and decision-making.
Reaffirms that international cooperation and national action should be conducted in accordance with the principles of the Charter, international law and related international conventions;
Under the auspices of Germany, this debate was further closely in the process of Bonn and Berlin, focusing on the design and implementation of arms embargoes and related sanctions.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
UNPOS expects that this visit would be an opportunity to fulfil the obligations that have not yet done so that the actions of self-government arrangements would be fully cautious.
Mr. Co-Marie (Australia): Thank you, Mr. President, for convening this meeting, as well as my colleague of Fiji — on the issue of the high-level meeting of the Pacific Islands Islands Forum.
We hope that the international community and the United Nations system will provide assistance to those efforts.
In the past year, in Bougainville, the destruction of the devastating effects of small arms has been affected by the devastating consequences of the proliferation of small arms, which has been seen by the Solomon Islands in Papua New Guinea.
New Zealand's support to the transition team is complementary to the continuing commitment of the people of Bougainville to provide other assistance to the Bougainville people, as provided by the New Zealand International Development Agency.
However, more efforts should be made.
“The person!
The United Nations has played a role in the international system of a sovereign State.
At the same time, we have increased informal, diverse and remote education programmes in the country.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General to address a question in the updating of the workload standards, whether the number of documents based on the issuance of documents should be translated into the translation of translation in all official languages;
He responded to specific problems, stating that the issue of personal movement of natural persons is being addressed through the request and ratification of the work-building process.
Procedural, institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters
Israel has repeatedly called on the United Nations and the international community to stop the risk and consequences of its aggression against the ground, disregarding the risk and consequences of such actions, and that these actions continue to be carried out in many cases in many cases in the Lebanese territory, intimidation and torture of Lebanese civilians and the destruction of material.
Palau
H.E. Mr. K. M. W.
In that regard, the rules of international trade systems should take into account the negative impact of its policies to address poverty and land degradation.
The Mission is working with the United Nations country team to develop new United Nations Development Assistance Framework and strengthen the monitoring and reporting of the socio-economic commitments contained in the peace agreement.
The terrorist Group is closely linked to the network of transnational crime networks, bringing the authorities of Algeria to redouble their efforts to implement strict control of financial institutions and to combat all types of fraud and criminal operations.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of Security Council resolution 1267 (1999), 1333 (2000) and 1390 (2002), the relevant elements of the activities of Algeria, and other groups associated with Al-Qaida are also included in this list.
It is pleased that it has adopted some recommendations, in particular the establishment of assistance funds and the implementation of mechanisms for monitoring mechanisms.
Action on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.25 and A/C.2/58/L.67
Annex to the letter dated 22 May 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Greece to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In March 2001 and April 2002, the tourism organizations held a 10- hoc meeting between the United Nations High Commissioner for Tourism and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in collaboration with the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
A total of 1,000 people in the meeting attended the Conference's main objective to enable various stakeholders in the field of ecological tourism, in particular those who have not been involved in the regional preparatory meetings that have already been held, and to make a view to sharing experiences and ideas.
Annan
Recommends that the Economic and Social Council adopt the following decision:
Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
The statements under sub-items may reflect relevant issues and cross-cutting issues.
The Office of the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) has effective and strategic mobilization of resources available throughout the country to further develop the foundations for more stable conditions.
In the establishment of the strategic resource reserve of new missions aimed at rapid equipment, progress has been made in this area.
The following information are also provided:
The general view was that legal issues are crucial for insolvency proceedings, and the draft Guide should contain information on these issues to provide assistance and guidance to legislators and other users.
Withdrawal of candidates
However, his delegation believed that the decision on reservations or deletion of the footnote should be discussed in chapter V.
The following is a strategic draft strategy for the implementation of the commitments made by the Litani River, which would be used by delegations.
Member States should be encouraged to make contributions.
Yemen
Belize
The President of the ninth session of the ninth session thanked the Parties for their kind of confidence, and thanked him for his predecessor's efforts at the time of office.
The Conference of the Parties is now able to consider these Parties to limit their performance in reducing and reducing emissions.
(Agenda item 4)
In view of the political guidance provided by the Millennium Summit, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, the Economic and Social Council has highlighted a broad consensus on the key role of the Economic and Social Council in the context of integrated and coordinated implementation and follow-up to the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits.
These incidents are effective to all those who have all identified poverty eradication, promoting development and ensuring peace, security and justice.
“Reaffirming the adoption of the Declaration of the United Nations New Partnership for the Development of Africa on 30 September 2002 and the final review and appraisal of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa and the United Nations Development Programme for the New Partnership for Africa's Development,
“10. Expresses its appreciation to the efforts undertaken at the regional level to combat the activities of the United Nations system in various areas of development of the Partnership, in this regard, to strengthen the activities of the United Nations system, in this regard, with a view to promoting the coordination of the coordination of partnerships with the United Nations system;
If the amount of this amount indicates that, in the context of a comparison, the exchange rate in United States dollars in the present table indicates that the exchange rate in the United Nations Convention on the Status of Geographical Information in the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (April 1994) of 4 April 1990 was the exchange rate of the mid-term exchange rate.
Facts and contentions
In particular, it has lost a loss of profits for the six contracts of the six contracts, $787, 6,804, 14,144,74,788, and $6,844, respectively.
In addition, if the claim relates to tangible property losses, the Panel was selected on 2 August 1990 (Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait) for loss of loss, since the date was lost the date of the control of the assets of the assets.
In addition, KNPC also requested that KNPC pay the amount of payment for the payment or commitment of a third party prior to the termination of the contract.
(6) Paragraph 2 of the present draft articles contains a number of issues that have not been addressed in the context of the provisions of the draft articles of the State of State responsibility.
(c) Special Rapporteur's concluding remarks
(c) To develop this model, taking into account the work of the Committee earlier earlier, the Special Rapporteur recommends that the Committee may wish to take into account the following matters:
(12) The loss of environmental and environmental damage and loss of profits and tourism (see para. 174 above) (paras.
Accordingly, the report will focus on results or results to avoid the approach taken by the negotiation process or the process taken by States or the conclusion.
It was noted that the effectiveness of the effectiveness was different and depend on specific recognition.
Methods of work
The definition of objections should therefore reflect the genuine intention of the objecting State, rather than to the legal effect of reservations to reservations under the Vienna Convention.
In addition to the provisions or other agreement of the treaty, the withdrawal of a reservation is only if a State Party or a State party has received a notice of the withdrawal of the State or the organization.
In paragraph 505 of the report of the Secretary-General, the Group agreed that the Committee's agreement should not address the establishment of the international judicial institutions and its relationship.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 260-266.
In the view of this argument, see: H.H. Imber, Paris, Paris, pp. 88 or France, Paris, Clare and interpretative declarations, vol. I.C.C.A.A. Mr. R. C. C. C.A. R.C. R.C. R.C. R.C.
The Committee considered the sixth report of the Sixth Committee at its 2770th, 2771nd, 2772nd and 2774th meetings, held on 7-11 July 2003.
In addition, an attempt to amend the unilateral acts of unilateral acts, suspension, removal and removal of unilateral acts of unilateral acts, as well as those who have taken such acts.
Some of them have been detained and more than 20 years in the world, in the world's time of war.
However, some officials appear to be intended to resume these services and explore the possibility of restoring common services in recruitment and health care (para.
The United Nations also has extensive experience in the management and facilities of premises and facilities, which could be used for common services in the Vienna International Centre.
On 7 December 1983 A/C.5/387.
However, the United Nations can work with civil society organizations in preventing conflict prevention and building sustainable peace and a more creative, forward-looking and more important strategy.
Welcoming the representative of Pitcairn of Pitcairn to the Caribbean Regional Seminar held in Maputo from 20 to 22 May 2003, noting that he expressed concern about the case of the Territory's Tribunal,
To this end, under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In such cases, the re-bibre doctrine of the B's de facto form of life is in the area of the most vulnerable areas.
Please provide information on the inventory of assets frozen under this resolution.
Since 1997, the SWHH has also been able to gauge the quality of small land and marine plants in the global context, thus in the period of five years, the main parameters for the development of the Earth's Earth's Earth and the main parameters of the Earth's Earth Earth.
(e) To coordinate all space activities at the highest level of government at the highest level of government, to provide scientists to provide data on data on research and applications in many research and applications;
However, the growing number of people increasingly break the silence and more active action and opposed to the policy on the existence of the family and the normal relationship with Cuba.
A exception to a common law for common law is currently being ongoing, which can be defined as serious crimes within this framework.
Strengthening the capacity of developing countries to effectively combat terrorism is one of the priorities of the United States Organization in recent years.
See paragraph 3 (a) and 2 (f) of paragraph 3 (f).
Of 19 financial assistants, eight areas were deployed (national General Service 1 and 1 United Nations Volunteers).
The Ethiopian Command will be composed of one Field Service and one United Nations Volunteers, and two domestic staff support.
Issues relating to the scope of other items allocated to the Third Committee by the General Assembly
Item 12 Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Documentation
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Myanmar (A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1, para.
Report of the Committee on Human Rights (resolution 2200 A (XXI))
Young people are also bound by legally binding agreements: one of the younger couples of Norway is not married.
Women are often reluctant to report against rape, especially in cases of rape and victims of victims, as well as other reasons for allegations of torture.
Article 48.
The socio-economic status of the culture of cultural patterns and women has resulted in this situation, but there is a number of low-ranking occupations in the labour market.
At the same time, the low number of households registered in rural households (from less than 3 per cent) showed that rural households may have an average savings of $88 million.
The International Labour Organization adopted the Convention on the Protection of Labour, which is the same way in the context of the adoption of the Convention on the Protection of Women and workers, as well as the benefits for the protection of the rights of workers and workers, as well as those who are members of their national legislation.
(c) Data and HIV/AIDS
“F.E. and its Environment, New Health Centre and International Law, Belgrade, 2001.
Also expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular in Africa;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
Other programmes require bilateral assistance.
Nevertheless, in order to change the situation and Israel's policy, it has not lost a just and comprehensive peace in the region, as well as in Israel and Israel, and we have not lost hope.
1.2 With respect to the establishment of a bill for financing or funding for terrorist acts, the adjustment of domestic legislation is consistent with the progress made in the implementation of the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
Law enforcement and protection of the specific institutions of the State, namely, the State Armed Forces and Armed Forces ( paramilitary police) are not subject to the general subjective prohibition referred to in table 2.
Mr. Al-Marie (United States of America): The United States wishes to explain its position.
The Third Committee adopted the draft resolution entitled “Comprehensive Khmer Rouge trials”.
Japan will continue to cooperate with the Secretariat and the Government of Cambodia in order to establish a special chamber.
However, there is no reason for a State to refrain from a State's right to a breach of an internationally wrongful act.
Annan
The judges of El Salvador, therefore, have a high level of independence to submit their cases.
In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar rejected the arrangements between Spain and the United Kingdom, which called “illegal, political and unacceptable” to discuss the European Union's security measures in the countries of the European Union and should not be applicable to the Territory.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continues to emphasize the cost of the United States of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons and to promote the existing international rules and responsibilities of weapons.
Corrigendum
National reconciliation is also needed to continue to support, particularly in support of the reintegration and resettlement of ex-combatants and support for electoral elections.
In addition, the need for sustained support for human rights capacity-building requires the development of children's protection strategies.
These issues constitute a major challenge to youth's participation in forestry and a formal role.
It is hoped that the regional and economic commissions of the United Nations have redoubled to redouble their efforts to promote youth's participation in forest issues.
I welcome Mr. Lecker, on behalf of the Council, and invited him.
Report of the Committee on Programme Coordination (A/58/16, chap. III, sect. B, Programme 88, chap. IV, sect.
I would like to thank members for their cooperation and support in this regard.
The oceans has a significant impact on small island developing States.
The fourth Meeting of the United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea, held in New York in New York, showed that the Forum was very useful and that the process of the process would be useful for three years.
Although efforts have been made, the problem of pollution caused by marine pollution in the marine environment remains far.
As indicated in the report, there has been some specific issues in the area of oceans in ocean areas, and the international community must continue and coordinate action at international, regional and national levels.
The meeting marks another milestone in the life of the Convention, which will be the tenth anniversary of the institution.
In accordance with the Office of the Attorney-General, the national human rights and international humanitarian unit did not investigate such crimes.
A number of efforts have been completed to strengthen security security security officers in the premises of the premises (prevention of fire, caring and house-to-up and public broadcasting systems).
Conclusions
The United Nations should, as necessary, should organize the World Tourism Organization's proposal to consider the agenda of the Economic and Social Council, or in accordance with relevant rules of procedure, in accordance with relevant rules of procedure, including the agenda of other United Nations bodies or agencies.
The Dag Hammarskjöld Library provides a dedicated web site on the United Nations web site in the United Nations web site, as well as links with relevant issues.
The national human rights institutions should ensure that the implementation of international human rights treaties has a significant role in ensuring the implementation of international human rights treaties, and should be encouraged to enhance collaboration with Governments and civil society organizations.
Any person or a television or television equipment or any or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her or her means, only one such a act may be sentenced to imprisonment in three years of imprisonment.
Recalling the results of the past decade, all Member States have the opportunity to express their views on the reform of the reform and to propose their reform recommendations.
The veto is a flagrant violation of the principle of sovereign equality of States under the Charter and also violations of the principle of fair and democratic principles.
However, because of the position of the permanent membership of the Security Council, the Security Council does not take action against Israel, which means to encourage Israel.
Please describe Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida, the Taliban, the Taliban and their associates, as well as the threat of your country and regional threats, as well as possible trends.
As indicated in the current report of the Board of Auditors (para. 66), the Department of Peacekeeping Operations continues to address this issue.
Taking into account the findings of the Board of Auditors, the Advisory Committee stresses the further review of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors on the issues of understanding, pre-deployment inspection, inspection, verification, verification and resource resources.
“In order to improve the well-being of young people, they provide tremendous potential for job creation, the action plan should take into account the impact of information and communication technologies on each priority priority.
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that the intent of paragraph 1 (d) was to emphasize the obligation of States parties to comply with their obligations under the relevant international instruments on human rights, without prejudice to changing their obligations.
Human rights defenders have been subjected to a legal, policy or approach to the implementation or adoption of fundamental freedoms and human rights, and they have their own own right to a national security legislation.
In comparison with the previous national communications, the Party's third report had a considerable improvement in the work of the information and policy measures.
They introduced steps taken to ratify the Protocol, including the necessary legislative legislation.
Fifty-eighth session
The second session of the two days will be held from 1 to 2 September, and the second session of the CRIC will be held from 26 to 29 August 2003.
I would be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex as a document of the Conference on Disarmament and to circulate the non-members of the Conference on the Non-Governmental Organizations of the CD and to the non-member States of their work.
Expert Meeting on the Use of Electronic Commerce as an instrument for development
In response to requests by the competent authorities, the secretariat of the UNCCD, where possible, on the thematic report of the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General on land and agriculture on land and agricultural issues, report on the report of the Secretary-General on the institutional procedures of the Secretary-General on the institutional procedures of Agenda 21 and the other relevant reports of the Secretary-General to the Summit and its Preparatory Committee.
(d) In addition to the case of the appointment of a judge, the right to be made in other cases shall be made in the case of other cases.
It prepared the rules of procedure of the rules of procedure, the terms of reference of the panel and the special contracts agreement of the Council.
The Working Group requested the Working Group to discuss a substantive discussion on the issues taken by the Secretariat at its fortieth session on the preliminary investigation of the Secretariat (A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.94).
One developing country, even more than 10 per cent of the more than 10 per cent of Uganda, continues to reverse the trend of transmission.
But this is not enough.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
The expansion of UNFPA's donor base reflects the broad support of UNFPA from its programme countries supported by its support, and recognizes the common responsibility of UNFPA and its members.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/21100/Add.33, paras.
Fourthly, the military revolution has become more complex, and weapons of conventional weapons and weapons of mass destruction are increasingly blurous.
The Board agreed that this timetable be agreed at the outset.
This time shows that this responsibility is clearly defined by the deadline for the transfer of the Iraqi people, which should be followed by the political process of the political process of Iraq's sovereignty.
This may lead to inconsistencies in the requirements and to provide other questions to the enterprise and to provide the enterprise with information on different objectives.
The United Nations agencies, programmes and offices of the United Nations country member States play an important role in this regard.
The examination process should be standardized and should be translated and transparent.
If the use method is used, the IPCC guidelines on the IPCC guidelines should be provided before the IPCC Guidelines.
This meeting is indeed a very unusual meeting.
After completion of this work, we hope that we can be able to enter into the next phase of resolution 1244 (1999), and I hope that, in accordance with paragraph 11 (e) of resolution 1244 (1999), it is intended to determine the process of the final status of Kosovo.
Report of the Fifth Committee
At the 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Committee introduced a draft decision entitled “Organization of the Organization: accountability for the United Nations Integrated Management System in the field of Field Security Management” (A/C.5/57/L.177).
In principle, the Secretary-General, in principle, approved the United Nations integrated building of the United Nations Integrated Framework in the context of the adoption of the United Nations-wide zone agreement with the United Nations, and that the land and building of the buildings will be in all United Nations;
The monitoring of the report and social reports must be verified and can ensure the credibility of reports.
Consultations with non-members (IDB.27/20)
Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, Slovenia, Lithuania, Romania, Romania and Slovenia, and the members of the European Economic and Social Council of Europe and the European Economic and Social Commission for Europe, align the statement.
A major contribution was made by regional organizations and international organizations such as the Asian Community, UNDP, ITU, the Asian Development Bank, UNU and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).
The objective of the interregional joint project is to strengthen the capacity of countries and regions in the area of international competitiveness and best practices: (i) trade facilitation and diversification; and (ii) small SMEs further participate in global supply networks; (iii) developing and implementing trade facilitation policies at the regional and regional levels; (iii) further use of knowledge management and information technology in the management chain of supply management; (iv) further use of knowledge management and information technology.
The Executive Secretary of UNDP has also improved in some areas of cooperation with the regional commissions, but the Executive Secretary agreed to work more actively with UNDP in the work of the Executive Committee of the Economic and Social Council and regional coordination meetings to ensure greater coordination between regional and regional activities and in the preparation of the Human Development Report.
The economic development of Asia's economic development and the impact of the supply of supply for the supply and supply of the world has also affected Africa.
Efforts are therefore made to ensure coherence between the Consultative Group, the round tables and the development framework for development at the country level.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(v) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa;
Advancement of women [item 110].
(i) Assessing interaction between cultural and development development and the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The United Nations system has also developed a number of emergency emergency projects in the north-eastern South-South and South-East Territories, and in the north-east of the North-East Atlantic region, with a view to developing a variety of emergency assistance projects.
Agenda item 91: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
Also reaffirms that follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly will be carried out within the framework of the integrated and coordinated follow-up to the major international conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields;
The spouses must be more than 24 years.
Many of the concerns, such as the reform of international financial markets and trade conditions, the control of environmental pollution control, global warming and epidemics, the elimination of extreme poverty, access to health care, water and food, rapid urbanization, and rapid urbanization, is certainly a humanitarian dimension of international cooperation.
Institutional environment
Report of the Second Committee (A/58/484/Add.2)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/432/Add.1)
Draft decision I was adopted (resolution 58/56).
The substance of this proposal is to reaffirm the readiness of Russia to send notice on the new missile-owned missile and its purpose and basic parameters.
5.5 Through the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), the Caribbean Development Bank (UNB), the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) and Guyana, introducing projects for rural communities, focusing on development initiatives in the areas of paragraphs 2 and 3.
However, there is a number of per cent of the proportion of women who have been employed by the doctor.
It is also noted that the pilot plant production plant, which is a more effective and more advanced fuel.
United Nations regional commissions
However, the project has significantly expanded its scope, including demographic trends, international migration flows, smuggling and trafficking of migrants, international cooperation, international cooperation in international migration, abuse of international migration systems and the impact of brain drain and their impact on the State of origin.
A effective mechanism is also being established.
Indonesia has been victims of a number of terrorist attacks, including the recent terrorist attacks in Bali, which occurred on 12 October 2002 and the attacks on the part of the Oector brigade in Jakarta, held on 5 August 2003.
In order to address the case, the Mission established the Counter-Terrorism Task Force.
All components of the broad coalition in Monterrey are also part of the High-level Dialogue, national Governments, major stakeholders, other intergovernmental organizations, civil society and business sector.
After a comprehensive review of the information provided by some Member States in the period of the period 2001-2003, the National Committee on Population and Budgetary Questions, in the context of a comprehensive review of a number of Member States, had been reviewed in the context of the actual review of the actual rate of exchange between States, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Myanmar, Myanmar, the Syrian Arab Republic, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Myanmar, Myanmar, the Syrian Arab Republic, Uruguay and Venezuela, and to all levels of market exchange.
Once the Committee decided to calculate data on the scale of assessments for the period 2003-2006, the Committee will be used on the basis of a specific methodology outlined in paragraph 1 of resolution 55/5 B.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the long-term financial obligations of the United Nations in the implementation of the decisions of the United Nations, but it was understood that the future budget for the future implementation of the judgement will be examined in accordance with the provisions of the legal, financial and financial reasons provided by each request in support of each request;
The Chairman also held several informal consultations.
Confidence-building is a dynamic process.
Pursuant to Decree No. 134 of 5 May 2000, the Prime Minister of the United Nations Convention on Human Rights on the United Nations Convention on Human Rights has to provide responsibility to the United Nations Convention on Human Rights on a cross-cutting working group.
A further detailed report will be made to provide more detailed reports not only to the conclusions of the Conference but also to the discussion.
In favour:
The infant mortality rate is 110.1 per 1,000 live births; a life expectancy in the birth of the birth; and the United Nations Development Programme, the Human Development Report 2000, 2000, New York, 2000.
In 1991, the European Community, Japan and Canada had established action to promote action and establish the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms.
During the period from 1 June 2002 to 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library held 12 training courses, including staff staff, staff staff and government officials, interns, representatives of non-governmental organizations, the depository Library and the visit to visit.
In such cases, the branch and subsidiary bodies shall notify the bank or financial institutions in order to establish a computer system in order to establish a computer system and to follow up on currency flows.
Draft Anti-Terrorism Bill
At the interregional level, special emphasis will be placed on the need to respond to technical cooperation needs in the framework of technical cooperation for trade-related technical assistance in the context of multi-agency trade-related technical assistance, and the expansion of South-South trade and poverty reduction.
The proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and the proposed budget for the biennium 2004-2005 have maintained resources in all languages, reflecting the importance of language capacity.
5.1 General comments
Article 1
It urged the Government to ensure that the higher and retraining education of lawyers and judges are fully included in the understanding of equality and non-discrimination and the understanding of international norms and norms.
Currently, in many countries of the federal, such a cross-sectoral working group has been established because the fight against trafficking can be successful only through close cooperation with the unit.
(1) The State party shall adopt special temporary measures to expedite the realization of the equality of women and men, without prejudice to the discrimination in the present Convention, but shall also lead to the maintenance of inequality or criteria, and that these measures should be implemented after the purpose of the equality and treatment of women and men.
In the category of the sub-section (in equivalent to the executive branch), the proportion of women in Germany in Germany is 5.2 per cent, and the proportion of women in the C category in the CC level (in equivalent to the equivalent level) is 52,72 per cent of women, and the proportion of women (377 and 32 men).
(a) The contribution of the child to the entire social community.
With regard to women's participation in cultural life, the following elements can be added:
States Parties should take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in all matters related to marriage and family relations, and to ensure that women are based on the basis of gender equality:
Income of income in the euro of the year of the year-time employees
We are particularly concerned about the situation in the Middle East.
I now give the floor to the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations.
At the current time, Israel continues to increase tensions and create the territory of Syria.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization
Many of the international conferences on organized crime and international cooperation, in particular:
1987-1986, Deputy Prosecutor of the Zadaa, Ukraine.
• In accordance with article 5 of the Penal Code, the person who may assist and instigate terrorist crime is responsible for the offence of the offence of crime committed in the case of the offence.
Official Journal of the Official Gazette on 21 May 2002.
It is a matter of concern for the purpose of the depositary to transmit to other States Parties to transmit the admissibility of the reservation to other States.
Needless to do so, the depositary will change the nature of an oversight unit, which may lose the nature of the “UN” nature, in accordance with the current law, and that this is not easy.
Accordingly, the Committee urges the Committee to pay more attention to the issue of liability of foreign vessels and more attention to the efforts of flag States, registration States, appropriate circumstances, as well as the corresponding prevention of cooperation with port States.
It was also suggested that, in the context of the recent trends in international law, the provisions of the legislation, such as environmental and economic law, a comprehensive investigation of rules and mechanisms that might be found in the relevant international instruments to address the potential of conflicts in the relevant international instruments and to analyse the rules and mechanisms of general international law, in particular the rules governing international law, should be analysed in order to determine whether they are sufficient.
Organizational matters.
In 2001, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights issued a statement on the issue of poverty and human rights in the context of the decision of the Commission in 1998 to make a statement on the concept of poverty and human rights.
Participants concluded that more efforts must be made to enhance the dissemination of information on its mandate and activities.
The Ugandan Defence Forces has withdrawn a conflict to avoid conflict, from the relocation of the Mambio camp and the police station.
He expressed the view that States were concerned, but urged delegations to reach a compromise.
Germany recognizes that terrorism and excessive armaments would threaten international peace and security.
In recent years, the most important majority of the efforts made in the Middle East are outside the Council.
A decision makers would like to ensure that there is sufficient training of trainers, with a view to addressing the expansion of scientific capacities and greater attention to the need for greater knowledge.
Article I
Noting that most of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
Informal consultations on agenda item 52 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
The two-year cycle will be identified in each annual policy session.
Policy document of the Secretary-General
Recognizing also the important role of new technologies and new technologies in enhancing national production and competitiveness, and the need for capacity-building and measures to promote transfer and diffusion of technologies to developing countries and to promote public awareness of science and technology,
Each Party and armed conflict parties shall take all feasible measures to take all feasible measures under the control of explosive remnants of war under their control, to bring civilian populations, civilians and civilian objects from explosive remnants of war.
It should be carried out in a timely manner with explosive remnants of ammunition, as appropriate, to ensure that ammunition is expected to be expected.
Welcoming also the convening of the review process for the Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, held in New York from 8 to 19 April 2002 at the first session of the Preparatory Committee on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons,
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In our efforts to combat terrorism, we also need to ensure the dignity and fundamental freedoms of individual individuals and ensure that democratic processes and legitimate procedures are not being violated.
This report helped the Committee to measure the extent of compliance with sanctions and to identify technical assistance required to improve implementation of the country.
In 2002, the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States continued to promote the integration of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 for the Decade of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010, in the work of United Nations agencies, funds and programmes.
Audit management
Draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.8 and A/C.2/58/L.49
It may be useful to explore a policy on staff resources, as well as in the United Nations Office on Human Settlements Management (see para. 19 above), in order to meet the needs of staff staff in mass or complex emergencies, in order to meet the needs of staff staff in mass or complex emergencies, while the United Nations reserve staff, including the high-level reserve.
This has enabled WHO to receive adequate qualifications to the World Bank's ability to meet the World Bank's experience, with a view to coordinating the relationship between the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) with a view to coordination (although the provision provided by WHO in the overall activities of the United Nations Institute for Training in East Timor).
Details are provided in the report of the Secretary-General on 4 October 1999 (S/1999/1024).
Sixth session
The Conference of the Parties,
Mr. Robert Mugabe, President of the Republic of Zimbabwe, was escorted into the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Mack (Barbados): I am particularly honoured to congratulate you, Mr. President, on your assumption of the presidency of the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
The EU recently emphasized the proliferation of the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction in common foreign and security policies, which demonstrates our great desire to work together in our efforts.
Non-personnel mines should not contain anti-personnel mines.
He welcomed the fact that the report of the UNCTAD report recognizes the development of the least developed countries.
The Advisory Group recommended that the ninth session of the Sub-Commission be held in March 2004.
It also recognizes the role of regional commissions in providing important technical cooperation services to developing countries.
At the time of the Conference on Disarmament, I would like to join members of the hope that the Disarmament Commission will be the only body of the Disarmament Commission — the sole institution of the Commission on the review and delineation of disarmament principles, as well as a framework for effective and meaningful exchange.
For the date of nuclear weapons, humankind has been working on the elimination of nuclear weapons.
We are seen as an important gesture that will look seriously on the practical modalities and means of the search for nuclear disarmament.
The first speaker is the representative of Greece of the European Union.
While the Ottawa Convention is different, it did not have a comprehensive prohibition of mines, but it has been widely supported by the main support of mines and major production countries.
At the same time, my Government has sent a clear signal that it does not intend to sacrifice the future, which has been nominated by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Institute of Foreign Affairs, as a matter of great priority.
The Government of the Congo believes that the draft model legislative provisions of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Private Financing Infrastructure would enable States to coordinate their own legislation, which would enable States to coordinate their own legislation and to the UNCITRAL Legislative Guide on Private Financial Infrastructure Infrastructure, which is a single text and that all legislative recommendations should be retained.
Consideration of the meeting, including the dates and dates of the date
Recalling further paragraph 102 of the Final Document adopted by the Conference of Heads of State and Government of the Non-Aligned Movement, held in Kuala Lumpur from 20 to 25 February 2003, noting that, inter alia, the Ad Hoc Committee of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean will continue to hold informal consultations on the future work of the Commission,
Table 11.5 Resource requirements by subprogramme (Thousands of United States dollars)
In addition to mine action, it is one of the priorities for peace and security.
We believe that, in many post-conflict situations, the problem of mines is a prerequisite for peace consolidation and reconciliation.
In Guatemala, the establishment of a administrative coordination unit was established to carry out the fire and destruction of unexploded ordnance.
In addition, the representative of Israel announced that he was ready to cooperate with mines.
The progress made in implementing the HIPC Initiative is very difficult and slow, and it has not been possible to reach that country's countries at the end of the process at the end of the process.
UNFPA expects that the implementation of the ERP system will replace all existing systems used by Headquarters and country offices.
Training.
Posts.
Document
The sentenced prisoners of sentences may be carried out in the form of electronic monitoring through the end of four months of imprisonment.
UNEP noted that it supported the work of the Centre for the Prevention of Crime in the field of crime prevention and expressed its desire to cooperate in the future of common interest.
In view of the responsibilities of the President of the Islamic Summit, I believe that I have the responsibility to inform you at the request of the Council, so that you would be able to transmit to the members of the Security Council so that they take into account our position in their consideration.
If we continue to work on the above important points, I believe that we can be able to share new prospects for global security: the threat of terrorism faced by the war, including terrorism, is respected.
The remaining remaining reports will be reported.
The Panel's original claim on the “C” claims” and the “C” claims in the amount of the total amount: i.e. the number of Kuwaiti, Jordan and Palestinians submitted by Governments and international organizations.
The important purpose of the review is to provide a brief picture of a number of issues in the field of technical cooperation with the United Nations in order to assist programme countries in decision-making on technical cooperation, and assist donors in making necessary adjustments to funding decisions.
In accordance with such a statement, the interaction between the United Nations technical cooperation providers would have a choice, and overall coherence would be achieved through national programmes.
Also welcomes the ongoing dialogue between the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee and the Committee on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights in the fight against terrorism, and encourages the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee to continue its efforts to promote and protect human rights in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the Security Council and the relevant resolutions of the United Nations Office at Geneva, in particular with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, to take due consideration to the promotion and protection of human rights;
The concept of a culture of peace includes respect for the freedom of life, full respect for human rights, freedom of violence, sustainable human development, conflict prevention and tolerance, solidarity and mutual understanding among national and ethnic, religious, cultural and other groups and individuals, today, a series of values, ideas, traditional practices, practices and lifestyles in the concept of peace, which has become an integral part of the national, regional and multilateral forums.
Contributions pledged for the United Nations Development Fund for Women in 2003 as at 30 June 2003
For example, in the event of international military operations, the Norwegian Armed Forces did not use a single cluster bombs that could be used by the non-mibre.
Albania, Belgium, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Hungary, Hungary, Hungary, Hungary, Italy, Hungary, Hungary, Hungary, Lithuania, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Norway, Portugal, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Spain, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey, Spain, Spain, Slovenia, Slovenia, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Slovenia, Slovenia, Spain, Spain, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Spain, Spain, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Spain, Spain, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Spain, Spain, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Spain, Spain, Slovenia, Slovenia, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain,
Concluding observations of the Committee on the Rights of the Child (CRC/C/15/Add.201) 2003, para. 56, para. 56, A/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/23/Add.1, para.
In this regard, we welcome the results achieved at United Nations Headquarters at United Nations Headquarters at United Nations Headquarters.
It would not be allowed to be allowed to submit a long-term national report to the countries that are responsible for supporting and supporting terrorism.
Also calls upon Israel to comply with Article 112 of the Charter of the United Nations and the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations, in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, and in the maintenance of security and facilities of the Agency, and the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations;3
The following control
Informal consultations on agenda item 107 (Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing”, after resolution 57/167, submitted a report entitled “Follow-up to the Second World Assembly on Ageing” (A/58/160).
Article 20 identifies the provisions of a continuing nationality for the date of the receipt of the request, which would be subject to a legal basis, based on judicial grounds, and to the legal law.
However, some of those employees have been excluded from the export of the labour market, while they have been protected by the labour market, but, in spite of the lack of protection of the right of trade unions, the mediation of the labour relationship has been a number of conflicts in the labour relations, but also in the case of the employment relationship, which has led to the settlement of disputes such as human rights and the environment.
The delegation of New Zealand acknowledged that the minimum leave of the father would limit a number of fathers to join the programme, especially in particular, in particular the wage gap between men and women.
In order to resist pressure from the group on the rights of men, New Zealand strives to uphold the work of the child on the elimination of marriage or relationships.
They considered that the provisional review of the Chemical Review Committee has been established and clearly provided, with a view to recommending recommendations, but that all relevant criteria in the distribution of asbestos should have been met, but also followed by relevant procedures.
Table 3. Third instalment category “A” claims
(c) Contributions of the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.5
Resolutions
Macroeconomic policy questions
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
A/C.3/58/L.32 Item 116 -- Right of peoples to self-determination -- Draft resolution -- Use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the right of peoples to self-determination [A C E F R S]
Long-term private capital flows to developing countries
The increase in the first net flows is attributable to the rapid growth of industrialized countries' financial deregulation and the rapid growth of the United States dollar.
In the 1990s, the official “saving” action was a major international mechanism dealing with debt servicing capacity, but many issues considered the application of such approaches.
The International Day of Debt Reduction, International Development of Small Countries, The African Union of Landlocked Poor Countries (HIPC) Meeting of the Economic and Social Council, the African Ministerial Meeting on the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries, vol. 7 of the HIPC Ministerial Meeting, 27 September 2002 and Washington, D.C. at www.d.org.uk.
(h) Develop common and integrated third-party insurance plans at bilateral, subregional and regional levels;
The Secretary-General's report (A/57/387) refers to the two measures taken by the recommendation of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations and analysis of special procedures, including a better standard for operational activities and reporting guidance; and strengthening the capacity of the Organization to support the capacity of the special procedures of special procedures, including the appointment of senior professional staff and providing good administrative support.
However, it is encouraging that the number of women members of the National Assembly in the National Assembly, which was a woman, had also been women.
At present, the number of students enrolled in school at the secondary level has reached the capacity of the existing education infrastructure.
While there is no special plan for women in favour of women, the Government of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Sudan, in order to reflect the special needs and potential of women.
In the case of divorce, the divorce is not less than the other other countries, but it does not prohibit divorce.
In order to combat the actions taken by such transactions, the number of women who have been used to combat such transactions is to be transferred to the sea, such as the lack of monitoring and processing, and no advice on HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.
Ministry of Education of the Royal Royal Government of Bhutan, 2001.
It is widely recognized that trade liberalization would bring enormous economic benefits.
The first phase of the World Summit on the Information Society in Geneva will help improve the use of information and communication technologies for all countries to reduce the digital divide.
Finally, in the light of the areas reached by the agreement, the draft articles on the relationship between States and property, as well as the discussion of the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities adopted by the Committee at its forty-third session, in accordance with the draft articles of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space and its Ad Hoc Committee, should be prepared in order to develop a universal instrument and to recommend the format of the instrument.
The two hotel had been occupied by Iraqi forces, and the second hotel was used as a result of the fact that the second hotel was used as a centre of hostage hostage and Kuwaiti prisoners, while the hotel of third claims is widespread by the withdrawal of Iraqi forces.
Accordingly, in the light of the three claims submitted by the authorities in Kuwait, the Panel concluded that the first and second claimant had claimed the following of the three claims of the authority of the agencies in Kuwait, the first and second claimants, as well as the first and second claimants, on 31 March 1991 and 9 July 1991, as well as the third and second claimants, as well as the claim of appropriate compensation for the period of 1 January 1993 as well as the third claimant.
11.11 The value of the commercial securities is the value of cash and reserves, and is based on the assumption of expected profits and loss.
Ibid., paras.
Bearing in mind the serious threat to the safety, health and life of the civilian civilian population and other unexploded ordnance and the humanitarian, peacekeeping and rehabilitation programmes and operations,
Report of the Secretary-General submitted pursuant to paragraph 24 of Security Council resolution 1483 (2003) (S/2003/785)
Iraq has a great contribution to our legal, scientific and artistic understanding and the identification of a great contribution to the great contribution of humankind.
It is clear that the contribution of the Iraqi people with a common value of the Iraqi people should be a response to their own aspirations and aspirations.
The proportion of national per capita gross income declined to half half of 2000.
The information received from the Office of the Special Coordinator of the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Territories of the United Nations in the occupied territories of the United Nations (UN Coordinator) was provided on 16 September 2003.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Executive Board approve the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 for the biennium 2002-2003 for the preparation of the proposed staffing for the biennium 2002-2003 and, taking into account the circumstances described in paragraph 8 above, approved projections for 2004-2005.
Therefore, the resignation of the Office of Internal Oversight Services visited two United Nations information centres.
United Nations
Source: Gender statistics for the Ministry of Education and Science of the Ministry of Science and Science of the Ministry of Statistics of the National Institute of Statistics.
In the total mortality of the population, 371 people were killed in 1999 and 439 per cent were women.
The network is composed of professionals and efforts to promote the specific issues of women's health in the preparation of programmes and surveys.
Policies and programmes
Legal amendments to the situation listed above
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/14.
They have a serious impact on children.
There is no doubt that this issue is a long-term challenge to the entire United Nations family.
In many countries, children are the main victims of armed conflict.
The United States has maintained support for the age of 18 years of recruitment or non-State actors to recruit recruitment or non-State actors.
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Commends the efforts of the Board to monitor implementation of the relevant resolutions of the Economic and Social Council, in particular following the following:
* As a result of internal consultations, the deadline submitted by the present document was delayed.
The public sector can be seen as efficient and operational in the context of the effectiveness of the public sector, or the “right” of its objectives.
The meeting was decided.
Operative paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
In this view, a comprehensive approach could not be achieved.
See also the Protocol for the Establishment of the International Oil Pollution Facility for the International Oil Pollution Fund, which is supplemented by “party parties”.
On 21 June 2003, my Special Representative sent a letter to the Administrator of the Secretary-General, in accordance with resolution 1483 (2003), to clarify the provisions of the United Nations common and individual responsibilities in accordance with the provisions of resolution 1483 (2003).
http://www.cisg.org/documents_29299.htm
Improving the right of everyone to cultural rights and respect for different cultural identities
Such lessons can be generated through external evaluation, project monitoring and/or/or in implementation of projects in the implementation of projects.
While awareness-raising and understanding has been more rare in order to change the situation, they can usefully complement and enhance information and actions on other types of interventions.
Recalling the Convention on the Liability of Liability Caused by Objects Launched into Outer Space and the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space,
In addition, the new military liaison officer did not allow military liaison officers to provide full freedom of movement in the city and in Bouaké, and they would only allow military liaison officers to control them.
Financial aspects
Requests the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to cooperate with other relevant international and regional organizations to assist States in developing legislation and regulations, and to provide for ratification and implementation of other expertise or technical assistance to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its Protocols to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, to continue to support the Centre's work in this regard through voluntary contributions to the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Let us strengthen terrorism.
In its efforts to find a peaceful settlement of the crisis in Iraq in the Security Council, Angola has consistently advocated peace in peace and to reaffirm the use of force for the use of force.
I would also like to thank Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei for his excellent work, which is characterized by neutrality and objectivity.
At the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken on the draft articles and operative paragraphs 35 (a) of the provisional agenda, which was retained by 51 votes to 1, with 1 abstentions.
The text of the resolution was adopted without a vote.
While the Committee wished to make no effort to improve the capacity of the Committee to comply with the Protocol, the Committee is also aware of the fact that the baseline data is a serious matter, only if the Committee has completed sufficient justification for the submission of a proposal to submit a proposal for submission in the future, and that it would be suggested that this approach should be made in the future.
He concluded that, in the context of the two major atmospheric changes, environmental impacts would make us more well to the efforts to protect the ozone layer: we have reached the rapid pace of the success of our success.
(ii) In addition to the necessary use of the Parties, the provisions of the plan of methyl bromide shall be terminated on 1 January 2007 in accordance with the provisions of the reduction plan;
The Netherlands has signed an attempt to strengthen cooperation with Colombia, including cooperation between the public sector and the private sector, such as the police and port companies.
(ii) The parties to the interim measures are not received to the parties or to the appropriate notice of the proceedings of arbitration, in particular in the case of the court may be brought to the arbitral tribunal by the arbitral tribunal to suspend the proceedings before the author; or
It was further explained that the draft amendment was intended to be the right of the courts to refuse to recognize and enforce a temporary measure, but the Court should not be sure that there is a major problem that the Court should not be sure that it is appropriate for the implementation and recognition of the right.
It was agreed that the provision should be avoided in order to avoid unnecessary exclusion from articles 35 and 36.
In that connection, the Working Group considered that the procedure for the application of the procedure should be left.
If a State is to be able to refuse the circumstances of the execution, it is not inconsistent with the harmonization of the common provisions.
C. Consideration of the quality and cost of logistics services 12 - 16 7
Vienna, 17-21 November 2003
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce (“Procurement”) was also the lack of specific rules.
The Court agreed that the Internet-for-food advertising is not only to be invited to be invited to be invited by the author, and it was considered that a binding contract would only be established only if the seller accepts the price price (creder).
According to the financial intermediaries, the financial police police is mainly composed of the National Police Unit (art. 510) of 7 May 1997 and the following authority of the Ministry of Public Police, in accordance with the provisions of Decree No. 15 of 26 May 1997, as amended by the Council of Regulation No. 15 of 26 May 1991, as follows:
It is clear that this crime must be committed in the territory of Italy or in any case it must be within the jurisdiction of Italy.
One crime
(Signed) N.E. Mr. NUOOBOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
At the same time, the Special Court is not affected by the fundamental nature of the national courts of Cambodia.
The accused of the accused of the accused, Mr. Fazzi, Gazmqq and Fizizu, had been accused of the city of Ginaina, which was accused of terrorist activities, illegal customs and ammunition and incitement to hatred.
It reaffirms the importance of the inter-agency working group of the United Nations Convention on Environment and Climate, as appropriate, in the context of the work of the Inter-Agency Working Group on the Strengthening of the Inter-Agency Working Group on Climate Change and Climate Change, as appropriate, and the SBSTA notes that the process of cooperation between the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity and the Convention on Climate Change should be invited to avoid duplication of efforts to prevent duplication of tasks and to enhance duplication of resources, to prevent duplication of resources and to enhance duplication of resources in the context of the implementation of the Convention, and to enhance duplication of resources to enhance duplication of resources and to enhance duplication of resources, to enhance duplication of resources and to strengthen synergies with the potential conflicts.
The University of the University of the University of Malta, in 2003, Professor of Foreign Affairs and the University of Turin, Professor of the United Nations Educational and Works Agency for Human Rights (OHCHR) and the Director-General of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Requests the secretariat of the Global Environment Facility to initiate dialogue with the secretariat of the UNCCD, in order to streamline the guidance of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Global Environment Facility (GEF) and programme learned, in order to streamline these guidance, in order to streamline these guidelines and to report on the results of this dialogue in the report submitted to the COP at its tenth session;
It should be flexible to serve as a framework for promoting action by States to address specific needs and needs of Parties and reflect national priorities and initiatives.
In addition, taking into account the devastation caused by conflicts, the Committee considers that the assessment of the assessed rate of the country in 2003 was more desirable, and it is desirable that the United Nations operational rate rate, rather than price adjustment rates, should be applied to the current scale.
The European Union believes that, in accordance with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, a number of assessed contributions should not lead to the increase in other Member States that have not been included in the scale of the adoption of the outcome of the General Assembly.
The United States Virgin Islands is a United States of America, but the territory of the United States of America.
The right to freedom of expression, expression, association and freedom of religion is included in the Code of Public Rights, as well as the right to freedom of expression, expression, association and religion.
One of the concerns raised in recent years is the low dropout rate of the Territory.
He regretted that the parties to the conflict against civilians committed against civilians in Burundi regretted the call for a lasting peace of all parties.
With regard to the International International Day of Canada and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Canada, a senior diplomatic diplomat had been made to the Permanent Secretariat of UNESCO in the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime.
(c) International financial system and development;
The legislation on the objectives of the Al-Qaida and the Taliban have been updated in order to enable them to comply with the provisions of the Security Council Committee on Security Council resolutions on sanctions and the exceptions envisaged in resolution 1452 (2002).
(c) Order of the Ministry of Education of the Ministry of Education on 7 January 1979
The review was the result of the fact that OIOS terminated nine of the three audit recommendations, and reaffirmed four recommendations, which were accepted by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Conditions of service and compensation for other official officials of the General Assembly for the services of the General Assembly, as well as the Chairman of the International Civil Service Commission (A/C.5/57/35)
In the context of any crime applicable to this article, the State party shall endeavour to expedite extradition proceedings and simplify the evidence of evidence in accordance with domestic law.
Unless the State party to the person shall be transferred in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 11 of this article, the State party to the person shall not be subjected to the prosecution, detention, punishment or respect of any other limitations in the territory of the State of the State of the State of origin, as well as any other limitations in the territory of the State to be transferred to the State.
(d) Evaluation and strengthening institutional, public and public management, public financial management, including public procurement, and the private sector;
Each State Party shall, in accordance with the requirements of the Conference of States Parties, provide information on programmes, plans and practices taken by States to implement this Convention, and to provide information on the legislative and administrative measures taken by their countries.
Israel and Palestine must live in peace and security within the borders of the internationally recognized borders.
It must be allowed that North Korea and nuclear weapons should be allowed from the position of the North-East Asia and the international non-proliferation positions.
Chapter I
Are other efforts to enhance domestic capacities?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS issued a revised version of the Guidelines (www.unhchr.ch/hv/96), providing guidance to States and other actors on prevention, medical care, care and support for HIV/AIDS.
b The former Federal Republic of Germany was replaced by 1 February 1975, 2,33.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided that the term term should be on the date of its election until 21 April.
The revised call for the revised appeal remains inadequate, only 7.5 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure the realization of the equality and equality of women in accordance with article 2, paragraph 2, of the Convention.
The Committee recommends that the State party establish a specific legislation against trafficking in persons and to ensure that it is effective.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing policy and its federal housing programmes and take measures at the national level to ensure adequate housing facilities and equipment in households.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the land of land and to ensure that any expulsion exercise is protected in the context of the Committee's general comment No. 7 of the Committee.
A joint statement should be encouraged.
They also contain a very useful definition of tangible terminology, such as “the term” or “proceeds”, which are different meaning in paper on the environment and electronic environment.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress and challenges in the achievement of the major goals and indicators adopted by the United Nations in the past decade and on limitations
Activities:
To determine the conditions of industrial research and technical development in Iraq, and to provide necessary support for reconstruction reconstruction.
The Arab Labour Organization believes that all social partners in Iraq must provide the following forms of assistance to all social partners, including labour management organizations, businessmen and workers.
- A broad number of organizations will provide assistance to the development of the relevant norms of broadcasting and television production.
In addition, the high-income and middle-income countries are encouraged to contribute to UNICEF's core resources, so as to avoid more excessive dependence on the limited dependence of donors.
Many of these are clearly reflected in the title of the UNDAF and the contribution of UNICEF to the Millennium Development Goals.
The draft decision was adopted.
The FIU, therefore, will disseminate training programmes to prevent the acquisition of capital through the Forum, seminars and conferences, and to promote the protection of capital and financing for terrorism.
With regard to illegal synthetic drugs, especially amphetamine-type stimulants, we have been very difficult for their lands and production, but illegal production has begun to expand the traditional centre of the North America, Europe and Eastern Asia.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The Secretariat informed the Permanent Representative of the Permanent Representative of the Red Cross and the substantive preparatory process to be distributed to all members of the Committee and are distributed to all members of the Committee, and the final version of the approved final version will be posted as soon as possible.
Add in the first preambular paragraph
It was reported that, in January 2003 to May 2003, official exports amounted to $2,800 million.
No one is submitted under this item.
Emphasizes that the primary objective of the use of new technologies should be to improve the quality of conference services and to ensure that the highest cost-effectiveness of conference services are timely, and requests the Secretary-General to report on the use of new technologies;
In order to achieve this objective, the Forum is aimed at consensus on key issues such as Africa's development, and the Forum is aimed at a consensus on key issues on Africa's development, and on the modalities for strengthening relations between Africa and its bilateral and multilateral partners.
Ms. Gabr considered that poverty was directly affected by the education of girls and that the illiteracy rate has also affected women's employment, and she said that it was clear that emergency remedies were clearly needed.
UNICEF's specific support has been provided in national programmes.
The case has been provided only in the case, without a one.
The Council reiterates its intention to continue close review of the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina and welcomes the European Union Police Mission deployed since 1 January 2003.
As a result, the Joint Command of the United States Command has been used to “the United Nations Command” as a “United Nations military commander” and has been subjected to abuse, which has been subjected to the sovereignty of United Nations Member States.
I should be grateful if you would arrange for the present letter to be circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda item 10, and of the Security Council.
Fifty-eighth session
These consultations include the Chairman of the Chairman to participate in the general comments on the general comments of the General Committee on the Right to Housing, Women's Development and the International Economic, Social and Cultural Rights Network, which was held in Toronto from 19 to 20 July 2003.
Figure 2 shows the export income data provided by various sources.
This provision is the obligation of the persons to investigate and prevent the human rights of persons in the prevention of human rights.
The Joint Fact-Finding Group has continued to continue to investigate incidents of violence under the auspices of the parties.
Human rights officers continue to provide advisory services to the local population.
Geneva, 30 June-25 July 2003
Professional and professional staff for one year or one year
Table 1 provides a comparison of gender distribution in both departments and grade levels.
The United Nations Development Group (UNDG) report to the High-level Committee on Management on the issue of the work of the High-level Committee on Management and also presented the principles, objectives and objectives of the employment of spouses.
In April 2000, the International Family Care Organization, entitled “The life of women's lives in the lives of women: skilled care initiatives” and the five-year US$ 8 million grants for the “Houng-care Initiative”, significantly increased the funding base of the international family community.
On 19 April 2000, the President of the Association of the Association of Associations, Mr. M. G. G. G. G. M.e. the Secretary-General of the United Nations, wrote to the Secretary-General of the United Nations for the adoption of the International Charter of the International Court of Justice adopted by the International Court of Justice.
The definition is that individuals, families and communities have a long-term or temporary expulsion of their homes or land in a long-term or temporary manner, and that the right to adequate legal or other forms of protection is not available.
However, the conclusions of the study on the impact of a study on the impact of sanctions by the United Nations and other United Nations and other United Nations and other United Nations organizations, however, was the result of such exemptions.
In order to effectively exercise this function, the nature and impact of the Convention, as well as on the nature and impact of the Convention, must play an important role in the implementation of the Convention.
Article 13 (2) (b) - The right to secondary education
However, self-government must be linked to public responsibility, which is more important for the country.
The Committee considers that corporal punishment is incompatible with the fundamental principles of international human rights law contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and two the Convention, as well as the dignity of individual persons.
Specific legal obligations
In particular, international financial institutions, in particular the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, should give greater attention to the protection of the right to health by their lending policies, credit agreements and structural adjustment programmes.
The State's indigenous peoples provide resources to help them design, supply and manage water resources; and the lack of adequate water for the people of nomadic, asylum-seekers, internally displaced persons and returning persons, as well as in urban and rural areas, are adequate water.
The State party's intervention intervention may constitute the obligation for respect for respect.
The State Ombudsman, the Commission on Human Rights and similar agencies should be allowed to deal with the cases of the protection of water.
“The Committee reiterates its efforts to assist States parties in fulfilling their reports.
Each State Party has generally stated that the use of a state of emergency use in the legal system has been given to the provisions of the legal provisions applicable to the application of the law.
Article 19
In order to comply with the specific provisions of paragraph 3 (a), it may be noted that the offences provided in a written or written form may be given to the legal and factual facts.
In interpreting the scope of the limitation clause, the State party should focus on the protection of the rights guaranteed by the Convention, including those contained in articles 2, 3, and 26 and the right to equality, based on all reasons, based on all reasons.
In many of the provisions of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the interplay between many articles can be ensured in the implementation of the Convention.
The principle of a one vote must be implemented and shall be equal in the framework of each State's electoral system.
The State party must provide information to enable the Committee to assess the impact of any legal and customs impact of any legal and customs protection of the rights of women in the enjoyment of the right to privacy and to the protection of other rights.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights provides the right of peoples to self-determination, in addition to the provision of racial, religious or linguistic minorities to enjoy their own culture, beliefs and practices and to use their own language.
In order to ensure independence and effective oversight, national human rights institutions must have adequate infrastructure, funding (including the provision of human rights institutions, staff, premises, not affected by a broad-based framework” and any financial control of their independence.
Each of the ministries of the Government can only participate in the expert.
It is clear that the views of the Non-Self-Governing Territories must be fully taken into account in any future programme of work of the future.
Therefore, we are not a formal draft resolution, but we hope that delegations have the opportunity to take into account their consideration and decide how we can do so.
The Committee may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of work.
Statement by the delegation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on the right of reply to the exercise of the right of reply by the Prime Minister of Mauritius on 24 September 2003
Requests the Secretary-General to prepare to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the preparations for the preparation of the International Year of Microcredit for the 2005 International Year of Microcredit, with Member States, the relevant United Nations system organizations, non-governmental organizations, civil society and the private sector, in order to submit the report of the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session.
Bermuda has three courts, namely the Tribunal, the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeal.
The Act provides the population of the Overseas Territories, including the British citizens of Bermuda.
At the same time, there is a high level of life in Bermuda's life, which is the highest day of the public power.
The average pension income for 15 years of age is 11.26 per cent.
Bermuda believes that the highest level of education in Bermuda's population is a key aspect of the comparative advantages of the population.
The objectives of these activities will include: government officials; criminal justice and criminal justice experts; public administration; the Ministry of Public Administration; and the number of publications in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice; and the number of publications and other publications of the specialized agencies; judges and members, judges, law enforcement officers and other relevant specialized groups.
This list should also include assets frozen pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999), 133 (2001) and 1390 (2002).
Calls upon all donor countries and countries to increase their contributions to the core/floor budget/budget budget, particularly through the Fund and the Fund, as well as the need to further explore other sources of financing, as well as the need to explore additional sources of financing, as well as other sources of financing, as well as alternative alternative;
Takes note of the importance of cooperation between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions, including through the strengthening of the strategic framework, approaches, modalities and partners of the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions, in this regard, stresses the need to ensure that the United Nations funds, funds and agencies, as well as the strategic framework of the Bretton Woods institutions, as well as the strategic framework of the Bretton Woods institutions, should be strengthened in this regard, in order to ensure consistency between the United Nations funds, the United Nations funds and agencies, and the strategic framework of the Bretton Woods institutions, including the Poverty Reduction Strategy;
Stresses the need to improve the institutional capacity of those countries in the context of conflict, natural disasters and other humanitarian crises, in order to improve their institutional capacity in the context of the development, reconstruction, long-term sustainable development, poverty reduction and peace-building efforts in the context of the development, reconstruction, long-term sustainable development, poverty reduction and peacebuilding;
Recalling also its agreed conclusions 1997/2 1997/2 of the gender perspective in all policies and programmes of the United Nations system, as well as its subsequent decision on the regular review and appraisal of the implementation of the agreed conclusions of the United Nations system in 2005 and its subsequent implementation of the agreed conclusions,
Taking into account the work programme of the Barcelona Declaration of the Barcelona Declaration, held in Barcelona in November 1995 and the programme of work annexed to the Declaration of the United Nations in Barcelona, in November 1995, designed to link the Mediterranean transport network and the cross-European transport network, to ensure that they are interlinked,
(d) The transfer and introduction of new technologies through foreign direct investment and other channels could not ensure that they have access to technology.
At its 42th plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, at its 42th plenary meeting, held the Council of Ministers of the United Nations Institute for Social Development (Turkey) on 30 June 2007, in which the President of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (Argentina) (Argentina) (Argentina) and Ms. D. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. (Russian Federation) and Ms. D. M. M. M. M. M. S. M. (A/CONF.191 and Northern Ireland).
At its 46th plenary meeting, on 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, in its resolution 2003/27 of 22 April 2003, decided to extend a three-year term of the mandate of the Committee on the right to adequate housing in the context of the right to adequate standard of living, and requests the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the Commission at its sixtieth session, on 23 July 2003.
Haitian people's homes and social integration Foundation
(d) Take note of the Commission's no consideration of the complaints of the following organizations:
Commission on Sustainable Development
Invites Parties to use, manufacture, import and/or export DDT Parties to provide use of relevant information on activities undertaken by the Secretariat at the first meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties at the first meeting of the Conference of the Parties;
The resources of the Conference of the Parties shall constitute:
The Legal Drafting Group noted that any procedure for the decision-making process had not been taken.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands to the Counter-Terrorism Committee
• Chile (16 June 1992;
Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme, to prepare the guidelines for the preparation of the preparatory preparatory meeting for the Eleventh Congress;
The number of speakers made a statement on the trends in trafficking in persons, which focused on data collection, combating global trends in trafficking, and trafficking in Africa, South-Eastern Europe and trafficking in children.
With regard to the trafficking in children in West Africa, the forms of education in the traditional rural children is being included in the urban family, which is a form of trafficking.
UNITAR workshop on the structure of United Nations resolutions on United Nations resolutions and the drafting and adoption of resolutions
The inspection did not find any indication that new nuclear facilities or other nuclear facilities are directly supported.
Question of Tokelau
It should not be overlooked in the efforts to combat terrorism.
At the first regular session of the Executive Board, in January 2003, the Executive Director presented a final projection of the implementation of the revised budget of UNOPS in 2002 (DP/2003/CRP.3) to the Executive Board, in fact, in practice, in practice of its respective operational parameters, with a view to achieving better results.
IAEA inspection team
The Panel: The Panel left the Canal Hotel at 8 August a.m. to be transferred to Al Qnana.
Article 19 of the Migrants Protocol and article 14 of the Trafficking Protocol.
Signature: Ghana (12 September 2003)1
Draft resolution III entitled “Implementation of the strategic deployment stocks”.
The draft resolution was adopted by 135 votes to 2, with 2 abstentions (resolution 57/36).
There is a very important need for the First Committee, and the First Committee remains an important venue for delegations.
We hope that the General Assembly will support the draft resolution as at the same session, as at the same session.
In the same way, we have adopted a number of countries through the support of the Organization of American States to comply with or ratify the Treaty through the support of the Organization of American States.
We also believe that the establishment of a panel of experts should be considered in order to allow the Secretary-General of the United Nations to convene a panel of experts to implement specific verification tasks.
In this context, it should be mentioned that the Global People's Democratic Republic of Norway will enhance the application of the Guiding Principles for the purpose of its primary mandate.
Although companies are the main legal personality in the area of diplomatic protection, it is not possible to provide the only legal personality of such protection.
Subject to the question of arbitration, judicial or similar procedures, the question of a dispute between the parties or the proceedings of the conciliation process is subject to the application of paragraph 1 of article 1 of this article, paragraphs 2 or 3.
I thank them for their presence and their presence in the peaceful settlement of the crisis.
However, it is not enough to provide the Unit with the greatest impact of the cost of activities of the United Nations system in the context of the cost of activities of the United Nations system.
The team has been able to fulfil its mandate and then returned to the Canal Hotel.
In accordance with Annex V of the Convention, in 2005, the United States of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, in 2005, assisted a theme-based network (including consultants, logistical costs and participants) to facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the regional level (including consultants, logistical costs and participants) to facilitate the implementation of the Convention at the regional level, in order to facilitate the implementation of the Convention (paras.
In the context of the future of the island's future, Saint Helena legislation issued 13 strategic objectives in the end of 2002 to enable the Government to negotiate its new three-year assistance agreement (7).
“f) The overall activities of a fixed-term location of the fixed-term location of a fixed-term location resulting from the project, as well as the overall activities of the fixed-term location of such activities.
The Government of Hungary believes that the present report and the reports submitted by the previous report will contribute to the Committee's action on the actions taken by Member States and submit recommendations on improving existing measures for consideration by the Security Council.
(2) In the case of the subparagraph, the seizure of a large asset or property, in which the assets or property of the assets or property of the assets or property of the Government or the international organization shall be imposed in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (1).
The Republic of the Republic of the Republic of Korea launched a “Gender-based monitoring group” of the Ministry of National Affairs of the Republic of Korea, and the sexual harassment and gender discrimination in the Internet.
The amount of subsidies paid for a one-time payment is determined by the Minister of Labour.
Women accounted for more than 50 per cent of the population's population in the 1990s, compared to 5.6 per cent in 1999 and 2000, and the number of women in the agricultural sector has become a major source of the agricultural sector.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (2000).
All acts, including birth, marriage, divorce, adoption, adoption, death, death, registration, adoption, adoption of the right to leave, death, registration, and the appointment of employees.
In 2002, it adopted a crime against organized crime.
Racism and Support of Indigenous Peoples
The summary of the record records of the summary records is at 2.25 p.m.
In the case of the latter, should be submitted to the Commission at its first session?
Ms. Weeee-Bbnn (Observer for International Monetary Fund) said that the intention of the IMF's intention not to develop a standard but recognized the criteria that the international community had developed.
We reiterate that Nigeria is convinced that international law is a basis for relations between States and that mutual respect for peace and the promotion of the world's membership is a source of inspiration.
Corruption is a major factor in economic performance and is a major obstacle to poverty reduction and development.
The Secretary of the Committee orally corrected the proposed draft programme of work for 2004 contained in document A/C.2/58/L.54/Rev.1.
Agenda item 95
The draft resolution notes with satisfaction the growing interaction between the United Nations system system and encouraged them to continue such collaboration to support the implementation of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
At the special session of the Security Council, held in March this year, the Security Council of Georgia, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Azerbaijan, Moldova and Moldova presented a report on counter-terrorism activities of the Group.
It is that this information has led to the Millennium Declaration and subsequent summits in the past few years, including the Monterrey, Doha and Johannesburg Summit.
The representative of Belize nominated by the representative of Belize (Jamaica) and was elected by acclamation by acclamation.
The representative of the Department of Public Information replied that there would be no change in the allocation of resources between the United Nations Radio Unit.
With regard to the agenda item 4 of the LDCs, he pointed out that the establishment of effective and sustainable capacity in LDCs was a complex issue, requiring long-term vision.
These goals are consistent with the international development goals of the governance of poverty and the international development indicators for poverty, at least 7 per cent of gross GDP growth, and GDP growth in gross domestic product.
With regard to the GATS negotiations, she expressed concern that many of them were not available public services.
With regard to technical cooperation, the secretariat should increase the effectiveness of activities, highlighting the importance of the evaluation and implementation of such work.
Moreover, these steps are not regulated.
One member from Latin American and Caribbean States;
Four members from Western European and other States.
Stressing the importance of South-South cooperation as an important element of international cooperation for development, as well as a practical opportunity for developing countries and countries with economies in transition to seek economic growth and sustainable development,
Scheduled official meetings
The Committee will also begin a general debate on 6 October 2003 on Monday, 6 October 2003, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The current agenda items and related actions are listed below below as follows:
Recalling its decision 2002/1 of 15 July 2002 on the establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on the establishment of a ad hoc advisory group for Africa, and the Council on the decision 2002/304 of 25 October 2002 on the establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau,
In order to combat trafficking and prostitution, the Government has adopted a series of measures, the Ministry of Gender and Policy of the Ministry of Labour and Social Security of Belarus, in November 2001, in the financial support of the United Nations agencies in the country in the United Nations, which was published in November 2001 and a brochure entitled “The problem of trafficking in persons” and a brochure.
Unless emergency steps take steps to address this deadlock, the situation of the fragile security situation in the country may be further exacerbated.
As shown in paragraphs 43 and IV of annex IV, the Fund proposed $5.5 million for the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium 2004-2005 and $4.3 million in programme budget for programme support, $4.3 million for the management and administration of administrative expenditures.
A total of the operational costs for the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (UNPA) has been assigned to the Foundation in the amount of a special special uses of the activities of the United Nations.
At the tenth session of the Tribunal, the Committee on Budget and Finance had preliminary consideration of the budget budget in 2004.
Addendum
Other matters
Rapporteur: Mr. Yarey (Ireland)
Takes note of the work of the Legal Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space at its forty-second session, under the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/116;
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the review of the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III;
1 December 2003
(d) In accordance with Article 5.2 of the statute of UNIDO, the request of Lithuania to restore the voting for its voting;
Noting with satisfaction that UNIDO has provided valuable support to the development of the national economy through implementation and improvement of the integrated programme of the Palestinian industrial sector, in particular in particular the encouraging results of the pilot phase of this project in 2000,
The analysis of the UNCTAD secretariat showed that Africa's problems are a long-term issue.
Even if the world's most optimistic growth outlook is expected, it seems to be difficult to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
The failure of trade negotiations in the Ministerial Ministerial Conference was another concern.
The same name in the Committee's work is fully aware of the same name.
We would like to recommend that this approach further regularly to Africa and other regional regions.
The outcome of these discussions should be the reference of the Council to the issue of its responsibility.
(d) In particular, through training of criminal justice officials and other relevant personnel, the need for the effective implementation of the needs of victims of trafficking against victims and the role of victims and victims in the investigation and prosecution of such crimes:
Ms. Simms explained the difficulties in the use of the term “indigenous peoples”.
FCCC/SBSTA/2006/INF.
He met with the senior ministers of the Government, including the Minister of the Interior, the Minister of the Interior, the Minister of Agriculture and Land Management of the Ministry of Land and Land Management.
The proposed programme would require extensive consultations, inter alia, with a view to further elaboration of a high-ended open debate, which should also be held in the next future, and that strong political will must be made to overcome the divide between “legal and regional” and “best regional”.
As a result of armed conflicts, the small land is a highly valuable asset, which allows the army to assert their ownership in the areas of war and other areas of war.
The analysis of the rules of the Standard Rules, which has resulted in many international organizations and individual experts, including a number of international organizations and individual experts, including the joint efforts of the Group of Experts on the Coordination of Persons with Disabilities.
In Australia's support to some of the entities of a number of entities, Australia's relevant authorities are investigating.
He was aware of the fact that the differences in the legal system, culture and different development phases should be taken into account in the drafting of a preventive mechanism, but he noted that these differences should not be seen as a justification for achieving the objectives of the future convention.
A number of Mid-term reviews had been found to be too broad and therefore recommended that UNFPA maintain appropriate priorities at the country level, and the selection of specific regional activities focused on a specific regional activity.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has examined the report with the assistance of experts, with a view to providing the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations to the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic.
(Signed) Kofi A.
Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation on international conciliation, the Russian Federation, the European Union, the European Union and the United Nations on the United Nations Road Map in East Timor
There were three deaths in the explosion, and more than 200 were injured.
We also support the establishment of the United Nations Observer Mission in order to help end the transitional process and to follow up follow-up actions at the end of the last year.
The Director of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina, in particular, refers to the contribution of the United Nations to women on women and its rights and needs, which cited some important documents in the United Nations publication.
In accordance with its statute, the main purpose of the Foundation is to implement the initiatives of society, such as promoting learning, research, culture and assistance activities, in order to promote social, particularly in the development of the cultural development of young people among young people, and to promote professional expertise in the prevention and prevention of organized crime investigations and judicial institutions.
Section 4
We take note of the ongoing work of the simplification and harmonization of programming tools and the strengthening of the capacity of the Resident Coordinator system, and we hope that these efforts will contribute to the decline in the cost of transactions of developing countries and strengthen national ownership.
We are confident that the Organization will benefit from a coherent approach to promoting institutional effectiveness, best utilization of resources, elimination of duplication, coordination and coordination, as well as for monitoring and evaluating performance.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) The United Nations military manoeuvres on the “Bongongong”” held in Libreville from 21 to 28 July 2003 in Libreville;
E. Cooperation with justice
The Consultative Process for the preparation of the proposed programme budget was expressed.
The expected accomplishment (a) is expected to add “in the mandate of programme managers”.
The Committee considers that the provision of assistance to the United Nations staff in the forthcoming post-retirement United Nations staff had been obsolete, and the International Civil Service Commission must review.
The Committee notes that the objectives of the Secretariat of the Chief Executives Board for Coordination are to ensure that the United Nations system had a more harmonized, more coordinated response to the policy directives and mandates of Member States and looked forward to the implementation of relevant sections of resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the implementation of General Assembly resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the implementation of the United Nations conferences and summits at the national, regional and international levels.
The Committee considered section 35 (b) of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 at its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003.
In this regard, the Committee stresses the need for CEB to review the coordination of inter-agency coordination of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
Responses to the questionnaire on transport and international organizations and international organizations
For example, there is a need to take into account the maritime dimension.
It should be considered by the General Assembly in the light of important recommendations on the establishment of a focal point for the establishment of a network.
New York
Their pension is a result of the age of the retirement and the age of the age of the age of the age, and the increase of $3.8 per cent (average increase of 6 per cent).
(c) The loss of tangible property claims
The claimant further stated that the assignment agreement agreed on 6 August 1990 and that the agreement had not been signed in the case of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The report relates to the claims for the review of a claim of $1 million for the review of the oil sector; E.E. claims related to the review of the oil sector; “E4” report reports related to the review of the environment and engineering claims; the report on the review of the third instalment report related to the review of the third instalment of claims;
Decision of the fifteenth instalment of compensation for the nineteenth instalment of claims (S/AC.26/Dec.210).
UNIDO has established a large multi-year programme of cooperation with the Economic and Development Bank/Islamic Investment Insurance Corporation, which will be implemented in September 2003 (Bangladesh, Sudan, Uganda and Yemen).
(a) New activities in Latin America and Uruguay in Latin America.
In Ethiopia, a number of waste waste devices have been established in Ethiopia, with a number of African countries to optimize activities ( cleaner technology).
Invites the Working Group to continue to consult the views and comments of all interested parties, including Member States, in preparation of reports;
At its 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of Australia introduced a draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism” (A/C.6/58/L.19, which had been orally revised and orally revised in operative paragraph 16 of the report of the Ad Hoc Committee to be held from 28 June to 2 July 2004.
Welcomes the important progress made by the Ad Hoc Committee of the Ad Hoc Committee established by the General Assembly in its resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 and the Working Group of the Sixth Committee established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/257, to elaborate significant progress on the work of international terrorism;
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• A large number of countries affected by small arms and light weapons have indicated that they need assistance in the implementation of legislation, but also in the implementation of legislative capacity in the development of legislation and implementation of legislation
(m) A copy of the import licences for the import and access of exporters to their local authorities must be obtained prior to imports;
(f) States may strengthen the exchange of information on weapons of mass destruction and to take measures to ensure the legitimacy of the shipment, at airports, seaports and border areas;
At the national level, the Division will provide a comprehensive solution to the implementation of a standard-based management system for the financial and/or Central Bank of the Central Bank, which will be trained and assisted effectively.
General Service (Other level) (Other level) (Other level) and Language Services Section of the former Common Services Division
2 P-4 (case manager)
• Cooperation with the Appeals Section and the Legal Counsel and Policy Section (paras. 1 (b) (i)) and Legal and Policy (especially the case of evidence and procedures)
The objective of this subprogramme is to monitor and prosecute the proceedings of the Appeals Tribunal, as follows:
• A significant participation and compensation for victims of the victim by the Section of the Section, and the lack of unnecessary delays or difficulties arising from proceedings
• General temporary assistant-16-16 (P-2)
As a result, the first half of the first half will be the time for the Secretariat to use its capacity.
Participation
The Committee requests the Government of Luxembourg to provide more information on the health of women's health, and therefore to investigate research studies in order to obtain sex-disaggregated data for children and child mortality, maternity care, prenatal and post-natal care and care.
There shall be no interpretation of the rights of the third State or the right to be encumbered.
Subject to the provisions of international law norms, the present Convention does not preclude the State party's exercise of any criminal jurisdiction established under domestic law.
The State party may provide a reasonable requirement for the State party to provide information on the status and progress of the measures taken by the State party to implement this request.
If the State party concerned has not yet entered into such agreements or arrangements, such a State Party may consider the application of the present Convention and to cooperate with mutual legal cooperation in any crime covered by this Convention.
Stresses the importance of the Convention and its implementation of international peace and security, and stresses that the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Chemical Weapons, through the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, will further contribute to the realization of this goal through a comprehensive, universal and effective implementation of the Convention;
Substantive session
Also requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session, if necessary, in cooperation with the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, in accordance with the principles and regulations of the Charter of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, in accordance with the principles and regulations of the Charter of the United Nations, to prevent discrimination against nationality, race, sex, religion and belief;
“2. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to take all necessary measures, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 3/13 B of 3 November 1980, in which the University of Jerusalem (Quds Al-Quds Al-Sharif) will take all necessary measures and to take due consideration to the recommendations contained in the resolution;
Strengthening capacity of public administration management to implement the United Nations Millennium Declaration
Even in the context of developing countries' standards, Burkina Faso is also a particularly poor country, which is in the context of the United Nations system, in which it has been prepared to bridge gaps between various initiatives and efforts to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
Has your country found the names of the listed individuals at their borders and in transit?
The speaker said that there is a need for greater efforts to promote the world's awareness of the United Nations work.
Scope of the regulations
Financial incentives: grant grants, credit subsidies and preferential price insurance; financial incentives: tax-of-service, reduction or removal of profits, capital, labour, sale, value and import; other incentives: such as infrastructure subsidies and public facilities.
In particular, in the implementation of the cluster development programme, the following practices should be borne in mind:
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions has proposed the same recommendations (A/58/7/Add.5, paras. 7 and 11), which could lead to the time frame.
The scope of activities during this period is broad.
The proposed programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001 was a comprehensive budget document for gender mainstreaming, which was adopted by the General Assembly in the light of the conclusions of the Economic and Social Council and the adoption of General Assembly resolution 52/100 of 12 December 1997, in which the General Assembly requested the Committee on Programme and Coordination to ensure that all programmes, the medium-term plan and the programme budget are clearly gender mainstreaming.
We cannot ignore the facts.
Israel does not stop the destruction of property, confiscation of land, the killing of Palestinian people, closure of the road, the construction of the wall, the construction of operations, the construction of operations and the use of all other measures in the holy holy sites of the Jewish Jewish.
Expressing concern at the increasing impact of the Organization's ability to provide assistance and protection to civilians in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations, as mandated by the United Nations Charter and its associated personnel, as mandated by the United Nations Charter and its associated personnel,
The need for results-based management is a requirement for full implementation of the Tribunal's work, and that the Tribunal's work should be given the desired results to be taken into account in appropriate considerations.
(k) Activities of the United Nations system: President of the General Assembly, the President of the General Assembly, to participate in a meeting on the role of the Tribunal in the United Nations system.
Other six cases relate to seven accused accused, which were a accused accused in the case of a person accused, one of whom was accused of a accused accused, a accused of a accused accused, a accused of a accused accused, a accused of one accused.
Following the request of the Tribunal on 9 July 2001, the Security Council adopted resolution 1431 (2002) which ratified the six ad litem judges.
With regard to other laws, the Special Rapporteur also noted that the United States citizens, in the case of the French National Security Service, was arrested and sentenced three years; the Australian citizen of Australia, in the light of the fact that the State of the State of China has been prepared and published on the basis of the first sentence of the death of the Chinese law in China; and 16 persons who were sentenced to the former Government of the Government of China in Hong Kong and Northern Justice.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to remind the United States authorities to pay the responsibility of the United States authorities in addressing the conflicts of Islam and hostility.
The Special Rapporteur stresses the serious nature of these allegations, noting that this has not been a letter on such incidents, and he regretted that the Government has not been able to respond to its communications.
The concept of freedom of movement is an important element of the human rights of the most basic human rights, namely the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
This year, our country will be able to achieve its greatest aspirations, i.e. the European Union.
We understand that the United Nations must be a central base for the global counter-terrorism coalition.
I am confident that, following attempts to modernize the United Nations instrument, there must be a careful analysis and careful judgement.
The authorities have been established, as it is the same.
These indicators have to be monitored by the Ministry of Health and other agencies to improve national goals and plans for the improvement of reproductive health services and child health.
After the adoption of the resolution, the representative of the United States of America made a statement (see A/C.2/58/SR.40).
These horrendous events have been able to make every effort to ensure that Iraq's democratic democracy is a culture of human rights, and to ensure that Iraq's democratic democracy is firmly rooted in human rights and will be brought to justice in the past decade.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.22 and A/C.2/58/L.88
The final guidelines promulgated in 2004 will be used for the current period of capacity-building for mine action.
The full text of the statements made during the discussion of agenda item 7 was contained in unedited verbatim transcripts (COPUOS/Legal/T.683-38).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should request the Government of Governmental Experts to discuss the relationship between space assets to the United Nations treaties in outer space and to address the issue at the same two forums.
The participation of Governments and private creditors in the Group of the Group of African States had developed a series of model provisions.
The Rapporteur should review the report to determine whether the information contained in the present report would be given to the knowledge or suspicion of any person involved in money laundering.
The Panel will continue to work on the mandate of the London Group on specific issues in its meetings.
In this regard, the establishment of pilot projects in the United Nations Radio-United Nations Radio's Fund (UNF) project has been established.
Conclusions
With regard to technical assistance and advisory services, these activities are designed to build capacity in the areas of trade and services, investment, trade facilitation, commodities and external debt.
The President noted that, in consultation with the Council, the Council authorized his statement on behalf of the Council and read out the text of the statement (for the text, see S/PRST/2003/18; will be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 August 2003-31 July 2003).
Specific human rights and freedoms
On 27 November last year, the Secretary-General, after letter dated 27 November last year, remains awaiting the letter of the Government of Israel on the situation of the death situation of Mr. Holmes, and his staff members of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
The text of the draft revised draft article 4.1 of the Convention on the interim measures of interim measures (CEDAW/C/2004/I/II.1).
To be held on Tuesday, 14 October 2003, at 10.30 a.m.
In addition, it will have a serious impact on the process.
The web site of the same code is operational in early 2003.
Subparagraph (c)
The Security Council's mandate to the United Nations Mission in Liberia must include a strong mandate of the protection of civilians and the promotion and protection of human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Although there is a more pressing issue of poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, Uganda agreed with France and Germany that the issue of human cloning would affect any issue.
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to promote economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
A large number of institutions have provided financial assistance, advice or special support.
“The measures aimed at identifying new and innovative sources of funding at international level include the private sector, including the private sector, to support the implementation of UNISPACE III recommendations in developing countries”.
As at 31 December 2002, the United Nations Headquarters was responsible for monitoring the health insurance plan for the first half of 2003 and a new post for the establishment of a new post, which should be better controlled to manage the health insurance plan for the field.
In this amount, $1,919,100, as a reserve for the 2001 period, is used to write the commitments approved by the implementing partners for the period 1998-2000, with a long-term payment of payments.
The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments in the context of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, and (c) Member States wishing to provide technical advice to the implementation of the Habitat Agenda; (c) Member States wishing to provide technical advice to provide technical advice to provide technical advice to provide technical advice to provide technical advice to provide positive responses to the technical advice of UN-Habitat and the implementation of the Habitat Agenda monitoring strategy and strategy implemented by UN-Habitat.
Administrative support services
Some delegations announced their recent initiatives to ratify the legislation for the establishment or reform of refugee status procedures, and other delegations had taken steps to promote the responsibility of UNHCR to identify refugee status by UNHCR.
After the Algiers Conference, the African Union Commission has made a high priority as a high priority.
Report of the Secretariat of the Caribbean Community
The States of the Commonwealth of Independent States have faced a large number of international terrorist and extremist attacks, as well as the existence of such evil and global threats, as well as the fight against terrorism, without a concerted effort to protect the “national””.
The World Bank has adopted international accounting standards.
3-5 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round table 5
58th plenary meeting Follow-up to the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development, on the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development,
Amendments to Regulation 98 Regulation: 30 October 2003)
There are no criminal responsibility for children aged 9 years.
In accordance with the Penal Code, a criminal act shall be liable for the sale, sale and other types of illegal transactions of children.
Background
The equipment and systems have not been used, and “reasonable” issues.
Strongly condemns the growing involvement of personnel in humanitarian operations, including murder, rape and sexual assault, intimidation, armed robbery, abduction, abduction and illegal arrest and detention, harassment and illegal arrest and detention, as well as attacks on humanitarian transportation and fire destruction and looting of their property;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 without a vote (see para. 32, draft resolution II).
Consumer goods
Ms. Tomchat considered that the treaty established a strict or objective liability of liability for the purpose of dealing with extreme risk.
However, in such cases, the injured person is the entire country.
A choice of choice between the law of the State and the law of the State is needed.
The “Unoo's case” said that the Court has identified the approach taken by the Court in measuring the damage caused by the environment.
The Indian company's Indian Petroleum Corporation is also unable to assume liability.
(i) Act No. 35 of 2003 on the prohibition of money laundering for money-laundering, which provides financial institutions and other relevant issues related to financial transactions ( bank, monetary exchange, financial companies, insurance companies, securities and immovable estate companies, loans and real estate companies):
The International Centre for the Prevention of Crime and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) is responsible for the work of the programme of work.
In the absence of resources, other operational activities will also be carried out, in particular in the areas of juvenile justice reform, in particular juvenile justice and prison reform.
The situation in the Middle East
As Chairman of the Information Committee, I would like to assure you that I will fully cooperate with all efforts to better promote the work of the General Assembly in the work of the General Assembly.
Culture of peace
Philippines
Recognizing further that crime prevention strategies and actions should be based on broad, gender-based knowledge and gender-based knowledge based on proven and credible success,
General Assembly resolution 56/261, annex, sect.
Claimant's name: award of Kubawa Initiative
They also requested measures to ensure that armed elements are separated from armed forces and civilian refugees and improve the registration of refugees.
In addition, the Russian Federation agreed with the Secretary-General's observations that it would best be preferable to examine the issue of globalization in a more detailed manner.
International Diamond and Metals Council
Provisional agenda and documentation for the second session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
Illegal brokering can be a key role in facilitating the illicit transfer of weapons from the legitimate means of the acquisition of weapons from the legitimate means of order, and they are victims of the embargo and groups, rebels, organized crime and terrorists.
My delegation therefore wishes to commend you, Mr. President, for his efforts in the work of the Committee during the fifty-seventh session of the General Assembly, in the course of the fifty-seventh session of the General Assembly.
• Institutional structure for decentralization
• International Institute for International Law - New York's Association (Uganda Kampala)
The World Bank's experience in India has shown that, in the light of the experience of the SMART (T.e., ethical, credible, accountable and transparent) governance, the public decentralization of the Internet has been used to use the Internet through the use of the Internet-based information centres and the system of registration.
Calls upon States, international organizations and non-governmental organizations to mobilize all necessary resources and support to achieve efforts to achieve the goals, strategies and actions set out in the Beijing Platform for Action and the Beijing Platform for Action and the Beijing Platform for Action and the Platform for Action;
The Coalition agreement noted that, after a debate on self-government in the spring of the spring, the Government will take a decision on the establishment of a government entity/sector to address self-government issues and to take decisions on the issue of a referendum on a referendum on the question of autonomy.
Improving their conditions are the primary political priorities.
It must be strengthened to strengthen the incentive for the conduct.
The grant programme is based on the principle of equality.
The core mandate is to establish a system and comprehensive monitoring and reporting network to provide objective, regular and accurate reports on incidents of violations of children.
Human rights and development
At least one member may be one of the representatives of indigenous peoples in universal recognition.
In this regard, the seminar has played a great role, including one of the British representatives in the seminar, which was personally aware of his personal understanding of the real idea of the people of Anguilla on self-determination.
The following agencies should be requested to prepare a special example on the development of the Millennium Development Goals on the Millennium Development Goals, the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA), the Office of the High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and the Department of Economic and Social Affairs (E/CN.6 and the Department of Economic and Social Affairs) (see E/CN.2 and UNIFEM).
(vii) Encourage and support United Nations entities, donors, civil society and the Government to intensify cooperation and coordination in order to maximize potential interests and support for gender mainstreaming and the advancement of women.
The discussions explored how the negotiations on environmental commodity goods and services had been undertaken in the WTO.
The Group of 77 and China appreciated the idea of the ideas and ideas raised during the session and expressed support, particularly in view of the recognition of measures to improve competitiveness, diversification and increase the value of their products.
The WTO secretariat and the relevant international organizations participated in all four meetings, the first meeting of the Conference on Competition Policy and Policy of Latin America and the Caribbean, held in Panama from 21 to 23 March 2002.
As financial management, the Bank of Indonesia requested the bank to report suspicious transactions to its report and may be able to implement administrative sanctions under the provisions of the report.
MAL 16 (3)
The programme is based on objective and deeper assessment of national needs and recognizes the need to meet the needs of those countries through interregional and/or regional initiatives and/or regional initiatives.
This is the decision of the United Nations Habitat Programme and Human Settlements Foundation, which provides the Executive Director with the mandate and guidance of the Council, which is responsible for the full leadership of the Foundation and provide technical and financial services related to the fund.
Ways and means for maintaining the peaceful uses of outer space
Costa Rica
The rules of registration for registration of space objects under the Convention is fully applicable to aerospace objects.
After two years, the views expressed by States had been expressed, but it was not possible to explore how the new bridges between them could be built.
His delegation hoped that the issue of international consensus on this issue would be the only vote, if it would be necessary to support Belgium's proposal.
We therefore believe that the Security Council formally heard the importance of the views, observations and recommendations submitted by the General Assembly on the Council's report.
We hope that the General Assembly's consideration of the report will provide useful feedback to the Council in its work to improve its work.
Annual
Implementation and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Rapporteur on Human Rights
Annex II
Expressing its grave concern at the entry into force of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty,
Notes that the third meeting of the Preparatory Committee for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons should make every effort to make every effort to the Review Conference to submit a report containing recommendations and the outcomes and outcomes of its previous meetings;
A/57/6744, A/57/657 and Corr.1 and A/57/223.
Welcomes the signing or accession of the Convention to the Convention, and noting the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention (E/CN.4/2003/8);
The team met with the plant's captain and asked about matters related to the construction of oil plants, in some parts of the north of the North of the North of the North of the North and the production and production of business.
The Government of Colombia supports the Government's efforts to reduce the control of its territory and to defend national sovereignty, combat drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption, to strengthen justice and promote social development in the areas of poverty and armed conflict.
Australia.
See resolution 60/1.
The present chapter describes the process and outlined some potential ideas related to voluntary guidelines.
In paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also called for a set of guidelines for the establishment of an intergovernmental working group.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights noted that, in accordance with articles 51 and 55 of the Charter of the United Nations, international cooperation is a duty of all States to achieve economic, social and cultural rights in order to achieve economic, social and cultural rights.
Question:
It will be responsible for effective use of air transportation assets to monitor the implementation of the contract for air transportation and to ensure compliance with the established flight standards; to ensure compliance with air traffic control services, adequate navigation assistance, ground support equipment and services, and the establishment of a travel permit for the national aviation authorities.
Notes
In its resolution 56/153 of 19 December 2001, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to prepare a comprehensive report on international cooperation in the field of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity based on non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity, in order to strengthen the comprehensive report of the United Nations in the field of human rights, taking into account the views of Member States.
In this regard, it was cautioned that, in order to enable States to accept their acceptance, such laws must be fully balanced in the treatment of special priority creditors, secured creditors and unsecured creditors.
At the 1st meeting, the Chairman made a statement on the organization of work (see A/AC.109/2002/SR.1).
Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee on the implementation of the present resolution in 2003;
“In addition to the problems faced by the world's universal problems, many small island Territories, many small island Territories, and many small island Territories, such as their size, location, geographicization, access to water supply, and the lack of water supply for water supply, and the shortage of water supplies, the volume of goods, the volume of goods, the number of natural and non-renewable resources, the number of natural and non-energy sources, and the lack of financial burdens, as well as the heavy financial burden of the population, in particular those of high-level skills.
I can say that this seminar has brought a genuine hope to the people of the Pacific, which will participate in the dialogue between the United Nations and the administering Powers in the search for durable solutions.
The Committee was particularly important to the representative of Tokelau, who said that the work of the Special Committee had been given to the work of the Special Committee, which had been successful as a “humanitarian””.
These activities will have a variety of effects, most notably the best use of resources, planning and implementation of nuclear power stations, monitoring of their operations and improving skills.
A woman's male division is not to be granted to the female men.
Because the infrastructure and other social services institutions have been fully damaged, rural livelihoods cannot not be able to sustain agricultural activities, and the return of millions of refugees has increased further.
With respect to the second index, the number of Member States assessed for unpaid assessed contributions had been more much in the end of 2002.
The representative of Mexico addressed the national strategy for development and sustainable development in the country, based on the protection of land and the environment.
In addition to television and films, young people can see the violence?
UNHCR has also provided emergency support to the water supply system in the areas of water and internally displaced persons and internally displaced persons in the area of HHH.
Support for non-group groups
Latin America and the Caribbean
Emphasizes the importance of the speedy entry into force of the remaining Protocols to the Convention;
It is also important to focus on forest management not only to take into account the needs and priorities of the needs and priorities, and to ensure that women's independence enjoy the right to use and the rights of the rights and to protect the benefits of forest resources in sustainable forest resources.
Draft report of the Chairman of the First Meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on the preparations for the preparatory session
Article 8
Step 13: Further the necessary verification capacity of all parties to ensure compliance with nuclear disarmament agreements, thereby establishing and maintaining a world free of nuclear weapons.
Annex to the letter dated 8 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
The observer of Non-Governmental Organizations of Non-Governmental Organizations said that discrimination in the justice system is not only a poverty problem, because it is not discriminated against in the world's mother and the people of origin.
KFOR against Racism and Racism, Wellington, World People's Charter of Haiti
The United Nations will make every effort to assist Mr. Baker and his Government in implementing the road map and to bring peace road.
“25. Takes note of the need for further consideration of the question of the rights of the rights enshrined in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the need for further development indicators and benchmarks to measure progress towards the implementation of the rights of States parties in implementing the Covenant.
It was also noted that the time frame for the security right should not be commensurate with certain exceptions to security rights, in some cases, in some cases, rather than a time frame (for example, acquisition security security).
Other questions should be made in connection with other issues in chapter VII.
A independent assessment of projects and projects under the auspices of the beneficiary and donor agreement will be established.
The most urgent task is to strengthen the Palestinian economy and to make it into force on the long-term dependence of the Israeli economy and to the integration of the Straits.
Coordination, programme and other questions
Combined second periodic report of Morocco (CEDAW/C/MOR/2 and CEDAW/PSWG.2/II/CRP.2/Add.3)
Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani said that the existence of women in Parliament was not only the victory of Mauritania, but the victory of Muslim women in the Muslim State, and the fact that all women were able to share this victory.
Provisional agenda for the Ad Hoc Committee
Last week, the occupying forces attacked the town of Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip, killing Palestinians and destroying the land of the hundreds of houses.
States are reluctant to freeze the issue of such tangible assets in the freezing of enterprises or property.
There are a few-hand number of persons in 27 February.
It is also possible to control the activities of the list of listed persons in the world's world, and they have the opportunity to continue to receive and manipulate their own assets, or to avoid the implementation of measures under resolution 1390 (2002) and 1455 (2003).
It seems that there is a need for further challenges.
The unique form and causes of the HIV/AIDS crisis in southern Africa, as well as the situation in Iraq, has enabled the United Nations to clearly define its humanitarian and responsibilities in this context.
The present report highlights areas in the implementation and international support of the progress made in the New Partnership for Africa and the challenges and obstacles.
Guam is a transit transit transit for the production of raw materials.
The further development of the process of determining the future status of Kosovo will depend on positive results of the comprehensive review.
A statement of the Government of the Republic of Serbia has issued a statement that the Kosovo Serb leadership is also in place with the document.
Now we need to support these mechanisms to provide the necessary resources.
How can it be the right to delete the presumption of deletion of the document, as well as the original criteria and other applicable laws, as well as the original criteria/ benchmarks, as a result of this important document?
Family forest and local communities have always been recognized at the earliest time, and there is a variety of values and measurements on the ground.
Implementation of the programme function is strengthened in order to improve awareness-raising and improve the effectiveness of country programmes: Armenia, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Georgia, Guyana, Jamaica, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Lebanon, the occupied Palestinian territories, Papua New Guinea and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
b Includes a net support budget proposed by $28.5 million and other resources and trust funds, from regular resources (see table 1).
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/57/L.5 and Add.1)]
Third Committee
The Minister of Foreign Affairs and the United Nations University of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
These sanctions entered into force on 7 July 2003 and a 10 months.
Kosovo (Democratic Republic of the Congo/Serbia and Montenegro)
Resolutions adopted
On 15 and 21 August 2002 on 15 and 21 September (Vienna, 15 and 23 August) (Vienna, 15 and 23 August; 8 and 20 October; 8 and 14 April; 8 and 14 April; 8 and 14 May; 8th, 19th, 19th, 27 and 28 June; 6 June, 6th, 19 and 26; 6 June; 6 and 24 July; 7 and 24 July)
(Millions of United States dollars)
The inspection was opened on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, on 6 June 2003, the Committee decided to review the list of names on the list of speakers from the travel ban on the list of documents, which had been decided by the Committee on 6 June 2003 to retain the names of those who had requested the name of the name.
Add the following countries to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution:
Recommendation 7 (2) - (8)
Since the end of the cold war, five nuclear-weapon States have had significant reductions in their nuclear arsenals, but other countries did not comply fully with non-proliferation obligations, and the proliferation of nuclear weapons and nuclear weapons, as well as those of those weapons, constitute a growing problem in the hands of terrorists.
The Russian Federation would support any form of political and diplomatic negotiations in the context of the crisis.
As at 31 July, Thailand has two years of loans for the International Monetary Fund.
For such a future, Thailand is doing its own efforts and will continue to do so.
(e) The activities of members of terrorist groups in the recruitment of terrorist groups;
2-5 March 2004
This phase will be held in the first quarter of 2005, and the fourth quarter of 2005.
Institutional
The National Group of UNAMI will lead leadership to the end of Iraq's operational planning planning, as well as to coordinate activities of United Nations agencies and provide guidance to them.
In accordance with paragraph 1 (b) and 2 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999), States Parties shall, without delay, provide funds and other financial assets and economic resources, including those who are directly or indirectly controlled by their respective or indirect control, and to ensure that any person or any other funds, assets or resources may be provided directly or indirectly from the provision of funds derived from their own or indirect control, including those who are or indirectly or indirectly under their instructions.
Kenya has seriously addressed the challenge.
The implementation of the plan will promote our common aspiration to strengthen democracy, not only in the relations between domination and domination, but also to strengthen democratic democracy.
We believe that the United Nations must play a real role in promoting and strengthening global democracy and the creation of a conducive environment conducive to peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The structural imbalance in the region is to create full employment in order to increase the economic and social population of each year.
30 November 2003
One solution is the provision of a provision for the provision of diplomatic protection for the protection or protection of human rights, but the need to adopt a binding decision on the rule of law or the judgement of arbitration must be adopted in a particular regime.
The delegation of Greece expressed the view that the best option would be the responsibility of the civil liability, which is responsible for the remaining liability.
The topic of the legal system on the liability of the legal system on transboundary harm caused by transboundary harm caused by hazardous harm, as well as the continuation of the draft articles on the draft articles, is being justified.
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
(c) Despite the potential of economic recession and financial crises during the biennium, there will remain steady growth in space-related industries.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: workshop on the issue of trade and environmental capacity-building in Singapore organized by Singapore on 16 May 2002 and joint discussions on the issue of WTO trade and environment.
Expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular in Africa;
Particular attention must be given to the preparations for the High-level Dialogue for the participation of the public sector and civil society.
(a) The D.E. Mr. D. D. D. Waca, Vice-President of the Department of Management, became a meeting of the Working Group.
Eastern Mediterranean Division (non-Arab)
They also emphasized the urgent need to address outstanding issues within the framework of the Organization of Chemical Weapons and to achieve effective, adequate and non-discriminatory implementation of the Convention.
Most of the production of developing countries may also focus on some small and medium-sized enterprises.
As outlined in document DP/2002/355, UNOPS completed the implementation of the recommendations.
The open debate on these issues is needed, as they are widely affected.
The National Forest Programme Project project is chaired by FAO and has been supported by many donors and developing countries.
In the fourth round of balloting (two restricted ballot), Poland had been elected to the members of the Economic and Social Council for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
Other sponsors
Provisional agenda [A C E F R S]
Approves the recommendation of the Committee that the report of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee on its forty-first session, taking into account all States, in particular those affected by particular concern, should be:
Where any person in the United States jurisdiction, the assets of individuals and entities designated by the non-compliance of the non-compliance of the foreign assets of the foreign assets of the foreign assets of foreign assets have been identified in a special designated manner, with serious civil and/or criminal penalties.
Has your country found the names of the listed individuals at their borders and in transit?
- Law No. 44 of the Prevention of Money-Laundering (e.g. cases relating to money laundering).
Article 4 of article 4 and 12 of the Convention shall be invited to inform the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties.
“Proceed” Economic Impact Assessment
Kenya introduced the aim of strengthening the legal measures of the general management of waste management and the activities of waste management, including waste collection activities.
Belize indicated that sea-level rise may be likely to be more than 6 per cent of coastal zones, thus threatening the water supply of their population.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia co-sponsored the dispute between the International Court of Justice to the International Court of Justice on the basis of the International Court of Justice (Prarazca/Pula-Kui, M. M. R. R. R. R.
In view of this situation, the ongoing efforts to remedy fisheries conservation and management and to ensure the long-term stability of fish stocks, and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, urged the international community to maintain and resume the level of sustainable fishing by 2015.
In 2002, the Global Fund approved the project entitled “The Russian Federation's Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the North Atlantic Ocean”.
Establishment of new inter-agency consultations
The Special Rapporteur has received numerous reports on the involvement of mercenaries in Colombia in Colombia, mainly with drug cartels, but also associated with the paramilitary paramilitary groups and private companies.
Secondly, in order to provide any amendment to the Convention in order to effectively prosecute the criminal acts of mercenaries and international character, the recommendations and mechanisms of the Committee should be heard by a wide State party.
In the context of the country, a temporary strategy for the development of economic development and the fight against poverty was developed as a very high-ended country.
This dialogue is a major step towards the normalization and implementation of the process of the normalization and implementation of the peace and association process.
My Government supports the process.
Item 128 Public justice system
As mandated by the Council, the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission (UN-Kuwait) has provided a wide range of support and services to the United Nations agencies in the country.
Mr. Stbert (spoke in): Members will be able to make a brief statement on my part and on our work.
We have also begun to provide food care throughout various parts, and we believe that this is a dynamic role.
Draft provisional agenda
To date, the Special Rapporteur has not received the urgent appeal to the Government of the State to respond to the Government's reply.
As a result of the expertise of the academic and non-governmental organizations, there is a need for UNDCP to mobilize such expertise in order to support the planning and implementation of the comprehensive programme of work.
(Article 3)
Framework on Explosive Remnants of War
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the following agenda as follows:
(e) To develop strategies, through tax incentives and encouraging use and further development of free and open software sources, in order to increase the cost of ICT hardware and software costs in order to enable more easily accessible access;
At its 7th meeting, the Board heard a statement by the representatives of UNCTAD, Technology and Enterprise Development Division.
At the same meeting, the Chairperson made a statement.
Another participant expressed that the implementation of the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit provided a view to identifying sources of capacity-building.
Other participants felt that the establishment of the Steering Committee in accordance with the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit and the recommendations of the Governing Council Governing Council decision 22/4 prepared detailed mandates for the strategic management of chemicals management strategies, which includes the review of coordination matters.
He said that such companies had been involved in capacity-building through training and capacity-building to ensure optimal access to technologies, but such activities require support from Governments and the appropriate political and legal framework.
This could be further enriched.
In addition, the Charter also provided a number of measures to be taken by the Organization in accordance with the conflict in the peaceful settlement of conflict, under Chapter VI.
What we need to do?
First, I would like to refer to the tragic events on 19 August, which resulted in Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, the United Nations civil servants, and expresses its sympathy to the Government and people of Pakistan.
They can only provide military forces to peacekeeping operations, but also to participate in a number of specific characteristics, their foreign policy and its political arrangements.
There is no threat to international peace and security, which requires United Nations peacekeeping.
Table 5.3 Distribution of resources by component
The programme of work is prepared in accordance with subprogramme 3 of subprogramme 3 of the revised medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
The 34 African countries are concerned at the outcome of the decision of the UNCTAD Governing Council at the thirtieth session of the WTO.
Mr. Dukka (France) (spoke in French): Allow me also to express my gratitude to Mr. Savimbi for his very meaningful statement, and I believe that his statement contains a very important information and figures, and that the human experience of humankind has been made.
Regulation 7.2 The audit of audit shall be carried out in accordance with the common audit guidelines, except with other special instructions of the General Assembly, and shall be carried out in accordance with the supplementary mandate contained in Annex I.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do likewise?
“Welcoming the entry into force of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons and Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco), which has been entered into force in the current region of the General Assembly, which has been held in Havana on 5 and 6 November 2003, and also noting the outcome of the Conference of the General Assembly, including the Havana Declaration adopted by the General Assembly, including the Havana Declaration”.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
The final report of the Group of Experts on the Illegal Exploitation of Natural Resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (S/2002/1146) issued by the Security Council in October 2002 with the concurrence of the Security Council in its resolution 1457 (2003) and again put forward the issue of the link between the looting and human rights violations, while the root causes of the war was expressed.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur takes note of several cases: Mr. Bagaa, his families and their families, who had been subjected to persecution and death of the Congolese authorities, and his two daughters had been asked to ensure the protection of the protection of civilians.
He believed that this visit clearly demonstrated the efforts of the Government to strengthen cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights.
Legal guarantees of detention procedures
The United Nations adopted a resolution on small arms, adopted by the United Nations, which has become a resolution of the Economic Community of West African States to combat the illicit movement of small arms and light weapons and to collect and destroy weapons of mass destruction.
In short, the embargo has been deliberately violated and has been made.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words addressed to me.
Mr. President, we hope that the Council will set out this vision under your auspices and to address this issue in other regional organizations.
We have been able to hold staff consultations and have referred to Kosovo in the field, which is part of UNMIK, as part of UNMIK.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the President of the African Union Commission for the provisional presidency of the African Union and the Minister for Local and Local Government of South Africa.
Senior officials from the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) were also represented.
“26. Encourages all Governments, international organizations, including the United Nations, the private sector, civil society, civil society and other stakeholders in planning and monitoring of the United Nations Development Assistance Framework, the United Nations Development Assistance Framework, the Poverty Reduction Strategy and the Millennium Development Goals;
Germany cited its support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development, as well as the commitments made by the recently developed countries in the framework of trade liberalization, debt burden and the implementation of the African Action Plan.
His delegation also stated that the work of the Authority in the future work of the Authority would be based on appropriate ways to ensure that the research of environmental emergencies contained in document ISBA/6/C/12.
Through the work of the Working Group on special procedures, treaty bodies and minority groups, the problems faced by minorities and ethnic minorities have been identified, and these issues could lead to dispute and conflict.
The activities of the Working Group are highly valuable but not only because it had been seen as a result of its discussions, and it has promoted the evolution of the work and procedures of the Council.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (A/58/219, A/58/128, A/58/217, A/58/338, A/58/338, A/58/334, A/58/534, A/58/534, A/58/324, A/58/323, A/58/32 and A/58/221)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on international assistance and cooperation for the sustainable development of Central America (under agenda item 40 (b)) (convened by the Permanent Mission of Panama (on behalf of the Group of Central American States)
On the occasion of the World Summit on the Information Society, the United Nations Forum on Indigenous Populations will be convened by the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003 and the Global Forum on the Information Society.
Human rights questions: implementation of human rights instruments
She asked whether the Committee wished to discuss those texts pending prior to consultations.
There is no legislation.
Annan
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) To request development partners to provide sufficient emergency and strategic rehabilitation and reconstruction programmes, lack of funding and support for the reform of civil servants, as well as efforts to harmonize national unity.
(c) The words “and developing countries with economies in transition” should be inserted in operative paragraph 3 to “develop developing countries, economies with economies in transition and non-participation of women who are not women or in general, and in general positions;
Subsequently, Romania also joined the sponsors of the draft resolution.
Several initiatives at the international level will be developed through the development and adoption of a common data of data based on the development and adoption of a common data of data.
Recent projects have been undertaken on the establishment of data on data sharing models.
The State Commission should ensure that the programme is rapidly developed and the Government should allocate sufficient funds to pay compensation.
The Ministerial Declaration adopted at the Fourth World Conference on the World Trade Organization, held in Doha in 2001, recognized the need to accelerate the movement of the goods of goods in the goods of transit goods, and to the need to strengthen technical assistance and capacity-building in the area.
(e) Promote the objective of gender balance in all public institutions and take all appropriate measures to encourage the political parties to ensure equitable and equal opportunities for all elected and non-elected public;
Meeting of co-sponsors of the draft resolution on human rights defenders (under agenda item 7 (b)) (Third Committee) (convened by the delegation of Norway)
Taking note of General Assembly resolutions 56/160 of 19 December 2001 and Commission on Human Rights resolution 2002/35 of 22 April 2002,
Determined to ensure that scientific progress can benefit from individuals and to achieve development in respect of fundamental human rights,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to continue to review the situation of children and children in Afghanistan and to report to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
The Mission, the Kosovo Force and the International Criminal Tribunal will ensure that the attacks of attacks and killings in the past few weeks will be brought to the perpetrators of attacks and killings in the past few weeks.
Encourages the ways to explore the modalities for the development of new public and private sources of public sources for development, provided that these sources would not be inappropriate for developing countries, and noting the proposal of the Secretary-General in paragraph 44 of the Monterrey Consensus on the use of special human rights instruments for development purposes;
In accordance with the international agreements concluded in Kazakhstan, a foreign or stateless person in the Republic of Kazakhstan has been extradited to foreign and stateless persons in the Republic of Kazakhstan.
It was agreed that the need to resume multilateral trade negotiations as soon as possible.
The parties must negotiate negotiations to establish a lasting peace to allow both States and a independent State to establish the principle of the principle of peace and stability in Madrid and the Oslo, and in accordance with the resolutions adopted by the Security Council resolutions of the Security Council on the basis of Security Council resolutions adopted by the United Nations Security Council.
Expulsion certificates;
It also provides data and analysis of data and analysis, as well as information on sources and systems, to ensure that the United Nations country team can be able to ensure the results of results.
This system is based on results, and more than the UNDP focus on learning and knowledge.
In this regard, the provisions of the provisions of article 31 (3) of the Vienna Convention shall not be applied in the relationship between the two parties: in this case, the consequences of the withdrawal of reservations to the reservation of the reservation to the treaty is the effect of the validity of the reservation of the reservation and the provisions of the provisions covered by the Convention”.
In accordance with the adoption of the draft resolution entitled “Space: Vienna and Human Development”, the task force of the Plan of Action on the implementation of a comprehensive global system to mitigate natural disasters, disaster relief and prevention and prevention, in particular through international cooperation, means to use Earth observation, communication and other air-based services, while maximizing existing capacities and narrow gaps in global coverage.
Dr. Oajula, Minister of Foreign Affairs, University of the General Assembly, was provided by the Minister of Foreign Affairs and the United States of America.
Agenda item 57
(The unit should not exceed one ten thousandth of military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social Solidarity and Family, through its Equal Opportunities Service, is a mechanism for the promotion of gender equality and equality of women and men in all forms of discrimination against women and gender-based standards.
With regard to the use of timber, coal and fuel, the decision “social programme” approved by the Government of the State party approved by the Government of No. 8/2002/2002 was decided to increase the benefits from 25 million to 300 per month.
A/47/444, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation.
In Barbados, UNDP has shared cost-sharing with other other areas for the development of regional disaster management strategies in the Caribbean, and strengthening the Caribbean emergency response agency.
The important achievements of the United Nations Development Group for the past year include the concerns of the General Assembly and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF).
Table 2
Article 67 Method of suspension of application
In this connection, the Working Group agreed to retain the term “open application” (see A/CN.9/546, para.
Approves the following provisional agenda for the eleventh session of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice on the eleventh session of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice:
(a) In employment: a flexible approach to employment in different locations in different locations;
However, it stressed some weaknesses, such as the identification of individual and objective purposes of organizations.
FICSA noted that the private sector had been able to pay more much than the United Nations staff's staff at the time of the work of the working duty station.
One member of a member was maintained that a State company does not belong to the public/non-profit sector, as other parts of the sector did not include employers' employers.
The majority of members welcomed the proposed amendments to the classification of duty stations.
Although the members of the Committee and the organizations participating in the Working Group were supported by the use of other data-collection methods, the representative of the Staff Association had expressed that data collection should be completed on the basis of data collection teams, but in some cases the local salary commission of the local salary commission could be considered or necessary.
Afghanistan, Angola, France, Armenia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Hungary, Ireland, the Republic of Korea, Romania, the Russian Federation, the Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, Senegal, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Moldova, the Russian Federation, Senegal, the Republic of Korea, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, the United States of America and Zambia: draft resolution
(i) Advisory services: the request of Governments to promote capacity-building and strengthening national level of national policies, and to strengthen the participation of women in national policies and programmes, including the effective integration of women in the overall development of national policies and programmes, and to promote awareness-raising mechanisms for women's rights and promote the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol thereto;
Amendments to the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal, Geneva, 22 September 1995
Daily list of documents issued at Headquarters
[Each State Party shall be recognized in the general insolvency law, which should be recognized in accordance with the provisions of a similar rule of the State or the international financial markets, in accordance with the provisions of the relevant rules of the State or the financial market.
With respect to these repair costs, the Panel refers to the practice set out in paragraph 108 of the First “E4” Report, the Panel referred to in paragraph 108 of paragraph 108 of the first “E4” Report, which states that it was not reflected in paragraph 11 of the first “E4” Report, which is not reflected in the cost of maintenance costs that are normally underrepresented.
A number of proposals were discussed and discussed in the report, as well as a number of follow-up dialogues held during the Monterrey Conference.
There is a very long recognition of the need to share good practices.
However, Algeria accelerated accession to the international legal treaties relating to human rights, which had been changed after 1989, after 1989.
As a result of a considerable calm, curfews have been reduced, and the movement of the streets in the streets continues to be hampered by obstacles, but the movement of the forces of the “collective Licorne” remains often hampered.
- Nigeria's initiative to provide a secondary medical facility;
It is estimated that some 5 per cent of cluster munitions were fired or moved from the launch of the cluster, and they have been kept into the ground or in the ground.
Assessing implementation of current work plans
Report of the Secretary-General
Global Environment Facility: Note by the Administrator on the Beijing Global Environment Facility (DP/2003/23)
(b) The liability of the person's compensation to be expected to anticipate
Takes note of the activities undertaken by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in the field of cultural heritage;
The Forum recommended that the United Nations system, in particular UNICEF and WHO, to cooperate with Governments in consultation with Governments, in consultation with the Special Rapporteur on the sale of children and children, child prostitution and child pornography, and to address their inputs in addressing trafficking and sexual exploitation in indigenous girls, and urged States to organize their rehabilitation programmes.
The Forum recommended that UNICEF, UNESCO, WHO, ILO, UNIFEM, UNDP, UNDP and other United Nations agencies in collaboration with indigenous peoples with the experience of indigenous youth and children in the subregion, in 2004 in 2004 and in 2004 a Latin American indigenous and youth conference in Latin America.
The Forum recommended that the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, to submit a report on policies and programmes in this area and to participate in the third session.
At the same meeting, the following States and organizations were represented by the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) and the World People's Democratic Republic (UN.C. Mr. R. G. N. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. K. K. M. K. M. K. M. K. M. K. M. K. M. K. M. K. M. K. K. M. K. M. K. K. Al-Hazar, M.C. Y. K. Karara, M.C. Y. Y. K. Karara, Mr. J. Y. K. Charararamam; Tongya; Mr. Park, Mr. V. C. Mr. C. C. C. C. C. C. Mr. M. C. Mr. C.
Concluding remarks
Sierra Leone, Uruguay, Costa Rica, Nigeria, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire, ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty, signed the Treaty.
In the area of urban security, the Office supported the installation of teaching facilities in the National Police Academy of Brazil.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
United Nations Development Fund
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The related costs are included in the relevant expenditure requirements: consultants (442,000), travel ($611,000) and miscellaneous supplies, services and equipment (60,000).
In addition, in recent years, recent investigations had been taken to UNMIK and the United Nations Mission for Support in East Timor, with a resident investigator in the mission, which is being implemented in the mission.
Agenda item 15
Reiterates its support for the Peace Agreement, as well as the Dayton Agreement on the Implementation of the Federal Law of Bosnia and Herzegovina (S/1995/101, annex), and calls upon Parties to comply strictly with their obligations under these agreements and expresses its intention to continue to review the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina in the implementation of the Peace Agreement;
Requests the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina to cooperate with the stabilization force of the Stabilization Force, with a view to ensuring the effective management of the Lebanese airspace of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in accordance with the provisions of the annex to the Agreement on the Peace Agreement, in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement on the Safety of Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Condemns the destruction of thousands of mines in the Lebanese territory of the Israeli territory of the occupation of Israel, which has caused and continues to lead to the killing of hundreds of deaths and a large number of material.
Reaffirms the adoption of all relevant resolutions adopted by the Conference of the Islamic Conference.
Recalling the resolutions of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference on this issue, in particular its fifth session of the fifth session of the Islamic Summit, and the important provisions of the Dakar Declaration adopted at its sixth session, adopted at the sixth session of the Islamic Summit;
Requests the Secretary-General to follow up the follow-up to the present resolution and to report thereon to the Foreign Minister of Islamic Foreign Ministers.
Concerned the persistence of multilateralism in the area of arms control, non-proliferation and disarmament, recognizing the need for Member States to resort to international peace and security and undermine international peace and security, undermining confidence of international security systems and the foundations of the United Nations itself;
Noting the information provided by the Government of Guinea on the border of the Republic of Guinea;
Resolution 1/CP.2
Recognizing the challenges posed by the world's growing economic and integration development and the growing development of a strong economic group and the growing liberalization of world trade;
Bearing in mind the economic difficulties of the transition in the transition of free market economies;
Recalling resolution 29/9 E-E(IS) adopted by the Islamic Summit of the Islamic Summit;
Recognizing the solemn provisions of the Charter of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference aimed at strengthening the objectives and principles of the preservation and protection of the heritage of Islam;
The Conference endorsed the decisions and resolutions of these symposiums.
The international community, in particular the United Nations agencies, should provide a positive scientific study on the sea and the impact of its economic and social impact and to protect marine biodiversity in coastal areas and countries.
The Thirty-President of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers of the Islamic Republic of Iran, held in Tehran from 27 to 29 March 2003 from 27 to 29 May 2003 (Session of Terrorism and Dialogue),
Agenda item 93: Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
Only the concession
In addition, the Central Bank of Jordan issued a notification of a notification dated 9 March 2003 (resolution 10/3/33), highlighting the relevant provisions of article 93 of the Financial Regulations of the Banking Act (No. 9 of 2000) and the provisions of the Counter-Money Laundering Unit (decision No. 10/2001), and the provisions of the relevant information to be found in the official document.
This preliminary report provides a broad framework for preventing the application of laws and practical issues related to the use of human rights violations in small arms and light weapons.
In addition, the European Convention on Human Rights provides protection for members of indigenous peoples, which recently adopted article 12 and expanded non-discrimination.
Noting the rapid increase of the global road traffic, injury and disability,
At its 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected Mr. Jean-Marie (Belgium) and Mr. Xanana E-Apenteng (Ghana) as Vice-Chairman.
The informal consultations on “Strengthening of global public health capacity-building in the global public health capacity” (item 61) would be held on 19 September 2003 from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
Literacy
Welcomes the establishment of a constitutional drafting committee and the current establishment of a new constitution, and stresses the importance of the international obligation of the Afghan international obligations to be included in the Constitution of Afghanistan and to ensure full participation in all the preparations and processes of the Loya Jirga Loya Jirga and the Constitutional Loya Jirga;
Members of the Council welcomed the progress made by the Prime Minister to the implementation of the Agreement in the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement, and expresses its appreciation for the efforts made by France and ECOWAS to the National Assembly, and again, again, to express its appreciation to the Government of France and the ECOWAS force, and to further highlight the humanitarian situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict
See Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.93.I.8 and corrigenda), vol. I: Resolutions adopted by the Conference, resolution 1, annex II.
Duties of the Secretariat
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The President of the Transitional President and Prime Minister had been sworn in the same day, and members of the Government were sworn on 3 October.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the Security Council should take particular attention to the efforts of the Government of Sierra Leone to strengthen the efforts of the Afghan Armed Forces and police, in order to ensure the full deployment of the police and the police in Sierra Leone, and (c) the Security Council's full cooperation and support to the United Nations peacekeeping, peacebuilding, humanitarian and development efforts, in order to ensure the full deployment and support of the United Nations peacekeeping, peacebuilding, humanitarian and development efforts, and (h) the local elections in Sierra Leone in 2004 as possible, as possible, to allow more communities to participate in the participation of more vulnerable representatives, in order to enhance the general standards of the principles and governance of inclusive and governance.
The New Zealand, Australia and Canada agreed with the view that changes in the exchange rate in the report would not be avoided and accepted the reasons for inflation adjustments in the actual vacancy rate in 2002 and that the expenditure expenditure for 2003 should be presented in the second performance report.
The Committee also urges the Special Rapporteur to draw attention to the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take particular attention to the situation of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, or to prevent such situations as early as early or permit.
The Special Rapporteur is increasingly concerned about the new situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
This is not the case.
“At the end of 1968, Haiti has been expressly allowed to participate in voting until the circumstances of article 19 of the article of article 19, which was expressly permitted to vote.
Agenda item 114: Improving the financial situation of the United Nations (continued)
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Recalling further the Declaration on the Principles of States to establish Friendly Relations and Cooperation in the Charter of the United Nations,
An increase of $3,222 personnel is an integral part of the two contingent-building centres in 12 disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration centres.
In addition, a air vehicle for the deployment of two highly mobile contingents will be provided to the capacity of a contingent station at any operational station.
The key aspect of the long-term fight against terrorism is to promote understanding and tolerance among civilizations and to eliminate poverty and inequality, and eliminate oppression.
Mr. Nii (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, the European Union, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovenia, Slovenia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovenia, Slovakia, Romania, Romania and Turkey.
I would also like to congratulate you, Sir, on your predecessor — Ambassador of France, to address this very difficult job.
Regrettably, in the world, in spite of the continued existence of the hundreds of lives in the world, such as the recent number of lives in the past, such as the recent number of people who have lost the lives of 120 people, it has now become a major global problem, which is now a serious global problem and is urgently engaged in greater and more effective international cooperation.
The Republic of Yemen is satisfied that the international community recognizes the seriousness of this issue.
We are working with the CTC to seek guidance and guidance to the work of the Committee as well as the offer of Canada to help it.
This has also been said that the political considerations of the parties may also be a motivation for the local authorities to make positive or counter-productive measures.
Fifty-eighth session
• Coordination with relevant bodies to promote the promotion of issues and related issues to them and to follow-up studies referred to in those institutions;
Section 1: The relevance of social capital, policy-based coherence, prospects for coordination: United Kingdom Statistics Institute
Annex to the letter dated 21 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Venezuela to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Assistance for reconstruction and development in Djibouti
However, the overwhelming majority of countries of the implementation of the EU directives did not have a statutory rules for the collection of information data on data data, but some of the countries of some countries have already been able to reach standards for the electronic environment.
It is necessary to clarify whether the supplier's service provider is sufficient to determine the receipt of information received or whether it is necessary for the addressee to determine the conditions for the identification of the information data on its computer-user.
It should be noted that, as noted in the Guide to Enactment (para. 104), the Model Law has not explicitly dealt with the issue of the liability of the information system.
The Council of Heads of State of the CIS Council, inter alia, supported the announcement by the Republic of Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine on 26 April, as a joint proposal for the International Day of radiological Accident and the Victims of Disasters.
I now give the floor to the representative of the Russian Federation of the Russian Federation, Mr. N. N. Notnikovnikov.
At its 6th plenary meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report, containing the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property (see annex I) and the understanding of certain provisions of the draft articles (see annex II).
Article 9
Article 41 of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations, article 41 of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations, stipulates that all individuals referred to in article 5 are obliged to comply with the laws and regulations of the host country, including the law of the host countries.
All funds financed by the Trust Fund for the UNFCCC Review Conference are used to finance the COP COP.
The social activity is a continuing process for a world.
• The services provided by the Government;
I would like to urge the Council to call for the effective implementation of the Pretoria Agreement and calls for the establishment of a national human rights observation and a truth commission of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, as well as to ensure that the voices of victims are fully defined.
We note with satisfaction that Ms. Motoc's Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo will visit to the country at the end of the month.
For example,, for example, the role of MONUC in establishing the Transitional Government in the establishment of the Transitional Government?
There has been little progress so far, and millions of Afghan refugees live in neighbouring countries, particularly in Iran and Pakistan.
Chairman of the Chairman on the general debate 1 October 2003)
Action: The SBI will consider the oral report of the Chairman of the Chairman and on how to address the issue.
Background: The SBI, at its sixteenth session, and at its eighteenth session, considered the request of the Government of Croatia on the request of the Government of Croatia on the management activities referred to in Article 3, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol.
Requests the Secretary-General to make the secretariat with the secretariat of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination to take advantage of the successful experience of the Office of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for International Development on the success of the work of the International Conference on Financing for Development, and to prepare a comprehensive report on the implementation and implementation of commitments and agreements reached at the session, as well as follow-up to those commitments and agreements, focusing on progress made in the areas of the Monterrey Consensus;
(1) Africa should allocate no less than two permanent seats, and the two seats shall be allocated in accordance with the decision of the Group of African States.
Institutionalization:
(c) Notification
I take particular attention to UNRWA's latest flash appeal calling for the provision of important services for hundreds of Palestinians.
The Statistics Division will provide more technical explanations for the limitation of assessed contributions.
Expresses its deep appreciation for the Government of Cuba, and expresses its appreciation for the convening of the sixth session of the Conference of the Parties at the sixth session of the Conference of the Parties, and expresses its gratitude to the Conference for the excellent facilities of the Conference;
In addition, the occupying forces killed the six-year-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old-old boy.
In some cases, the level of recruitment is less high than the level of approval.
Before the preparation of the work plan, a review of the first cycle of the rapid deployment roster was assessed, namely, planning and recruitment phases, the practical implementation of mechanisms and lessons learned.
Does the extradition and mutual aid are in some cases of legislation?
Subparagraph (d) and (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to discuss, before its next periodic report, discussions with non-governmental organizations and other members of civil society within the country.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs is responsible for the expulsion of Turkmenistan.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 815th and 48th meetings, held on 27 August 2003 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Decides also that, in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 16 and 17 above, the amount of $383,000 for the assessment of the assessment of the income of the staff assessment of the financial period ended 30 June 2002 by Member States, as provided in paragraphs 16 and 17 above, shall, in accordance with the above provisions, be applied, as appropriate;
Documentation
The United Nations and the Security Council have a timely intervention on our country.
Chairman: Mr. Kicko (Czech Republic)
It should be noted that, after 11 November, some airlines of the United States are fully classified as a result of the non-determination of the Arab countries, regardless of their nationality and the prohibition of discriminatory measures, such as those who were forced to stay.
No.
The term “electronic record” has been chosen, and it was considered that it is more neutral.
Question C: Not applicable to electronic or other transactions
Article 29
The Special Rapporteur received a large number of information.
In November 2003, the President of Pakistan ordered an investigation of the murders of young women who had been killed by one of the victims.
By the adoption of the resolution, the Security Council unanimously decided to establish an enhanced inspection system aimed at achieving the disarmament process for the comprehensive, nuclear-weapon-free.
The Government and the Government of Iran is at the outset that, once again, the war of the people of Iraq will not be a humanitarian catastrophe in Iraq, more than saying that displaced persons and refugees have lost.
It is absolutely imperative to reiterate once again that the international community's decision contained in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991) should not be limited to Iraq's invasion and occupation of mass destruction.
Enforcement law enforcement measures at the national and international levels should include the content of gender bias and corruption practices related to occupational workers.
The Committee, at its first meeting, focused on the composition of members of the Committee, working methods, intersessional work and reporting reports, and then adopted the terms of reference to the revised revised.
There is a new challenge and threats.
Mexico reiterates its recognition of its full confidence in the United Nations, through the use of all peaceful means of nuclear power and through the strengthening of the values generated by the Organization, which are more relevant in the current impasse, in the current deadlock, to resolve international disputes.
In this process, we have not only strengthened verification mechanisms and strengthened our ability to implement important tasks — which is the world from the scourge of war.
This is the case of the United States of America at the same meeting — in many countries of the world, which did not agree in the United States — or in the world, as the concept of the concept of the concept of cooperation with Iraq?
The present report discusses the development and promotion of South-South cooperation in the International Decade of the General Assembly and the United Nations and to achieve the internationally agreed development goals, in particular those contained in the Millennium Declaration.
UNMOVIC inspection team
The EU reiterates its support for resolution 57/81, entitled “Towards peace in practical disarmament measures”.
(i) Operational (New York):
The Unit is composed of 11 posts, three of whom were at the Professional level.
Table 19
The Committee agreed that the implementation of the office of the office should be a highest priority and should be completed and should be completed to avoid a negative impact on the work of the Fund's work and projects.
The Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues, held at its seventh session, held a meeting on FDI and development issues on FDI and development.
It is particularly important to seek a balance between the budget and other considerations.
Ms. O. H.E. Ms. Oadaaaaaa (Panama)
Expressing its concern at the lack of effective coordination in the field of safety and to the development of space equipment, as well as the lack of effective coordination of the global level of technical research and development, and recognizing the need to promote more and more progress in this area, and encouraging international, national and local technical cooperation,
Next date
The full text of the views is available at http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/index.htm.htm.
“Reaffirming the fact that the Security Council, in particular the continuing illegal exploitation of natural resources, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in particular in the eastern part of the country, recalled that the Council has consistently condemned these activities, and reaffirms the importance of halting these activities, as well as the need for necessary pressure on the relevant groups, trafficking and all other actors concerned;
“(a) Promotion of new and renewable sources of energy, including the implementation of the World Solar Programme 1996-2005;
It is estimated that the share of the least developed countries in the world's commodity exports fell from 7.7 per cent in the age of seven decades to 1 per cent in the twenty-fifth century.
• Council decision IDB.29/Dec.7 on investment technology and promotion of office
At its twenty-seventh session, the Council took note of the preliminary announcement of Colombia's intention to host the mandate of UNIDO at its eleventh session in 2005 in 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another ongoing initiative is the development of ICT information, which provides information on lessons learned and sharing experiences, existing professional knowledge and institutional experience.
Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba
The dispute between States and issues should be resolved through peaceful dialogue and negotiations on the basis of equality and mutual respect for sovereignty.
In the current context, such measures are contrary to international relations in the field of global trade and the adoption of all laws, norms and guidelines for the wider commercial and economic transactions of countries in the area of global trade.
The major impact of the embargo in all these areas has been significant, since there are many constraints, such as education and culture, which are a priority area for the Cuban public spending.
Despite the lack of material resources, Cuba has continued to contribute to international and regional drug control through sea and air.
Article 6 of the 1998 bank agency contains the measures adopted by the Government to limit the basic rights of the Government in accordance with article 2, paragraph (1) of the Constitution of Namibia, which authorizes the provisions of article 2 of the Criminal Procedure Code of 1977, to interfere with the right to privacy of any person, the letter or communication of any person, and authorize any person or search for any person.
Accordingly, the net amount of USD 332 claims in the third part of the sixteenth instalment is to be 2,1,244,852.
Geneva, 31 March 2003
