Let me underline that we will continue to cooperate with them.
Subsidiary Body for Implementation
At its 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the President noted that COP 7 had agreed on the calendar of conferences and meetings for the period 2003-2007.
Thailand
In paragraph 6, the Commission requested the Sub-Commission to bring the attention of the Commission to the attention of the Commission the question of a consistent pattern of violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including racial discrimination, segregation and segregation, by any State, in particular colonial and other independent territories.
In the same resolution, the Sub-Commission also decided to continue its consideration of this question at its fifty-fifth session.
Near-Earth objects
These include the use of the detailed land cover database prepared by the LCCS system and the supporting data base, which is gathered together with the dynamic map warehouse.
The joint launch unit of the landscape system is FAO, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Council of Science (CST).
The study of 77 medical programmes covering nearly 6 million beneficiaries showed that 78 per cent of programmes had established HIV and AIDS disease management programmes, but only 0.3 per cent of beneficiaries had access to them.
Uruguay (7 July 2003)
His wife refused to acknowledge Mr. Wang's mental illness.
Once the suspect is prosecuted, any material that proves its guilt (e.g. the confession made by the accused to the senior police officer) must be carefully reviewed and then admissible as evidence.
Since July 1999, he has repeatedly participated in the Falun Gong exercise.
Copies of this opinion will be sent to the Committee on the Rights of the Child; the Working Group concludes that the deprivation of liberty of Michael Guevarra does not have an arbitrary character of the principles applicable to the Working Group when considering cases submitted to it.
The Ministers of Arab States stressed the need for the United Nations to play a key role in the political process in Iraq and the need for the Organization to cooperate with the League of Arab States and other regional and national actors to this end under the auspices of the Security Council.
We pay particular attention to the issue of improving the health awareness of individuals, in particular members of the armed forces.
China welcomes a series of positive measures taken by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to raise awareness of the prevention of AIDS among peacekeepers in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the Council, the establishment of the Special Adviser on AIDS and the revision of the code of conduct for peacekeepers.
During its regular session 2003, the Committee received a letter dated 20 May 2003 from the Government of the United States of America, in which the Government of the United States had allegedly violated its rules of procedure during the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights.
In such cases, the necessary measures should be taken, where appropriate, to ensure the protection of their interests.
31 Hong Kong, Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
One view was that it would be inappropriate to allow for a process of determining the matter in the total number of creditors, in view of the prevailing intransigence of creditors.
The Staff College further uses information and communication technology.
As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of staff in the College was 37 specialized.
IMO publication performance 45
Conference Support Office
The report clearly indicates that the University is strengthening its cooperation with other agencies of the United Nations system and increasing its contribution to the activities of the Organization.
The SBI agreed to admit these organizations, in accordance with Article 7, paragraph 6, of the Convention, without prejudice to subsequent action by the COP.
Statements were made by representatives of 10 States parties, one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States and certain States that had entered the process of the League, one speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The SBI welcomed the continued efforts of the chairmen of the subsidiary bodies, the chairmen of the limited membership bodies and the secretariat to facilitate the participation of observer organizations in the intersessional seminars.
After the Trial Chamber's judgement was served on 2 November 2001, Miroslav Kvočka, Mlado Radić, Dragoljub Prcać, Zoran Čigjanć and Milojica Kos filed appeals.
My delegation is indeed pleased to congratulate you, Mr. President, on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference on Disarmament.
The States Parties to the Organization of America undertake:
Brazil and Sri Lanka: amendments to article 8
The Panel finds that the amount of USD 8,439 should be awarded to the work performed by the Claimant in respect of the amount of USD 26,90/421, 27/90/461 and 28/995; compensation for the work shown in the amount of US$ 90.72,207 and 203/270 of the invoices for the work of the Claimant; and the amount of US$ 720,206/290; and the invoice No.
Annex I
Mr. Steiner (Switzerland): Let me congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Security Council for this month and wish you every success.
Mr. Vassilakis (Greece): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union.
To fill the inherent shortcomings of the Tribunals, the question of the establishment of a permanent International Court of Justice was raised during the late 1960s and early 1950s in the context of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide in 1948.
While we believe that the quest for compromise should not be linked to the important international treaties such as the Rome Statute, we remain convinced that Council members must act in a spirit of compromise and understanding and actively work towards finding a solution acceptable to all.
The adoption by a majority of resolution 57/63 of 22 November 2002, entitled “Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation”, by the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session, attests to the strong support of the international community for multilateralism.
I would like to recall some of the documents that call for the immediate commencement of FMCT negotiations from a variety of multilateral documents.
Even United Nations agencies and other aid providers must pay high costs to hire vehicles and premises and secure, which became an important source of income for all Somali parties.
All attempts to manage Somalia's fisheries have resulted in a large amount of funds falling into the private hands of the various factions, which has been spent by millions over the last 10 years and partly to cover private people and complement them.
Paragraph 4: “It is understood that the purpose is to help or assist the owner of an operation or the perpetrator to plan, facilitate or carry out an action shall be punished under a given provision”.
At the same time, international cooperation is based on the actions of the International Action Team on Money Laundering.
Open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution on the implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons: Towards the National Society for the Twenty-first Century (organized by the Permanent Mission of the Philippines)
Between 155 and 800 hours on 9 October 2003, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft flew over the sea off the Shab`a river to the east and proceeded to the area of Hellel before exiting towards the sea off Damur and violating Lebanese airspace.
- Adoption of the Constitution in the form of a referendum.
National efforts to strengthen the education sector
* Prior to 1988, the University of Myanmar and the College were unable to award a doctoral degree.
Agenda item 155: Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (continued)
However, recent events have shown that the scope and implementation of the Convention remains incomplete and that it cannot be adequately addressed.
Under the draft resolution, the tariff ceilings for developing countries are still under negotiation.
(g) Measures to combat money-laundering;
Preventive action and terrorism
(The largest number of countries outside the Latin American and Caribbean region)
Annex
The highest unemployment rate is the age group 20-24 years.
Samoa's geographical impatience and its good communication and transport system make it easier for centralized services.
In addition, health services should focus on the concept of “health” and actively promote the use of health as a property.
Another important manifestation of economic participation is women entrepreneurs, particularly in small enterprises.
At present, the trend towards marriage has been changing, with the age of marriage of women, which was 24 years in 1991 and 27 years for men.
Calvert Faamoe K., Nutrition and Apia Youth Survey
My delegation reiterates that any decision by the Provisional Institutions must strictly comply with the provisions of the resolution and the constitutional framework.
We hope that the development of a road map that includes all aspects of the devolution process will help to set standards, which are indispensable for a durable solution to the status of Kosovo.
However, we believe that the additional measures detailed in paragraph 21 can help control and improve the situation.
The high concentration rate may have an effect of reducing the location in orbit.
In its resolution 57/108 of 3 December 2002 on the Division for Palestinian Rights of the Secretariat, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Division with the necessary resources to ensure the continued implementation of the detailed programme of work of the previous relevant resolutions, in particular the documentation repository of the United Nations information system on the question of Palestine, the development and widest possible dissemination of publications and information materials on all aspects of the question of Palestine and the establishment of annual training programmes for staff of the Palestinian Authority.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States transported depleted uranium from its Okinawa base to the South Korea, carrying out a real war deployment, and the United States, on 8 June, issued a “term review of the American defensive cooperative approach” in the banana Mountains.
Considering that promoting respect for the obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and other instruments and rules of international law is one of the fundamental purposes and principles of the United Nations,
Calls upon all States in the Mediterranean region that have not yet done so to accede to all those instruments in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation, as well as to create the necessary conditions for strengthening peace and cooperation in the region;
The drought assessment model at the global and regional levels has been established.
However, they are constrained by the lack of current appropriate indicators.
With regard to the development of sensitive maps of drought sensitive to a State or region, we favour the second approach, but there is a need for serious research.
Mandate 1.4: Assistance in the compilation of online desertification terminology (Coordinator: Debicki)
Select members for WHOG
In addition, some participants emphasized that human rights, gender equality and the empowerment of women were cross-cutting and should recognize their vital importance in achieving all development goals.
For example, transit commodity containers destined for Central Asia must be checked on board ships at the seaport of transit and then loaded to ensure that there are no prohibited items in the interior, since they fear the return of goods.
The second could be considered directly by individuals (as previously related to the Convention on the Rights of the Child).
Annex to the letter dated 11 August 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Germany and the Netherlands to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Comment.
Comment.
9 Ibid., Supplement No. 5F and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.6 and Corr.1), chap.
(d) Prohibition of any form of discrimination or harassment in the workplace or in work, including sexual harassment or gender harassment, or physical or linguistic harm.
Salaries
Abstract prepared by Stefan Kröll
Case 555: MAL 34 - Germany: Hamburg, High Court of Hanseatisches; 14 Sch 1/98 (4 September 1998)
However, in two categories, this expression must be voluntary; this is not the definition of the topic (more than its scope) and falls within the legal regime applicable to the topic.
Recognizing also the existence of a diverse model of democratic political systems and free and fair elections in the world, based on national and regional particularities and different backgrounds,
The Assistant said that the contract period was extended by agreement with each other, without formal renewal.
With regard to interest, the Panel cited paragraphs 19 and 20 above.
The terms of payment of the two contracts concluded with SEPL are similar, with each contract paid in the amount of IQD 1, and the rest in United States dollars.
The Panel finds that Toa did not provide sufficient evidence of its ownership or use of property, the value of property or its existence in Iraq and Kuwait prior to 2 August 1990.
Recommendation
Facts and contentions
The individual employment contract provides that Mongomery is obliged to pay the travel of every employee from Kuwait at the end of the employment, Mongomery states that each employee has an outstanding date for travel and repatriation tickets.
The heroin kill machine is still in full operation.
Secondly, in addition to the promotion of the eradication of opium poppy and the fight against drug trafficking in Afghanistan, solutions must also be addressed from a regional perspective.
All terrorists have relevant objectives and instruments.
Fifty-eighth session
The results of the study indicate that migrants have experienced racism and discrimination in the workplace and in other areas of daily life.
The recent two missions to Bunia (28-30 January 2003; MONUC dispatched a number of serious violations of human rights, including gang rape women, extrajudicial executions, pillaging and incineration.
2 To be issued.
In addition, nearly 150 cases have been referred to the Rapid Response Return Facility, a joint project by UNMIK and the United Nations Development Programme to provide shelter reconstruction assistance to returnees.
The Albanian Government commends the appointment of Mr. Harri Holkeri as Special Representative and will support his work.
Countries seek to attract foreign finance because investment can bring benefits and have a positive impact on their economies.
The education programme will receive additional funding to increase the level of school attendance, especially for girls, and provide informal educational opportunities.
1.78 Improving institutional capacity-building processes and conducting a series of management reforms to maximize the role of the system, improve the quality of services and improve efficiency and cost-effectiveness.
Food support to families with special difficulties
Microcredit and savings programmes
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.14/Rev.1, “Protection of global climate for present and future generations of mankind” (A/58/7/Add.27; A/C.5/58/32)
Once the cluster begins, we will conduct the identification and verification of the identity of combatants.
• It is essential to make better use of the comparative advantages of intergovernmental bodies so that they can work towards common goals in a more harmonious and comprehensive manner, such as the composition of a comprehensive committee by the General Assembly, the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council.
The Government of South Africa agreed to continue its chairmanship for the first year of implementation.
The Social Development Authority of the Institute of Dominica works with women and demands that they exercise the equal rights set out in Act No.
(a) Strengthening information exchange, in particular with regard to the activities and sources of funding of terrorists, terrorist organizations and other information needed;
Concerned also about the links between corruption and other forms of crime, in particular organized crime and economic crime, including money-laundering,
The Working Group noted that, in any event, the matter might need to be considered by the thirty-sixth session of the Commission, to be held in Vienna from 30 June to 11 July 2003.
But at the same time, the Committee is concerned that not all heads of teachers, teachers and parents are aware of the objectives of these reforms, particularly in rural areas, and that the implementation of the regions is inconsistent and that mechanisms for monitoring and evaluating implementation are not available.
Children with disabilities
(b) Strengthen efforts to reduce the number of children working in the formal and informal sectors and pay particular attention to children of less age;
The Committee recommends that the State party fully incorporate into legislation and practice, including in the area of child custody, in the light of and in the light of article 3 of the Convention.
(b) Special assistance to children of single-parent families;
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Marriage and Family Act (1998) which introduced and promotes the concept of foster care as a means to reduce the number of children in shelters.
Most of the responses submitted (59 out of 104 replies) reported that organizations of persons with disabilities were sometimes involved in the planning and evaluation of medical care.
It is often repeated that the promises that will be helpful in this process, but as in other words made in these halls, they have proved to be nothing.
The Government of Luxembourg believes that preserving the lofty task of peace must be the basis for a broad and complex concept of security.
These factors are combined, often increasing demand for indoor heating and transport, one of the reasons for higher energy use and greenhouse gas emissions in the transport and residential sectors.
Figure 7b
The Parties reported on policies and measures in all sectors, as requested by the Guide.
The in-depth review of national communications from Annex I Parties (by 31 March 2003) indicates that progress has been made in improving the future role of the Kyoto International Mechanism and its integration into the scope of the projection.
Norway indicated that, in the long term, precipitation could increase by 10 to 30 per cent.
The United Kingdom and the United States noted that they provided model data to national and international research communities.
Parties usually consider data quality acceptable.
Details of the modalities used by Parties are provided in section VI.
Despite the increasing technical assistance provided, requests for election have been reduced by direct United Nations observation.
Particular attention will be to legal issues, logistics and issues related to the choice of electoral systems.
The mission will emphasize to the Congolese parties and the countries of the region that progress in the holding of the proposed international conference on peace, security, democracy and development in the Great Lakes region is essential.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is my first briefing to the Council, and it is extremely appropriate for me to address the critical issue of how to better protect civilians in armed conflict.
Indeed, he was born to work all of the United Nations.
With regard to the links between terrorism and armed conflict, my country has always stated that this is an urgent issue that merits in-depth discussion.
Mr. Pradesh (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): I would like to begin by expressing my delegation's pleasure at seeing you, Sir, presiding over this meeting.
The European Union greatly appreciates and fully endorses the Security Council's commitment to the protection of civilians agenda and the establishment of regular dialogue on this agenda.
We must therefore continue to stress that, despite the fact that these problems must ultimately be solved by the Afghan State institutions, there is a need for a reasonable scale and to demonstrate the strength of international security forces to build the necessary security environment and confidence that the Bonn process can naturally end.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item.
The situation in Ituri was caused by the United Nations, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Government of Uganda.
I would like to commend the political will shown by the parties.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
10.30 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I now briefly draw your attention to the recent activities of the Monitoring Group and the ongoing work, so that members of the Council can understand the current state of affairs.
Finally, I would like to thank Ambassador Muñoz and his able team in the delegation of Chile for their outstanding efforts to gradually improve this critical United Nations instrument in the fight against terrorism.
We appreciate the significant steps taken by the Security Council and the Committee to improve the effectiveness and accuracy of sanctions measures and address humanitarian issues and address transparency and appropriate points of order.
There is therefore a set of proposals.
I have the honour to transmit to the fifth informal meeting of open-ended participation on the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, which was part of the Netherlands' efforts to FMCT.
Languages used by the International Trade Centre/UNCTAD/WTO Joint Advisory Group
Signature: Malaysia (9 December 2003)
We therefore believe that the paragraph is not in conformity with international law and German law, and we regret that we cannot accept it.
China appreciates the tireless efforts made by the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Economic Community of West African States to promote the peace process, and we actively evaluate the recent decision of the SAC summit on the issue of interest, and we call on the international community to provide assistance to the West African Union peacekeeping forces.
• The price statistics programme receives ISO 9002 proof; three additional outputs are applying for such certificates;
(a) The individual data to be released by law, regulations or other authorization; and
Ninety-six per cent of the respondents confirmed that their statistical offices had been involved in international cooperation projects over the past five years, and 5 per cent of the respondents indicated that their statistical offices were involved only as recipients in international cooperation projects and 11 per cent as donors and 29 per cent of the respondents indicated their participation as donors in international cooperation projects.
He called on India, Israel and Pakistan to support efforts to universalize the Treaty as a non-nuclear-weapon State.
Ibrahim Ahmed Khaled Al-Makadh
Agenda item 87: Environment and sustainable development (continued)
(d) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification and/or Desertification, particularly in Africa (A/57/177)
Many countries of the African Group face transport problems, and freight costs from African countries for 2000 are visible.
UNCTAD should continue to provide policy-making assistance to developing countries in the area of electronic commerce.
May I remind members that, in accordance with paragraph 7 of decision 34/401 the General Assembly decides to decide that
Ms. Moratinoni (San Marino)): San Marino would participate in a consensus on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, as we have done in the Third Committee.
The Third Committee adopted draft resolution I without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: There are representatives who wish to speak in explanation of their vote on the resolutions just adopted, and I now call on those representatives.
It was so decided (decision 58/540)
KFOR stopped 29 attempts to illegally cross-border incidents, detained 28 persons and subsequently sent them to the police of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
The freedom of movement of UNMEE in the area adjacent to the Temporary Security Zone, particularly in the middle area, remains limited.
However, the practice of contemporary international claims has proved that certain organizations have been accredited to the legal qualifications of all members of a group.
However, UNHCR's financial situation has seriously affected the implementation of its strategy, since, in accordance with paragraph 63 of the report of the Commissioner (A/58/12) UNHCR could only dominate half the funds necessary to sustain its activities in 2003.
Summary records of the meetings of the Committee shall be prepared and circulated in English, French and Spanish.
List of speakers
The members of the Committee shall be 18 elected in accordance with articles 28 to 34 of the Convention.
Subject to rule 38, the Secretary-General or his representative may make an oral or written statement at meetings of the Committee or its subsidiary bodies.
Number of votes and votes
If the Committee or the pre-sessional working group considers insufficient information contained in the report of the State party, the State concerned may request additional information requested and indicate the duration of the submission of the information.
Meetings and hearings 184
Establishment of working groups and designation of special rapporteurs for specific complaints 186
Rule 45
Procedure for determining admissibility of complaints
To fill temporary vacancies 201
The military leaders are not separated from those combatants and are counterproductive to the units that have been transported.
The three individuals were later shot dead in José Zanzima and were wounded by the French war.
The review determined that the provision of quality services in a timely manner should continue to be carried out by the Office of Central Support Services, but should be arranged in other areas of affairs in the Office.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 114)
Rule 17
The transaction number shall be designated by the registry for commencement of the transaction, and thereafter the transaction record relating to the transaction.
However, these translation services can be obtained at a much lower cost on the local market, which is not feasible at all cost.
2.12 Pensions (Amendment) Act 2002
The package on “equality” was published in 1994.
10.45 In 2001, funding was provided for the Special Initiative for the Adult Programme for Poverty (SPIEDAS).
The Act is comprehensive and deals with all employment-related issues, including access to employment, employment conditions, salaries, promotion and vocational training.
Accordingly, the current right to adoption leave is an adoption leave for 18 weeks, plus (non-payment) of eight weeks.
The table below provides an estimated amount of funds allocated to capital and staffing measures and childcare facilities funded by this appropriation.
The Department also provides funding for a voluntary organization to reduce violence against male families in Irish society by means of a confidential telephone service, which supports and challenges men and requires them to recognize their own violence and assume responsibility for the cessation of violence.
(b) Implementation of paid maternity leave or maternity leave with equal social benefits without losing work, seniority or social benefits;
Article 18
The updated list will be communicated to the central body responsible for border control whenever and when updating the list.
However, the prospects for 2003 will continue to be influenced by the uncertainty that exists in the current global economy.
Although the level of education and health of the people itself is a good goal, their positive impact on the overall development of a country is very far-reaching.
Paragraph 9
The initiative will contribute to the international community's assessment of the progress made in some environmental goals set out in the Plan of Action for the Environment and Development of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, as a direct response to chapter 40 of Agenda 21.
ESCAP will hold an annual session of the regional working group on space science and technology applications in the river.
Under variant B, if the “data message” contains “electronic signature, both appropriate and equally reliable”, the signature requirements may be met.
Until recently, WHO has been collecting data on two sources, such as national health surveys.
Based on other information received, the Board noted that the savings were a direct result of several overexpenditures and expenditure savings, including the cost overrun of $1,298,900 for acquisition of prefabricated facilities, the cost overrun of $5,286,600 for acquisition generators, the cost overrun of $3102,700 for public services and other projects.
An assessment of the role of microcredit as an alternative to the financing of higher credit was undertaken.
At the end of the biennium 2004-2005, the Chamber is expected to complete the following work during the biennium: 12 trials, 12 pre-trial procedures, 6 pre-appeal procedures, 8 appeals to the final decisions of the Trial Chamber and all interlocutory appeals arising from those work.
In addition to these conflicts of great concern, despite the good intentions and the adoption of various resolutions at the various forums that began at the Millennium Summit, two major issues that the international community has yet to address.
Mr. Torzonoun (Togo) (spoke in French): We have once again met again this year to evaluate our actions and to identify steps that can lead us to new lives.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his concern for the well-being of my country.
Human resources management
16 In accordance with certain pre-defined criteria, exceptions are reported, and there is a need for more effective monitoring of compliance with human resources policies, standards and practices.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue to give high priority to consolidating and strengthening emergency preparedness and emergency response mechanisms, including early warning activities, in order to identify, inter alia, all violations of human rights resulting in mass exoduses;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara, as provided for in the settlement plan;
During the reporting period, there were no significant changes in the Organization's situation with regard to funding or other international non-governmental organizations with consultative status.
The Ministry of Women and Children's Affairs has been responsible for the executive responsibility of the “Small Groups Development Programme”.
Various studies have been carried out to evaluate media coverage and programmes from a gender-sensitive perspective.
Draft report of the Committee
These specific gender issues are taken into account in the development of health-related programmes.
Education is once again essential.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Meeting of co-sponsors on draft resolutions on human rights and terrorism (agenda item 117 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Algeria)
African Group
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets that two important tax concessions (as an incentive to hire persons with disabilities and commended the Committee's previous concluding observations) have been abolished.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives: report of the Third Committee (A/58/508/Add.3)
It also sought closer integration into the European Union and hoped that a Stabilization and Association Agreement would be signed in 2004 with the European Union.
We welcome the final effort to reach this consensus.
Human rights defenders
The draft resolution was adopted without a vote, as orally revised.
The State party should therefore take appropriate measures to enable the public to understand remedies available to victims of discrimination or xenophobia.
The Committee noted that, despite constitutional and legal guarantees, indigenous and Afro-Ecuadorian inhabitants and other members of ethnic minorities were in fact subjected to discrimination.
The State party should include detailed information in its next periodic report on land ownership of indigenous communities and remedies available to indigenous peoples for environmental damage suffered by traditional lands.
The Committee emphasizes the responsibility of the State party to provide assistance to “release” and recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts to compensate and resettle affected families.
In order to focus on the work of those bodies, the Committee requests the State party to include in its next periodic report information on the examination of cases of racial discrimination.
The Committee encourages the State party to review the law in order to define it more explicitly.
Despite the repeated requests of the Committee, Papua New Guinea has not complied with its obligations under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention, and has neither submitted its periodic report nor the additional information requested by the Committee on Bougainville.
In view of the lack of statistical data on the composition of Norwegian society, the Committee recommends that the State party provide, in its subsequent reports, a statistical estimate of the population, in accordance with paragraph 8 of its guidelines for the preparation of reports, and draws the attention of the State party to its general recommendation No. 8 on the self-identification of members of specific ethnic groups.
The Committee recommends that the State party's reports be made available to the public at the time of submission, and that the Committee's views on those reports should be similarly publicized.
Addendum
She hoped that the Chairman of the Advisory Committee would make a statement.
Requests Parties included in Annex I to the Convention, on their own website, to publish national inventory submissions containing national inventory reports and the common reporting format, and to inform the secretariat of the exact web site on which these publications are available online;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 21 November 2002, at 3 p.m.
This commitment, in particular, could be demonstrated through the inclusion of space science in the third Vision Plan of Malaysia, as a key area of knowledge-based society.
Finally, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda strongly supports the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and condemns the letter from the Government of Kinshasa to the Permanent Representative of the United Nations.
(d) To maintain the necessary vigilance in considering assistance to any space launch vehicle project in any country to prevent the development of weapons of mass destruction delivery systems, taking into account the use of such programmes to cover ballistic missile programmes;
It is likely that the approach of the party is to try to divide an enlightened, united, determined and determined international community to implement the Convention.
1.62 Under non-post objects of expenditure, funds are provided for travel of the Ombudsman and its staff; general operating costs for communications, office automation and other equipment of the Office; supplies and materials; and office automation equipment.
The Intergovernmental Working Group considered the draft recommendations at its 11th to 14th meetings, on 30 and 31 January 2003.
7 As a result of the amendment of 17 December 1963 (resolution 1991 A (XVIII)) entered into force on 31 August 1965, the General Assembly will increase the number of non-permanent members from 6 to 10.
Mr. Yamazaki (Japan) resigned as vacant as at 31 December 2004.
* Term of office expires on 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 88)
In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 45/175 of 18 December 1990 and 46/140 of 17 December 1991, the Third Committee of the General Assembly considered this issue every two years.
Thirdly, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen its role as coordinator of the programmes and agencies of the United Nations system, within its purview, and its subsidiary bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Sustainable Development.
The Task Force and the secretariat of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction are the main institutional mechanism of the Strategy and have been consolidating the functions of each other.
The Kenya Family Planning Association was a voluntary non-governmental organization, established in 1962 as a pioneer of the Kenya Family Planning Movement.
Please describe any organizational or mechanism available to your Government to identify and investigate financial networks associated with Osama bin Laden, al-Qa'idah or the Taliban within your jurisdiction or individuals, groups, undertakings or entities that support them or associated with them.
The meeting was chaired by Gert Rosenthal (Guatemala).
There is no doubt that effective coordination between the United Nations and the African Union and the African regional actors and organizations must also be sustained financial assistance to enable those actors and institutions to fulfil their difficult peacekeeping responsibilities in the African regions and countries.
United Nations Children's Fund
While 69 per cent of respondents indicated that national policies provide equal access to services for all, irrespective of sex, women and girls continue to face a wide range of economic, legal and social obstacles and increase their vulnerability to HIV/AIDS.
By 2005, the proportion of infants infected with HIV was 20 per cent, with a 50 per cent decrease by 2010 to ensure that 80 per cent of pregnant women have access to prenatal care and to reduce mother-to-child transmission risks.
In order to maintain an effective response in a long term, a strategy must be developed to establish and maintain institutional capacity.
The review of existing practices within the United Nations system indicates that there is a new feature of how to use lessons learned from evaluations at the country level:
These workshops and meetings were held in conjunction with the annual sessions of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
In response to this important expansion, and recognizing the increased responsibilities of WMO, the WMO fifty-fourth executive board agreed to set the WMO space programme a priority.
New strategies are called for to promote the availability and accessibility of data so that observing systems and programmes will benefit the application of WMO and researchers to address global environmental issues.
As the report of the Secretary-General indicates, significant progress has been made in implementing the mandate of the United Nations in East Timor.
These agencies and departments are the United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs (Department of Disarmament Affairs), the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the World Food Programme (FAO), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR).
(b) (ii) Any other period within which it participates in any of the activities to be undertaken in the medium term of the contract of carriage, provided that the loss, damage or delay occurred during the period to be performed.
The second option was selected, while the last sentence was in square brackets.
One of the concerns raised in paragraph 103 of A/CN.9/526, was that subparagraph (iv) (now paragraph (d) should be deleted in order to maintain the unilateral nature of any directives that the controlling party might give to the carrier, rather than any changes to the provisions of the contract of carriage, since the latter required the parties to agree jointly.
OIOS also found that there was no succession planning for the appointment or replacement of investment management staff.
The specific purpose of the Working Group is to test and analyse the procedures used by other countries in such situations.
I would like to point four points.
UNIDO should focus on identifying the social responsibility of the developing world to improve corporate governance, which would lead to a project to significantly increase productivity and sales; it should assist in the development of a clear, realistic approach to implementing corporate social responsibility for SMEs in the developing world and in providing training and tools for SMEs to promote corporate linkages.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the Board, corrections may be submitted within seven days of receipt of the record or of the closure of the session (by the late).
For documents that have not been issued to date, it is indicated that the dates for submission and issuance are estimated.
To create employment opportunities and work towards implementing the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, ILO implemented international programmes to assist countries in developing plans of action for women's employment in the framework of poverty eradication strategies.
Transport at airports 6-70 8
He regretted that the meeting had not reached agreement on reducing agricultural tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which, once reached, would bring about $500 million to poor or rich countries by 2015, would help to save 1.4 million people worldwide from poverty.
We hope that the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development will create a new situation to maximize the strength of international cooperation to increase investment in the implementation of development projects and plans.
At the same time, a bill on the elimination of racial discrimination and national discrimination was being studied.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that one of the Department's priorities was the implementation of the revised Forest Act (Law No. 97/07 of 8 August 1997), and the development and approval of a strategic plan of action, including the strengthening of cooperation with customs officials, the establishment of a national forestry sector observatory to improve the management of natural heritage and the protection of biodiversity.
Paragraph 4
Requests relevant United Nations bodies, including those at the national level, to cooperate with States, in the context of their mandates and work, with due regard to the reports of the Declaration and the Special Representative, and requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to bring the report of the Special Representative to all relevant United Nations bodies, including at the national level;
She also welcomed the joint ministerial statement issued after the ministerial segment of the forty-sixth session of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs and the various international efforts to implement the Guiding Principles on Drug Demand Reduction.
She highlighted, in particular, the Ministers' recommendations on national drug control strategies and the corresponding measures aimed at achieving a significant reduction in drug abuse by 2008.
The complaint
Like one speaker, she expressed concern that 44 per cent of the recommendations made by the ICAO Technical Cooperation Agency had not been implemented, and urged the Secretariat to expedite the implementation of the remaining recommendations.
Further clarification was needed on the recommendation that there was no need to prepare a number of final performance reports (para.
The delegation of the United States would like to look at the technical analysis by which the Inspectors submit the recommendation and would like the Advisory Committee to endorse it.
(b) Include user groups in the design and implementation of management plans strategies under the common management system.
Other matters
• The Bureau will comprise five existing positions: Chairman, Vice-Chairman and Rapporteur; Chairman of the Legal Subcommittee; Chairman of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
He urged developed countries to increase their share of GNP as ODA, reduce the external debt burden of developing countries and open their markets to developing countries to enable developing countries to integrate into international economic and social development, benefit from globalization and narrow the gap between developed and developed countries.
In order to achieve maximum cooperation between the Eurasian Economic Community and the United Nations, the relationship between the two sides should be strengthened on a stable basis, with the granting of observer status to the Assembly of the Community as a contribution to this objective, enhancing cooperation between the parties and enhancing the capacity of the parties to secure world peace and regional security.
Recalling further its resolution 2002/25 of 24 July 2002 and other relevant resolutions of the United Nations,
The Libyan authorities are also studying the Optional Protocol on the involvement of children in armed conflict with a view to acceding to it.
The Controller has just reminded the attention of the Committee that it had received comprehensive written clarification at its informal meetings.
The Committee notes that, despite the fact that the report contains a substantial amount of information on the legal provisions that have entered into force since the submission of the previous report, it lacks information on the practical implementation of the Convention.
Introduction
Reports and responses are contained in document CAT/C/75.
In accordance with rule 111 (5) of the rules of procedure, the Committee urges the State party to undertake a thorough investigation of the facts of 15 April 1995, prosecute and punish the responsible person, to bring the complainant to the same effect, including fair and adequate compensation, and to inform the Committee of the steps it has taken to address the above observations within 90 days from the date of the present decision.
Because of his right to be subjected to torture, he was seriously injured by his right to bury his son.
4.11 With regard to the report of Amnesty International of 3 July 2001 (see para.
7.2 The issue before the Committee is whether the State party is forced to repatriate the complainant to the Sudan and is in violation of its obligations under article III of the Covenant that a person may be in danger of being subjected to torture in another State may not be expelled or returned to that country if there are substantial grounds for believing that a person would be in danger of being subjected to torture.
The facts before the complainant
4.3 As to the complainant's claim under article 3, the State party argues that isolated cases of ill-treatment in Spanish cannot prove that the State party has systematic torture.
The Council notes that the Contact Group intends to make a substantive contribution to the periodic review and submit its assessment to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
The Guide addresses the relative applicability of all aspects of insolvency law in such situations.
Equatorial Guinea has repeatedly expressed its national position in various international forums and forums, and during the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly and in commemoration of the first anniversary of the terrorist attacks of the United States of America on 11 September 2001, the President of the United States of America met in New York with George W. Bush, who personally expressed this position and stressed the need to assist, support and protect Equatorial Guinea against the grave threat posed by international terrorism and transnational crime.
Jamaica
Security Council
On the other hand, the first registered secured creditor can protect itself by verifying whether the secured creditor has possession of the encumbered assets in obtaining its security right in the secured creditor.
One alternative or additional option would be to require the identification of secured creditors with a transfer of a person to include an assignee in a list of persons on a registered notice in order to avoid situations from a third party.
By limiting the level of detail in the relationship between the public record and the parties concerned, the notice-based registration system has enhanced the level of confidentiality of relations with the secured creditor.
However, by means of a legitimate control of the transfer of the performance of third-party secured creditors, it may also be functional equivalent to a waiver of the right.
The consultants worked on the drafting of guidelines with the support and guidance of experts.
Reaffirming that the World Conference on Human Rights, held in Vienna in 1993, considered the urgent need to eliminate impunity and human rights violations;
See chap. ]
Deeply concerned that women belonging to minorities, indigenous women, refugee women and internally displaced women, migrant women, women living in rural or remote communities, women living in rural or remote communities, poor women, girls, older women, widows and women in situations of armed conflict are often targeted or particularly vulnerable to violence, while other women suffer discrimination,
Urges States to consider ratifying or acceding to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its two Protocols, the Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Sea and Air and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children;
States should strive to create a global security environment for cooperation and mutual trust and ensure universal security for all members of the international community, thereby eliminating the dynamics of the acquisition, development and retention of nuclear weapons in some countries.
In many cases, trade, environment and development programmes use project activities as indicators of achievement rather than target-based indicators.
24 Oceania Flash News, 23 October 2002 and Economist Intelligence Unit, Reviewswire, 18 December 2002.
A large number of information provided by Iraq was reviewed not only during the present report.
Through the negotiation of a peaceful settlement of disputes between States and nations, the internationally recognized principle of the international community reflects the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations, and his delegation hoped that the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom would continue to engage in a constructive dialogue on the question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas).
Requests this reply to be circulated as a document of the United Nations for use by all representatives in the consideration of item 11 (a) of the agenda.
The estimate for 2003/04 includes the cost of implementing the recommendation to replace 132 computers.
First session of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol 14
Status of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol; Application of the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention; Adoption of the agenda of the Bureau of the Conference; Organization of work, including sessions of subsidiary bodies; dates and venue for the second session of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol; calendar of meetings for 2004-2008; Adoption of the review of credentials.
He noted that the least developed countries that had managed to diversify their exports to produce and/or services had succeeded in reducing their poverty levels, indicating the link between poverty levels and their ability to diversify their production structures, and he stressed the importance of the export structure of a State for its development efforts.
At its closing plenary meeting, on 4 December 2002, the Council adopted agreed on agenda item 2.
The meeting was opened under the auspices of the President of the Council.
European Community
Despite some progress made last year, the Special Rapporteur outlined issues of concern that remained, while at the same time setting out the remaining tasks.
In 2003, more than 3 million people died from HIV/AIDS, and it is estimated that 5 million people are infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), bringing the total number of people living with the virus to about 4 million.
While the initial HIV/AIDS epidemic is primarily a health issue, it is increasingly recognized today as a development, security and human rights issue.
The information and knowledge generated by this collaboration have prompted awareness of the increasing risk of HIV infection for many factors associated with the status of women.
Working Group on International Liability for injurious consequences arising from acts not prohibited by international law
Fragmentation of international law: difficulties arising from diversification and expansion of international law.
The Government has been slow and limited in establishing an effective and reliable justice system.
The events of January 2003 brought an enormous burden on the newly emerging defence and police forces of Timor-Leste, resulting in procedural violations and human rights violations.
The view was also expressed that, in the analysis of the report, it should be more appropriately reflected in the core strategy of the United Nations system to achieve the Millennium Development Goals adopted in June 2002 and in all aspects of the Millennium Project, as they were a comprehensive framework at the global and national levels to facilitate joint efforts by States and development institutions to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
General Assembly
(g) Advisory Committee on UNRWA: proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003;
Table 11 presents a reduction in the budget resulting from the implementation of the Advisory Committee's recommendations on non-post objects of expenditure (including the recommendations of the Committee on posts and the impact of its recommendations on the computer retention cycle)
II.10 The Advisory Committee recommends that the arrangements for current support to the Security Council be reviewed within the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 to streamline those arrangements and, where appropriate, to integrate support capacities to enhance the efficiency of activities and to provide staff and other support services with full use (A/57/7/Add.17, para.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the current proposed recovery of information technology resources for the period 2002-2003 amount to $4806,600 (not recosting) and $113,800 for expanded resources (see paras.
In considering the budget, the Commission felt that the ECE secretariat had been proactive in making recommendations and discussing the programme of meetings and publications with representatives of ECE.
Human rights
Resource growth includes the restoration of approximately $200 million (not recosting).
In March 2003, an independent Ministry of Human Rights was established to replace the human rights component that had previously been under the jurisdiction of the Minister of Justice.
It reported that its HIV/AIDS prevention and control plan was coordinated with host country AIDS programmes and refugee civil society.
2003/15 Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
In addition, in the case of terrorist acts committed outside Costa Rica, or in the absence of a true application, articles 274 and 374 of the Criminal Code provide for legal penalties for the creation of a State or an international organization in terrorist activities.
In this regard, it is envisaged to amend articles 274 and 374 of the Criminal Code relating to illegal organizations.
For its part, the legal status of the Foundation is established in accordance with Act No. 5338 of 28 August 1973, which provides for the recognition of “the proper legal status of the Foundation, such as the non-profit entity of the public service, the deployment of fixed assets for education, philanthropic, scientific activities and all activities to promote social welfare”.
The Committee urges the State party to increase its support for single-parent families.
At the same time, in accordance with the agreement reached at the meeting of the Chief of Staff in Pretoria in March 2003, FARDC personnel currently deployed in Kinshasa will be placed in the camp and monitored by MONUC military observers.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee consists of the following 23 Member States:
Review
In this regard, the Special Committee notes that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 provides resources for the programme of work of the Special Committee for 2004-2005 on the basis of the number of approved activities in 2003, without prejudice to the decisions to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Representatives of regional organizations
Many Territories have made significant progress in political, constitutional, economic and social development and have made significant progress in self-government.
It was noted that the economic situation in certain regions had resulted in an increase in the number of migrants from the coca bush area, while in order to respond to drug law enforcement efforts, illicit drug processing points tended to move from rural to sub-urban areas.
At the same meeting, the Commission considered the draft resolution entitled “Measures to promote the exchange of information on new characteristics and substances used for drug injuries” (E/CN.7/2003/L.10) with the sponsors: Benin, Egypt, Greece (on behalf of States Members of the United Nations), Switzerland and the United States of America.
(a) Changes in the scope of control of substances;
Solomone Niva, Minister of Health of Fiji
• To allow access to all documents considered as relevant to nuclear activities (e.g. progress reports, communication between governmental and executive organizations, conference records and computer files) and to allow for appropriate forensic analysis on the ground or other locations (e.g. removal, photocopies).
C. Attendance
Communication No. 933/2000: Adrian Mundo Busyo, Thomas Othudi Wongodi, René Sibu Matubuk et al. v. Democratic Republic of the Congo (Views adopted on 31 July 2003), 22828
The Human Rights Committee, established under article 28 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 1988, the Zambian High Court ruled that there was no reason to continue his detention.
3.2 The author also maintains that article 14, paragraph 3, of the Covenant is violated, since criminal proceedings have continued for more than 15 years.
6.1 On 12 September 2002, the State party replied to the Committee's request for the date on which the author's son was executed and the State party's precise time to be informed of the submission of the communication.
7.2 With regard to the admissibility of the author's claim on his own, her daughter and the name of the former Sun, the Committee has, in the light of a consistent precedent, made it necessary for the parties to produce convincing grounds to send a communication on behalf of others without authorization.
On 20 July 1999, the Full Court granted an appeal to the Minister for the judgement of 15 February 1999, in which the Court of Appeal decided in the “This extremely difficult case”, although “suggested”, evidence was frank and an appropriate balance of conflicting factors.
The State party adds that it is clear that the risk of a violation of article 7 must be real and that the inevitable and foreseeable consequences of the return of a person may be violated.
Communication No.
To this end, you have no right to claim a pension under this law.”
The military officers in the region's value during the period 1990-1991 were Amarassinghe, after which a terrorist attack took place.
Accordingly, the State party has provided means and facilities for the wrongful act.
6.4 The State party does not recognize the alleged existence of age discrimination legislation as a response to the findings of the author's case by the PRC.
The body authorized by the Convention to `accepted and consider' a communication is the Committee, not the Committee.
The facts as presented by the author 3
Complainant's comments on the State party's observations
They noted that the State party did not refute these arguments in its observations.
On 4 July 2001, the High Court granted bail Cabral, but on 2 August 2001 it was held on appeal.
The detention of all remand prisoners in 1989 has been constructed in Melbourne, but six weeks after the arrival, and new remand prisoners must be held at Cobburg reception centres.
Subsequently, he and other members of the organization were aware that the relevant education laws (article 157 of the Education Act and article 5 of the Act on Education) prohibited the publication of textbooks in secondary schools.
3.8 The author adds that Norway's law on the right to use since ancient times is in itself a violation of article 27 in accordance with the interpretation and practice of various Norwegian courts.
On the contrary, the interests of the Sami people have been guaranteed through the facilitation mechanism if they have not previously been able to establish sufficient pastoral rights in the reindeer husbandry area.
On 4 February 2000, the Commission reached an agreement to recommend to its respective groups.
However, the author did not provide information, and therefore it was not possible to point out whether the Supreme Court did not have a bias against the Saami in the 1897 case in the case of Aursunden.
On 2 February 1997, he was formally charged with the murder of Mr. M, and on 7 February 1997, he was held in pretrial detention.
2.3 The author submits that the confirmation receipts of the Postal Administration indicate that the date on which the application for the delivery of the door was Friday, 24 June 1994, the last day of the application.
2.17 On 2 December 1998, the judgement of the Criminal Court found that the author had been charged and sentenced to six months of imprisonment to a fine of bail and ordered him to pay the complainant's compensation to the complainant.
The Tribunal has also failed to rule on this request, but, in accordance with the State party, it has a reasonable expectation of success, since it has always been linked to illegal administrative decisions, and the Government has legal responsibility for that purpose (rule 77 of the Administrative Court of Justice, 26 January 1973).
At this point, the Court of Appeal was satisfied that “the author was no longer in a position to do so and could give a clearer consideration to the current position, such as the location of the victims in his life, because of the acceptance of the Clorazil drug treatment” and “the possibility of recidivism and danger to society as long as the author insisted on the use of Clorazil, could be negligible”; “Clozil treatment is very successful”.
The author drew attention to the Committee's decision of Berry v. Jamaica (No. 3330/1998), which was adopted on 7 April 1994; and in the case of Gerffin v. Spain (No.
Sofia and Bulgaria Electricity Company, International Permanent Court, Judgment, Series, A/B No. 79, 1999.
The substantive cooperation required would first require Iraq to fulfil its obligations to declare all weapons of mass destruction programmes, either to declare the items and activities related to their destruction or to provide evidence to facilitate a conclusion that there is no prohibited goods or activity.
We in Iraq have preferred nothing to be banned and, if the contrary, they should be considered innocent in the absence of evidence.
One obvious example is Iraq's declaration of heavy explosives HMX, noting that some of the HMX, which had been seized by IAEA at the end of 1998 as an industrial mining agent.
Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules and procedures of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and with the practice of the Commission on Sustainable Development, the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests and the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests, representatives of intergovernmental organizations and major groups with relevant expertise may participate in [the activities of the ad hoc expert group] during the first [second] day of meetings [three] days in the capacity of observer].
Currently, 60 out of the 165 districts in the south and south-east are considered to be high-level risks.
E. Human rights questions
In addition, efforts are needed to promote integrated and coordinated economic and social development, which is essential for the development of the whole category of individuals.
If the State does not guarantee its right to exist, these communities will not realize the cultural, social and economic integrity set out in the Constitution.
There are also some enterprises, when confronted with public protests and political constraints, or considering too expensive the cost of engaging in sustainable development, which is central to human rights, preferring to stop, eliminate projects or invest.
Thus, in such cases, article 25 of the Money Laundering Act and article 180 of the Code of Criminal Procedure could also be used entirely to freeze funds related to terrorist actions or terrorist organizations without delay.
As indicated in paragraph 1 of the memorandum and in the relevant statements, credentials had been received from 40 countries during the meeting of the Credentials Committee in the form set out in rule 24 of the rules of procedure, namely, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, Fiji, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, Jordan, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Mauritius, Norway, Portugal, the Republic of Korea, Romania, Norway, the Republic of the Republic of Thailand, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Lithuania, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Thailand, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Thailand, the Republic of Thailand, the Republic of China, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of China, the Republic of Korea, the United Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, Portugal, the Republic of Thailand, the Republic of the United Republic of Thailand, the Republic of the Republic of Thailand, the Republic of Thailand, the Republic of the United Republic of Thailand, the Republic of Thailand, the Republic of the Republic of Thailand, the Republic of Korea, the Republic
United Nations
Article 8, paragraph 3, of the Non-Governmental Organizations Act (voluntary association and funding) provides that foreigners and stateless persons may participate as non-governmental organizations operating in Azerbaijan as citizens of Azerbaijan.
Support to private initiatives in agriculture.
Reaffirms that everyone has the right to freely participate in the cultural life of the society, to enjoy the arts and to share scientific progress and benefits arising therefrom;
Under the Fund's provisions, projects must be managed by women, which must be innovative and not competition with other similar enterprises in the same field.
The first course was opened in June 2001 by the Scandinavia- Baltic Sea Training Platform (NBP) and the European Network of Cultural Management Centres (ENCATC).
This is a project for two urban sports and recreation sectors.
Paragraph 1
Some of the electronic business processes that may be of interest to States (OECD 2003) and some definitions have been identified:
We will explore the possibility of using microdata links between e-commerce and technological censuses and other production surveys.
World Bank (2003).
The EU attaches particular importance to the consideration of the Committee's work.
The Chairman: The Committee will now proceed to take action on draft decisions contained in document A/C.1/58/L.17, entitled “Questions on disarmament and international security”.
Step 3: FMCT negotiations
Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Working Group with the services and assistance needed to carry out its work.
Consideration of reports 23 9
No legislative provisions criminalizing acts of racism are defined as any legislative provisions for acts of racially motivated crimes and no legislative provisions for the court to take into account the motives of racism when deciding on them.
Children with disabilities
The Committee welcomes the implementation of strategies aimed at strengthening the rights of Roma children to health services and to integrate education, such as through health and education intermediaries and in the manner in which they are offered counselling in Romany language.
A special review of gender equality recommended the development of a policy to mainstream gender issues in the country and recommended that such policies be tested in selected projects.
Most of them are treated in primary care or in hospital emergency wards.
Labour laws recognize trade unions of individual enterprises, multi-business unions, independent practitioners' unions and temporary trade unions.
If women workers die after childbirth, their post-natal leave should be extended, and the specific time extended is determined by the department providing them with preventive or therapeutic medical care.
A number of tasks and actions have been carried out following the opening of the 800 telephone call programme, which has been continuously assessed and improved.
In 2000, dengue was also included in the list of compulsory diseases.
As a result of this support and other forms of support and incentives, the number of registered students in the subsidized sector increased by 27,611 in 1994 to 1998 showed an increase of 10 per cent.
These schools are also benefiting from the fact that they are the main target of the national aid programme.
(Percentage)
“17. Requests the Secretary-General, in accordance with past practice, to facilitate the organization of side meetings of non-governmental organizations and professional organizations participating in the Eleventh Congress, as well as meetings of professional groups and geographical interests groups, and to take appropriate measures to encourage the participation of the academic research community in the Eleventh Congress;
Many indigenous representatives discussed common education issues, including the maintenance of school attendance at students throughout the period of compulsory and non-mandatory education and the low rates of achievement.
We commend the establishment by the United Nations of the Ad Hoc Open-ended Ad Hoc Open-ended Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on the Integrated United Nations Conference on Disarmament, in order to coordinate and follow up on the implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields.
Preparations are under way for the annual meeting of States Parties in November.
This strategy should address any gaps and constraints in the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Declaration also recognizes that developing and least developed countries need more technical assistance and capacity-building support in this area, including policy analysis and development, to enable them to better evaluate the development policies and objectives of multilateral cooperation and the impact of human development and institutional development, and is committed to working with other relevant intergovernmental organizations, including UNCTAD, through appropriate regional or bilateral channels.
For the purposes of this instrument,
A warning and hazard sex education should be sent to affected communities as early as possible.
Most border checkpoints can use them through satellite.
The signature of the present document by the parties, neighbouring States and the United Nations implies consent to the provisions of the plan.
From 1990 to 1999, the ratio of primary school attendance in developing countries rose from 0.87 to 0.92, and indicators such as school attendance at secondary schools from 0.75 to 0.89.
This difference is not limited to a given age but the evidence discussed in the present report covers only adults.
In developing countries, differences in health-care knowledge and behaviour are fundamental causes of disparities in education levels.
e Data refer to students (study students), excluding students (study students before universities).
(i) Parliamentary documentation: preparation and submission of documents on the work of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary organs, as well as ad hoc bodies and special sessions organized under the auspices of the United Nations, including the preliminary list, the provisional agenda and the final agenda and its statements, the list of supplementary items, the memorandum of the Secretary-General on the organization of work of the Assembly, the report of the General Committee on the status of documentation for processing and issuance; and the resolutions and decisions and decisions and decisions and decisions and decisions adopted by the Council and decisions and decisions adopted by the Council and decisions and decisions;
The strategy for the current biennium is to strengthen the functions of the provision and editing of reference information in order to minimize delays in the processing of documentation.
Subprogramme 2
All of these acts are contrary to the resolutions adopted by the international community, which point out the illegality of those acts and called upon Israel to withdraw from the land, but the Israeli authorities have left it.
My delegation also wishes to thank the United Nations for its commendable action to mitigate the impact of natural disasters on human society through coordinated efforts by the international community, and to pay particular attention to the needs of developing countries in this process.
The special session on children provided us with an opportunity not only to review the progress made since 1990, but also to provide us with an opportunity to further commit ourselves to the world's lives.
These include HIV/AIDS, child trafficking and commercial sexual exploitation of children, maternal and neonatal mortality, and child malnutrition.
How can a billion children continue to live in extreme poverty, with 100 million children out of school and more children under education; some 1.5 billion children are malnourished in developing countries and one million children under five years of age die every year from preventable diseases, and, in such cases, how successful?
The plan of action is comprehensive and includes strategies for prevention, implementation and implementation, protection and repatriation, reintegration and reintegration.
The authorized posts at the Professional level for 2003 are shown in annex II.
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held an informal meeting to discuss the report on its mission to the region.
Summary of the activities of the Mission
Response:
I have received a corresponding letter from the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Dominica, Eritrea, Ghana, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Mali, Malta, Netherlands, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Paraguay, Portugal, Rwanda, Slovakia, Slovenia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Zimbabwe joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Recognizes that the international economic, commercial and financial fields are closely linked to the implementation of the right to development, and in this regard stresses the importance of expanding the international decision-making base on development issues to fill gaps in the organization, strengthening the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and emphasizes the need to engage developing countries and economies in transition more and more strongly in international economic decision-making and norm-setting;
Calls upon States to pay special attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including positive measures, in order to guarantee the full realization of the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health;
Decides to consider this question at its sixtieth session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Deeply concerned at acts of violence, racism and xenophobia and other forms of discrimination, inhuman and degrading treatment against migrants, in particular women and children, in different parts of the world,
Recommendations
In addition, interaction is becoming more closely linked, and more existing cargo trans-shipment companies seek to establish joint relationships with shipping companies or other transport companies.
E. forthcoming activities: impact on trade facilitation
Article 14 Part III of the Criminal Code provides that criminal legislation of the Republic of Tajikistan shall be valid regardless of whether the law of the place of crime provides for acts against the public, whether committed by aircraft or vessels flying the flag of the Republic of Tajikistan or which are clearly marked and legally authentic.
Does any relevant bilateral treaty as a State party relate to crimes under international conventions and protocols as extraditable?
15.20 Administrative direction and management are the responsibility of the Executive Director, whose offices include the New York Liaison Office.
(b) Proposed organization of work (A/AC.265/2003/L.2);
(Signed) Inocencio F.
Investment required may include specific and specific assets, resulting in the cost of side and the cost of transaction.
See International Institute for Environment and Development, op. cit.
The Chairman made a statement.
The legislation of Slovenia obliges all State organs, in particular the Ministry of Defence, the intelligence services and private security companies, to cooperate to combat kidnapping.
Members called on both parties to cooperate fully with MONUC and third-party verification mechanisms.
Other funds
Other related matters
Human resources management and payroll system
As a result of the overlap between the financial oversight functions of the Department of Operations and the Finance Division, the harmonization of financial responsibilities between the two Departments has increased.
In view of the fact that the family has an audio-visual network, it is not clear that it can use women in the family, and that the statistics on the use of audio-visual devices will also be important.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
Indeed, differences of opinion are one of the objectives that the Iraqi leadership seeks.
It is also because of these, I can say that any decision by the people of Iraq is acceptable to Turkey as long as it is achieved in a democratic manner, through the participation of all.
Note by the Secretariat*
Many Parties estimate that, even if the most recent measures identified in the late 1990s have been adopted, they may also not meet the Kyoto target.
Affirms that dialogue among cultures has essentially enriched the common understanding of human rights and affirms that international contacts and cooperation in the area of culture can bring important benefits;
General debate
Some delegations expressed the view that those responsibilities and circumstances, which were commonly referred to as “state actors”, should be reviewed.
However, some delegations were of the view that special treatment should be allowed to the perpetrators who agreed to provide information that would help to identify the truth.
By contrast, 16 countries made indicative pledges for 2001.
Let us work together so that this day will come under the concrete efforts of the Committee and other multilateral frameworks, in full cooperation, particularly through the full political will shown in the capital of the world and the indication of national priorities.
Secondly, the media reports widely, and the report of the Monitoring Team contains a worrying fact that Al-Qaida has decided to use chemical and biological weapons.
The next item will be discussed immediately once a discussion is completed, if time is allowed.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and place;
(a) The meeting of the seminar should be held in public, but the President concluded that the meeting of closed persons would need to be held in exceptional circumstances.
It is clear that there is no real lasting peace in the Middle East without addressing the Israeli relations with the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The level of development and achievement will depend on positive developments in the overall security situation and the involvement of the international community.
Mr. Vassiliev (Bulgaria): At the outset, I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for having organized this important meeting on the security situation in Afghanistan, which has given us the opportunity to hear such an excellent briefing by Ambassador West, Ambassador Brand and Mr. Guéhenno.
(d) To use the best medical findings to improve treatment programmes, to undertake a prudent assessment, effective case management and adequate follow-up support;
Our responsibility is to issue an audit opinion on these financial statements.
The plan is maintained by premiums from field staff, relevant contributions from UNHCR and interest income.
(i) Miscellaneous income
Note 8 Voluntary contributions receivable
The Committee recommends that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations develop a methodology to identify the best number of staff required to manage the system of contingent-owned equipment, taking into account the evolving workload of the missions.
d In accordance with the provisions of General Assembly resolution 56/505 of 27 June 2002, the total amount of $18,068,667 for Member States for the period ended 30 June 2001 was reduced by the unencumbered balance of $12,488,667 and other income of $5,580,000.
In order to commemorate the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, the Ministry of Women's Affairs organized a national working conference focused on domestic violence.
I commend the Government and the international community for their strong work in close coordination in this regard and urge the Government of Afghanistan to take the necessary steps to continue its reform of its security institutions, while convinced that the international community will continue to support the reform of the security sector.
Reaffirming the importance of preferential tariff regimes as an essential mechanism for facilitating access to international markets for alternative development products,
The situation in Afghanistan
The challenge for 2002 is to consolidate a fragile peace base.
In addition, we believe that the indefinite possession of nuclear weapons by nuclear-weapon States, as well as by nuclear-weapon States, is a continuing threat to human security and survival.
In order to effectively utilize the remaining time and facilities allocated to the Committee, I would like to receive full cooperation from delegations so that the First Committee can successfully complete its work in a constructive manner.
Agricultural subsidies for crops, plantations and livestock have reduced the relative profits of the forest, resulting in increased deforestation.
The Special Rapporteur visited the region in September 1994 as a result of receipt of complaints of different nationalities from the various fronts, recognizing the gravity of the conflict at that time.
The second expert meeting discussed the legal definition of mercenaries, as well as the need to revise the definition contained in article 1 of the International Convention of 1989.
Determined to encourage strict compliance with the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
At its 6th meeting, on 4 October, the Chairman said that the Secretariat had informed him that the proposals for Western Sahara, New Caledonia and American Samoa, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Guam, Montserrat, Pitcairn, Saint Helena, Tokelau, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands had no programme budget implications.
The Government of Ecuador will inform the Committee as soon as possible.
If there is a further assumption that 30 per cent of the investment team will work on re-insurance, it is necessary that commercial lenders take 50 per cent of all the risks, while approximately 25 per cent of the project costs are paid by project sponsors or beneficiaries, the investment value of $2 billion in contributions may be as high as $2.7 billion.
Takes note of resolution CM/Res.1356 (LIV) of the Bamako Convention on the Prohibition of the Import and Control of Hazardous Wastes and Their Transboundary Movement in Africa, adopted by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity in 1991;
At the International Ministerial Conference of Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries and Donor Countries and International Financial and Development Institutions on Transit Transport Cooperation (August), held in Arta, Kazakhstan, the secretariat contributed to the preparation of UNCTAD's report on “Strengthening the challenges and opportunities of transport systems and economic development in landlocked and transit developing countries” (UNCTAD/LDC/2003/8) and provided a detailed description of trade and trade negotiations.
The two secretariats organized regional capacity-building workshops with WTO regional workshops on trade and environment.
These items are or have a high value, or are of a permanent nature (“ Valuation Items”).
Today, let us unite to rid the world of the chain of inhumane poverty.
We need to preserve the role of the United Nations and to ensure that all States, big and small, comply with the Charter of the United Nations.
Do we, as the debtor, will never be a poor country?
We firmly believe that these modest reforms will make the interests of the various stakeholders more relevant to the deliberations of the General Assembly, which will also contribute to the full debate of issues of vital importance, thus making it easier to implement decisions.
Programme and budget for 2004-2005
Referring to General Assembly resolution 56/227 of 24 December 2001, the Assembly called upon the Secretary-General to strengthen the operational capacity of UNCTAD and other organizations and agencies of the United Nations system in support of the activities of recipient countries, in particular the least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States; and asked whether UNCTAD would take any measures to ensure that its activities were not repeated with other United Nations activities aimed at supporting the least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States.
Iraq now has a Management Committee, which is the first truly representative body of the country.
Both have identified the road to peace, and all people have access to the day of freedom, the time of peace.
President Chirac (spoke in French): Sergio Vieira de Mello is the pride of the United Nations.
The fight against international terrorism is at the forefront of Croatia's priorities.
The political system of the Republic of Korea is a mixed presidential system that contains certain features of the parliamentary system, different from the purely presidential system.
In general, violations and compensation for this are two.
[Original: French]
Introduction 1 - 6 3
Draft resolution I
The MONUC Ituri Brigade consists of an authorized strength of 4,800 military personnel, including four battalions and auxiliary units.
After this time, MONUC has taken several actions to collect weapons in Bunia and to detain some suspected private weapons.
Despite these challenges, humanitarian organizations continued to provide assistance in all areas of access and to assess areas that were not previously inaccessible.
The report includes, inter alia, a number of matters to be taken by the Forum.
In indicator of achievement (d), replace the words “taking best practices” with the words “taking best practices in implementing the results of the annual programme impact review of the Department”.
In the objectives, replace the words “in the light of the Millennium Declaration as a guide to the Millennium Declaration”, with the words “guidelines for the priority objectives of the medium-term plan, taking into account General Assembly resolution 55/2 ( Millennium Declaration).
Also recommends that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, together with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, cooperate with all Member States, in accordance with paragraph 21 of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/70 of 25 April 2003, encourages Governments to organize meetings, workshops and other activities at the regional and national levels on the achievements and shortcomings of the Decade for Human Rights Education, in coordination with the Office;
Discrimination against the person who has been released
Taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/50 of 23 April 2003 on the rights of persons belonging to national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities,
Taking into account the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights on the elimination of violence against women, including resolution 2003/45 of 23 April 2003, and the reports of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session (E/CN.4/2003/75 and Corr.1 and Add.1, Add.2 and Add.2/Corr.1, Add.3 and 4),
Sudan
Systems suppliers, potential donors and end-users, as well as industry users, service providers and international organizations, should work closely to ensure the provision of safe, seamless global satellite navigation, positioning and positioning systems.
Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
In November 2002, FAO organized a technical meeting on enhancing stakeholder participation in the Facility to identify ways of enhancing the participatory process of national forest programmes and building partnerships for action.
The Secretary-General and his Special Envoy also maintain close contact with other members of the international community.
“In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to His Excellency Mr. Hoshyar Zebari, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Iraq.
The Special Rapporteur believes that the United Nations should play a stronger political role in the Sudan in order to support the current peace process and achieve lasting peace.
He noted that the new body of the Committee for the Suppression of the Abduction of Women and Children, the ongoing discussions on the establishment of national human rights institutions, the training activities organized by OHCHR in accordance with technical cooperation programmes and preliminary measures taken to strengthen the role of civil society in Southern Sudan under rebel domination.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are requested to contact the secretariat of the Committee (Ms. Alexander De Barros or Ms. Lyyia Bawar) (tel. 1 (212) 963-2320 and 963 5973; fax 1 (212) 963-5935).
During this work, dialogue and consultations must be held with regional organizations, political leaders and members of civil society.
(h) Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund on its first regular session 2002 (DP/2002/10);
“Recalling also the relevant resolutions on human settlements, in particular General Assembly resolutions 3327 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974 and 32/162 of 19 December 1977,
Under agenda item 14 (d), the Council adopted resolutions 2002/20 and 2002/21 and decisions 2002/240 and 2002/241.
At its 37th meeting, on 24 July, the observer for Cyprus, on behalf of Kenya1 and Yemen,1 introduced a draft decision entitled “Strengthening the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees” (E/2002/L.11).
b In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/206 of 21 December 2001, the Commission on Human Settlements changed from 1 January 2002 to the Governing Council of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat).
During that meeting, we noted with satisfaction the increase in the number of Member States and continued the debate on the annual declarations and prior notification of ballistic missiles and space launch vehicles and the improvement of standards and quality.
The sovereignty of the Falkland Islands will not change unless the people on the island wish to change.
Encourages the relevant authorities to open courses for children in schools, including mutual understanding, tolerance, active participation in civil affairs, human rights and the promotion of a culture of peace;
The case of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, as well as the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, described the importance of justice in the most difficult process towards national reconciliation.
Ultimately, the General Assembly needs to take a decision on this matter.
1.4 As the lead department for terrorism, the Department of Political Affairs will cooperate with the Centre for Crime Prevention and Justice and other relevant departments of the Secretariat in the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
As for the Tribunal, it will liaise on behalf of it at United Nations Headquarters on the basis of the Relationship Agreement between the Tribunal and the Organization.
(b) To promote dialogue with the main groups referred to in Agenda 21, including women, youth, indigenous peoples, business, trade unions, the scientific community, farmers and non-governmental organizations, and to promote the participation of these groups in the work of the Committee and in general sustainable development activities;
Indicators of achievement
11.23 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Indicators of achievement
Strategy
In particular, the work of decision makers has also been supported to take into account the social problems of managing water, energy and the environment in their policies and programmes.
Performance measurement
Expected accomplishments
20.17 The main objective of the subprogramme is to assist victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents, at the request of Member States.
The International Association for Volunteerism has a voluntary liaison representative, who will attend all United Nations conferences for non-governmental organizations and submit periodic reports to the Board of Trustees of the International Institute for Volunteer Work and communications on United Nations activities.
The jury then made recommendations to the Government, which would be strictly implemented and evaluated.
Ms. Rodsmoen (Norway) said that serious human rights violations were being committed on behalf of counter-terrorism and that combating terrorism was becoming an excuse for the torture and suppression of human rights defenders.
Introduction
“The Security Council expresses its grave concern at the fact that, on 29 and 30 November, the ECOWAS forces and the French forces observed armed elements in an attempt to cross the ceasefire line, as well as the grave consequences that might arise.
Fifty-eighth session
Family: 8.8 per cent of kin: 27.2 per cent of friends: 8 per cent of the same business, or working relationships: 52.7 per cent of their own (access to short information): 25.0 per cent
They should be sent within one week of the date of this document to the Chief, Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza.
Older persons were not vulnerable as a group, but the ageing process had forced people to adapt to the material, social and economic environment they were unable to control, thereby exacerbating their risks.
The different groups specifically expressed their common concern, but they agreed that social vulnerabilities impeded their full potential and deprive them of their voice and rights.
There are few families who have lost their homes because of medical costs and loss of income for members of the infected family.
In situations of armed conflict and other disasters, informal support systems often disappear due to death, disappearances or forced migration.
The reference to “international responsibility” indicates that the draft articles examine the responsibility of international organizations entirely from the perspective of international law.
The Commission did not correctly equate international organizations with an appropriate balance between intergovernmental organizations and, even when the scope of the draft articles might be overly restrictive, it would also wish to adopt a uniform definition of the organization.
Fifty-seventh session
The primary responsibility of the State for the protection of refugees and other persons responsible for UNHCR; the core of UNHCR's international protection responsibilities is the protection of refugees and others who are responsible for exercising their international protection in a more coherent manner in the country when they are temporarily unwilling or unable to exercise their international protection functions; UNHCR must ensure that the identity of the registered beneficiaries is a very useful way to provide protection and redress for their problems, including through partnerships.
Taking into account the growing and close relationship between conflict management, humanitarian action, human rights and development policies, I reassess the status of UNHCR in the United Nations family.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts of the Government of Chad to continue its dialogue with the Democratic and Justice Movement of Chad and other opposition parties, which are reflected in the following areas:
An important policy decision must be made in the design of super priority for the purchase price of the goods, whether such a priority should be given only to the seller of the goods or to banks and other lenders providing financing for the acquisition of the goods.
The benefits of identifying such priority claims are social objectives.
For creditors, clear and predictable priority rules and mechanisms for the effective identification and determination of priority in the provision of credit are equally important as detailed in the priority rules itself.
General Assembly resolutions
The most common signatory is the Chairman and Special Rapporteur of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
However, in order to check all goods entering Somalia or from Somalia to neighbouring countries, there is a need for a large amount of human and sophisticated inspection equipment, while most countries in the region do not have such manpower.
The largest airport in Somalia is Hargeisa, with an average monthly transport of 8,000 passengers and 350 tons of goods.
Calendar of conferences and meetings in the economic, social and related fields (agenda item 7 (c))
(d) Report of the Board of Trustees of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (E/2003/59);
Basic programme of work of the Council
Agenda item 113: Promotion and protection of the rights of children (continued) (A/C.3/58/L.23/Rev.1, L.28 and L.83)
The United States Government must therefore vote against the draft resolution.
Mr. Schurti (Liechtenstein) agreed in principle to support the Office of the Special Representative through regular budget funding.
Ms. Elisha (Benin) said that she regretted the vote, and she added that delegations had come together to change the thrust of the draft resolution by changing the title of the draft resolution.
Article 45, paragraph 3, of the Constitution defines discrimination as: “The `discrimination' performance refers to different treatment, which is entirely or primarily dependent on the ethnic, origin, political opinion, colour, creed or gender of their respective belongings, while the other group is bound or restricted without any restriction on the enjoyment of the privileges or preferences of the former.”
Persons with disabilities have the right to non-discriminatory and equal access to these services.
The placement services are provided by the company's headquarters and district service centres (including the Goz Island's office centre).
Because of the different rules applicable to each category, the Regulations also distinguish between “children”, “children” and “mouth”.
As of October 2000, 32 children lived in childcare homes, of whom 173 were boys and 150 girls.
The list of cases is divided according to the location of the house, with a total of 68 such areas.
The hidden mirror can be provided only in exceptional circumstances.
However, all high-risk pregnancies follow up on prenatal clinics at maternity hospitals.
In view of the small size of the Maltese islands (316 square kilometres), the use of land is a major challenge for Malta.
There is also a provision for a mentoring plan and partial support to provide student services.
Malta favoured the idea of culture as a manifestation of the broad personal, social and economic value.
The creative activities of those documents are viewed as basic activities to ensure national sustainable development, since they have the potential to bring economic value to society at large.
1989-2001 Notice of rent and sales issued by the Housing Authority
Despite the significant efforts being made, war, resources, poverty, HIV/AIDS and other issues continue to severely hamper the sustainable development of African societies.
In particular, I would like to turn to issues such as financial, debt, market access and transfer of technology and experience.
In developing countries, the importance of trade will not be overstated.
These procedures also impose controls on the management, surveillance and appointment of accredited associations.
It must be reaffirmed that all persons with disabilities have the right to protection, to enjoy full and equal enjoyment of human rights without discrimination and to “any violation of fundamental principles of equality or any discrimination or other discrimination against persons with disabilities are incompatible with the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and are violations of the human rights of persons with disabilities”.
Support was therefore expressed for the revision of the informal paper of the two States of Fall, in favour of a comprehensive convention prohibiting the cloning of human beings for reproductive purposes, on the one hand, and attempts to regulate other forms of cloning, namely, the option of a future State party or the prohibition or suspension of such cloning, or through domestic legislation.
C. Possible action by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation 4 3
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations and without objection, I will invite the Permanent Observer of the Holy See to address the Council at an appropriate time.
However, we must not lose sight of the humanitarian dimensions of Iraq.
We urge the Government of Iraq to make the right decision.
Over the years, Member States have consistently called on humanitarian agencies to go ahead with the projections of possible crises.
The illegal possession of weapons of mass destruction, terrorism, and separatism of aggression are often wrong, threatening the foundations of the international system.
This month marked the two and a half years of the crisis in Israel and the West Bank and Gaza — a insecure, political impasse and the growing economic damage.
My delegation will therefore make the greatest contribution to the continued efforts of the international community towards those goals.
Those who struggled for justice, such as the ban on the island of Vieques, or the struggle for national independence, were persecuted.
He will clarify and elaborate further on such methods and the need to incorporate them into human rights needs.
The provisions of these extradition treaties are consistent with section XIII of the Code of Criminal Procedure.
Table 21.32
The situation of employment and unemployment in almost all countries of the region has deteriorated, despite the fact that, to date, the most serious is Argentina, Uruguay and Venezuela, which have experienced a serious economic crisis.
Agenda item 121
Without such a strict distinction, it is easy to draw policy conclusions when discussing scientific facts.
earmarked funding and external resources are the main source of funding for most assessments.
The process of making results a relevant science policy is equally important for the data collection process (see www.unep.org/DEWWA/water/Marine Assessment/report/Iceland-proposal.doc).
Security Council Documents
Developing countries are increasingly interested in multilateral discussions of the Working Group on Domestic Regulations.
Case study on Cuba.
In addition, the secretariat continues to provide the troop-contributing countries with an annual report on this issue.
For responses to this issue, see the responses to paragraphs 2 (a) and (b).
The camp and placement sites were infiltrated by armed elements, and refugees were subjected to interdiction, non-admission or forced repatriation and were denied access to effective asylum procedures.
In addition, under the guidance of the concept, the High Commissioner decided to convene a forum on special arrangements, which was a central issue for the Forum.
The question of “Somaliland” also remains controversial.
On 23 July, a shot at United Nations aircraft in Ballotre.
Combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth periodic report of Brazil (CEDAW/C/BRA/1-5)
The report indicated that the Governments and non-governmental organizations of Brazil had participated in the preparation process, but she wondered whether the Government of Brazil or the National Assembly had adopted the report.
Students have preferred religious classes, and science and mathematics are not welcome.
(c) Training
The Panel therefore recommends compensation for this claim.
General and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
“14. Welcomes the emphasis placed by the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination on the importance of the follow-up to the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance and welcomes the measures recommended by the Committee to strengthen the implementation of the Convention and the functioning of the Committee;
“Implementation of and coordination of the Programme of Action for the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination
Fifty-eighth session
The key environmental challenge of the Bayron Sea is: (i) commercial fishing and its impact on the marine environment, the rate of production, growth and mortality of fish stocks; (ii) Persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals gathered in the Arctic environment, despite the fragmentation of the Arctic environment; (iii) the need for industrial development and conservation and cleaner environments; and (iv) the sharp increase in ocean transport activities from the year 2001 onwards;
Several delegations expressed the view that unregulated fishing, persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals, seabed activities, shipping activities and dumping in areas beyond national jurisdiction and the effects of climate change posed a real and persistent threat to the Arctic marine ecosystem environment.
Multilingualism and information
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue to develop partnerships with local, national and regional broadcasters to bring the United Nations voice to every corner of the world;
The programme agrees with another study of global entrepreneurship monitoring, namely that entrepreneurs need support to identify and seize business opportunities.
Mr. Xviier Petit, University of Lyon, France
Mr. Yves Regez, Lausanne of Switzerland
Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights
Mr. Dumit left (Romania): Mr. President, since this was the first time we made a statement during this session, I would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference.
With regard to the modalities for verification, a comprehensive approach and a focused approach have been proposed and widely discussed.
Since 1987, a total of 2,550 Palestinian homes in the West Bank (including East Jerusalem) have been dismantled due to lack of prior access to building permits, resulting in a loss of their homes.
Some 100 loans are currently under way in the portfolio of its dedicated investment projects, with the value of insurance over $5 million; and an additional $3 million is allocated to commitments for 50 new loans (November 2002).
(c) The occupied Palestinian territories will be available and drawing on the extensive programme implementation experience accumulated by UN-Habitat in post-conflict and stable environments;
McDowall Dowall D., op. cit.
I am writing to draw your attention to the recent terrorist attacks against Israeli citizens.
Contents
Over 1 million students received scholarships from Eastern Europe, Soviet Union, Viet Nam and China.
According to the 1995 census, 3 per cent of women and 5 per cent of men aged 15 and above have completed the opening of secondary schools, 2 per cent of women and 3 per cent of men.
Between 1976 and 1995, the number of central hospitals increased from 4 to 8 and the number of provincial hospitals increased from 12 to 18, and district hospitals from 96 to 131 homes, and the number of health centres increased from 294 to 542.
The Lao Youth Alliance will also work with the Ministry of Health to explore innovative approaches to provide counselling and birth spacing services to adolescents.
The same curricula for men and women, the children are working in football, soccer, shook and other similar collective movements.
Indigenous adolescents have already taken note of the experiences of our predecessors in the United Nations system and are familiar with human rights instruments.
As an observer for the first meeting of the States Parties to the Ottawa Convention, held in Maputo in May 1999, Turkey announced its intention to accede to the Convention in the first decade of the new millennium.
These debates have also contributed to defining and clarifying the different aspects of the issue.
However, everyone knows that if terrorists have access to weapons of mass destruction, they can cause much harm.
We are convinced that we have just started.
We now conclude our consideration of agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
Chile supports the efforts of the Secretary-General to modernize the human rights treaty system, in particular with regard to reporting requirements, which have placed a growing burden on States.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the feasibility of consolidating accounts for various peacekeeping operations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“Security-related political — military issues”
The composition of subsidiary bodies should take into account equitable geographical distribution and the main legal systems type.
In the first stage of its work, the Committee focused on ensuring that all States enact legislation covering all aspects of resolution 1373 (2001), that they had taken steps to become parties to the 12 international conventions and protocols against terrorism, and that they had established effective mechanisms to combat the financing of terrorism.
Assignment of environmentally sound technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(a) Seven relevant chapters of the report of the Economic and Social Council for 2003;
The monitoring mechanism of the initiative includes the steering group of target countries, donors and lead agencies.
Fifty-eighth session
Taking into account other relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, including resolutions 54/225 of 22 December 1999 and 55/203 of 20 December 2000,
The protection of public health and the strengthening of health services in countries play an increasingly important role in achieving sustainable development and poverty eradication, first and foremost as a factor in the promotion and implementation of these goals, and second as indicators of social and economic sustainability.
To make progress, we need a frank dialogue and a concrete proposal.
Mr. Tavoora (Fiji): On behalf of the following speakers, I should like to join the members of the Pacific Islands Forum of Australia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, Micronesia, Nauru, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu and my country, Fiji.
Individual committees could also play an important role in discussions from the bottom and from the bottom-up.
It is said that a proposal submitted by her to the Congress's fund-raising Sub-Committee and the Senate Finance Committee during the first session of the Conference will revise article 956 of the domestic tax code, and it is important that the Federal Government decide to eliminate article 936 of the tax laws established by most tax exemptions.
CEB members generally agreed with the findings and conclusions of the report and considered the recommendations of the report to be acceptable in principle.
In order to gain a better understanding of the barriers to access data from the global data centre to the atmosphere and hydrology network, the SBSTA invited the GCOS secretariat, in consultation with the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), to prepare an analytical report on specific issues and ways to address them, to be submitted to the SBSTA at its twentieth session.
In particular, China is interested in purchasing crude oil from Kazakhstan, and in 1998 an agreement was signed with the country to involve a Chinese company in the development of petroleum resources in Western Kazakhstan.
Article 10 of the Constitution provides that the status of international treaties is higher than the domestic law of the Czech Republic.
Act No. 106/1999 Coll. on Free Access to Information sets out conditions relating to the right to free access to information and establishes basic requirements for information.
Resolution S-10/2.
The recent report of WFP/FAO states that the reconstruction works have increased by 12 per cent in 2003 and partly offset by a sharp decline in maize resulting from last year's drought.
Under the Ministry of Health of Timor-Leste's integrated child diseases management programme for health strategies for children aged one to five years.
The visit of the President of Timor-Leste to UNESCO headquarters in Paris and the visit of the Director General of UNESCO to Timor-Leste have enhanced cooperation in all areas of education and science.
Legislation based on the policy document will be introduced to the Council of Ministers in 2003.
The United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, United Nations agencies, funds and programmes have provided technical assistance to strengthen the capacity of national police and public administration, with full respect for democratic governance and human rights.
The decision resumed the use of the language used in the Secretariat's proposal (formerly paragraph (4) (b), A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.119, para. 74 and reproduced in A/CN.9/508, para.
Fifty-seventh session
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also believed that the Chairman of the Group of 77 and China had not attended the meeting as an important signal, and he urged all Member States that opposed the process to reconsider their position.
Italy
The increase in the use of procurement cards' experience and the use of the PayerNet software has resulted in an increase in the amount of $2,500 to all holders.
The Controller is responsible for the implementation of the recommendation.
The Director of the Division for Treaty Affairs will implement this recommendation.
Russia believes that measures should be taken as soon as possible to restore stability in Iraq.
The development of a sustainable, non-pollution of energy is a key factor for achieving the goals set at the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
The distance cooperation and communication between students and teachers and other schools has also begun.
World Tourism Organization
Level 7 retains the executive management of ODS.
Proposed programme budget outline for the biennium 2004-2005 as reflected in the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its forty-third session 3
So far, only one country (Botswana) has been removed from the list.
Programme-related international organizations often consider statistics as a tool for the development, implementation or evaluation of health policies.
In order to implement the Plan of Action set out in June this year, the European Union has decided to focus its efforts on implementing a number of measures.
The EU and its member States are actively working in the Conference on Disarmament to seek consensus on a non-discriminatory, multilateral and internationally approved treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices on the basis of the report of the Special Coordinator and the mandate contained therein.
Jordan's position towards achieving the above objectives could be summarized as follows: encouraging the elimination of the nuclear threat in the Middle East, firmly safeguarding the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, proposing practical measures to reduce tensions and build confidence in all forms of the arms race in the Middle East, under the auspices of the United Nations, to accede to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, to strengthen cooperation and confidence-building measures between States and States of the Middle East region and the world' States in the Treaty or States.
My delegation recognizes this tragic situation and, in this context, reiterates the appeal made by President Olusegun Bahan Sankoh to call on the international community to work to conclude legally binding international instruments during the general debate of the General Assembly two weeks ago to provide arms control to non-State actors.
Other aspects of corruption discussed included the protection of “reporting” and victims, damages, extradition, mutual legal assistance and bank secrecy.
Deeply concerned about acts and manifestations of violence and discrimination resulting from the religious intolerance of many women,
Such analyses must be conducted directly by the relevant institutions and programmes.
As a result of the discovery of specific weaknesses in the publication programme, the Division should update existing publications or prepare the necessary new publications.
Such an approach could not be regarded as a reform, but could only be regarded as the removal of the mandates and objectives of the Commission and the marginalization of the overall role of the United Nations in disarmament and the promotion of international peace and security.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate the other members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should provide appropriate administrative support to the Centre as necessary.
(a) Legal representatives of matters relating to the CST should be held and should be responsible for the administration of the Centre and its functioning;
Uruguay had made a commitment to contribute to the restoration and maintenance of peace in the conflict area and had participated in a number of meetings to that end since 1952.
Like many of us on our continent, Ethiopia is suffering for the long term due to conflict and war and its consequences, and in this regard it may be more than others.
It was reported that the project against abduction of children was another important activity carried out by UNICEF in the Sudan in conjunction with the Committee for the Elimination of Abduction of Women and Children, the Ministry of Justice and the Office of the President.
The Committee takes note of section 3, Political affairs, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and emphasizes that programme managers must comply with regulations 5.6 and rule 105.6 of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.
If we do so, how can we promote the Organization's reform goals, let alone the promotion of peace in the Middle East?
In addition, the National Policy on Women, adopted in July 2000, provides for positive action to increase the representation of women in legislative and executive bodies and political parties at all levels to 30 per cent.
Source: 2001 status assessment and analysis.
14.5 Use of women and family planning in rural areas
In June 2003, in a statement to the press, the President of the Council reiterated his support for the road map and the efforts of the Quartet.
The aforementioned resolution affirms the need to end the Israeli occupation of Arab territories and to empower the Palestinian people so that they can exercise their right to self-determination and establish an independent State on their own lands.”
Abbreviations
As I found in my previous report, there is still no change in the pattern that aircraft often go to the offshore sea and then entered into Lebanese airspace in the north of the UNIFIL area of war, thereby escaping the direct observation and verification of UNIFIL.
During the intersessional period, the Working Group also held informal consultations.
The implementation of the capital master plan for the refurbishment of premises should make it easier for access to buildings.
The report also addressed trends in the range and methods of use of contraceptives for married women and cohabiting women in all regions.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 24 (E/2002/84).
While the international community has already had a strong commitment to guarantee the survival of humankind, the representative of Morocco also notes with regret that more than 1 billion people are suffering from poverty and hunger, and that climate change has contributed to stability in many countries and that millions of children continue to die as a result of the lack of drinking water and sanitation problems, and that the gap between the rich and the poor continues to persist.
Other matters
Recalling the determination of Heads of State and Government at the Millennium Summit of the United Nations to take measures, inter alia, to ensure respect for and protection of the human rights of migrants, migrant workers and their families, to eliminate the increasing acts of racism and xenophobia in many societies and to promote harmony and tolerance among all people in all societies,
This trend confirms the downward trend in opium poppy cultivation in the Lao People's Democratic Republic since 1999.
Any corrections to the record of the meetings of this Committee will be issued shortly after the end of the session.
In accordance with the provisions of Economic and Social Council resolution 1894 (LVII), the draft provisional agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission is prepared in accordance with existing legislative mandates.
The debate showed that, while progress had been made in the implementation of the Convention, there remained scope for addressing major issues in the region.
The growing concern for controlling soil salt and reducing the pollution of nitrate of groundwater is growing.
Through the commemoration of the World Day, countries could be re-established to support the Convention and to promote the sharing of experience and knowledge.
The travel shall not be subject to a payment of 40 per cent of the allowance if the journey is less than ten hours or more than ten hours.
Repatriation grant
The work of this regional intergovernmental organization involves broad issues, covering economic, financial, trade, transport, energy, environment and development cooperation.
Against:
Such a declaration calls upon States to take concrete action at the national, regional and international levels, including concrete measures to apply the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Mr. Percaya (Indonesia) proposed the dispatch of a delegation to Mr. Arafat to assist Mr. Arafat in Ramallah to demonstrate the Committee's support for the Palestinian people and its inalienable rights.
Decides to extend the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for a period of six months until 30 June 2004;
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures, including the improvement of the electoral law, to increase the number of women in elected and appointed institutions, in particular through the implementation of temporary special measures, in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, to achieve the rights of women to participate in public life in all fields, in particular in the high-level decision-making process.
The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts to encourage women and girls to take multiple educational choices, including through counselling, to help them fully develop their individual potential.
Concluding observations of the Committee
The Committee is concerned that recent changes in British Columbia have had a disproportionately negative impact on women, in particular indigenous women.
The Committee is also concerned that the “Indigenous peoples' governance law” currently under discussion does not address discriminatory provisions that remain in other laws, including the right to matrimonial property, identity and family affiliation, which are incompatible with the Convention.
Stresses the importance of further strengthening coordination and cooperation among relevant United Nations organizations at the environmental level of sustainable development, and welcomes in this regard the participation of the United Nations Environment Programme in the United Nations Development Group;
UNICEF is the co-chair of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Sport for Development and Peace.
With the support of UNESCO, the Pakistan Public Information Fund has set up two awards, one of the “best stories” awarded to female journalists, and the other is the “gender-awareness” awarded to male or female journalists.
Research will be conducted in the media and in the areas of peace, with special attention to Latin America and the African region.
In December 2001, international non-governmental organizations maintaining formal relations with UNESCO met to adopt a plan of action entitled “International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World”, in December 2002, in collaboration with the UNESCO cultural unit for peace coordination, a project entitled “The heritage and a culture of peace” in the context of the implementation of the plan of action to promote dialogue, reconciliation and reconciliation in local heritage, giving greater attention to the concept of a culture of peace.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended in paragraph 15 of the report of the Second Committee (A/58/494) (resolution 58/230).
The chart also describes the basic features of all stages of the value chain.
The Chief of Finance participated in the Conference of Non-Governmental Organizations and the Annual Conference of the Bank of Asia and the Bank of Asia and the Pacific, organized by the NGO Forum and the Bank, respectively, from 3 to 8 May 2000.
In addition, the Government is considering the possibility of adopting a model for the successful transformation of prostitutes by civil society, particularly taking into account their vulnerability to AIDS, and assisting victims of domestic violence.
In her view, care should not be regarded as the sole attributes of women, and in fact should be a joint responsibility of men and women within the family and society at large.
Eliminating all nuclear and biological weapons in the world is the long-term goal of the United Nations.
The increased commitment to provide troops is not the only challenge facing the United Nations.
In many cases, the United Nations assists in post-conflict peace-building without any military deployment.
China and India are essentially on track and, therefore, the world's potential to mark the year 2015.
Within the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights have intensified their assistance to requesting countries to promote good governance and strengthen their national human rights protection systems.
General Assembly
Its objective is to destroy the voice of people by means of violence, and to undermine freedom of expression, which is the basis of civilization.
It uses the weaknesses and gaps in the judicial order of our social organizations and international relations.
Mexico will continue to cooperate in this global effort, convinced that international law should not be regarded as an obstacle in the fight against terrorism, but as a valuable instrument.
* For the initial report of the Government of the United Kingdom, see CEDAW/C/5/Add.52, which had been considered at the ninth session of the Committee; see CEDAW/C/UK/2, which had been considered at the twelfth session of the Committee; see CEDAW/C/UK/3 and Add.1 and 2, which had been considered at the twenty-first session of the Committee; see CEDAW/C/K/4 and Add.1 and Add.1.
The law also provides that the Committee on Learning and Skills should take into account in its functions the need to promote equal opportunities between different ethnic groups, men and women, and persons with disabilities.
The Government's other measures to promote the role of women in the fields of science and technology are: “The review of the Lord Greenfield”, a strategic review aimed at identifying priority areas for more focused action to improve the recruitment and retention of women in the fields of science and technology and highlighting the achievements and contributions of women in the fields of science and technology.
Two General Assembly members of the Northern Ireland Women's Union of Northern Ireland have a Deputy President of the General Assembly, two of whom are women before the suspension of 14 October 2002.
See table 10.3-10.5 of annex 2 (art. 10, paras.
Specifically, the Government has proposed a plan of action to address the incidence of rape and the low rate of conviction.
This document, taking into account the observations made in 1998 on the plan of action for consultation, provides a comprehensive picture of violence against women and how to stop such violence.
In the case of an effective international and local contract, the authorities may recommend to the United Nations to terminate these contracts, subject to the terms and conditions that are not acceptable to the United Nations or to the extent that the reopening of such contracts would be cost-effective.
The tripartite process as set out in resolution 1483 (2003).
We believe that the dates of 21 November should be observed in accordance with resolution 1483 (2003).
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and subsidiary organs
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
The Secretary-General's initiative to reform and strengthen the Organization is a matter of common concern and determination for all Member States of the United Nations.
That is addressing the special needs of Africa.
It is clear that, for the current time, consensus within the United Nations is the tendency to increase only the number of non-permanent members elected, and we will support this.
Mr. Stephen (Australia) and Mr. Tanin (Indonesia) were elected Vice-Chairman by acclamation.
We believe that the Additional Protocol is a very important additional instrument for further strengthening the IAEA safeguards system.
In the overall development of these systems, the Court needs considerable flexibility.
The first part of this budget has already stated that the Court needs more than one Pre-Trial Chamber, the Appeals Chamber, and may also include the Trial Chamber to deal with the work to be created by the Office of the Prosecutor.
• To propose specific factual assumptions on the responsibility of individual suspects, with a focus on the leadership level
Performance indicators
• Effective support for the Prosecution Division and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section
The Office plans to increase the second survey team in June 2004 and to increase its third in October 2004.
The importance of tracing and recording assets and monitoring their use from the outset cannot be underestimated.
This operational needs assistance to ensure that field office staff regularly enter the Court network.
By maintaining daily liaison and consultations with the Office of the United Nations Security Coordinator, the Director of the United Nations Office at large and other international organizations, the Chief of the Security Service also represents the security interests of the Court on an international occasion.
The objective of the subprogramme is to continue to maintain the international level of the International Criminal Court with a view to using different methods, in the light of an active communication strategy, to provide the target audience and the public with a detailed interpretation of the principles, objectives and actions of the organization; to create a favourable working environment with a high level of knowledge; to establish an efficient public professional library and to provide documentation services to support the activities of the Court through information technology and internal networks.
(viii) To draw the attention of the receiving services to any matter that the Secretariat considers it necessary to consider them;
The Committee considers that the proposed contingency reserve is not an appropriate means for providing resources to the Secretariat.
Trust Fund for Victims
Several issues have not yet been discussed.
I am also pleased to inform you that my Government has accepted the Agreement on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations and has authorized me to sign the Agreement within this week.
Discussion by the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Extrabudgetary
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget)
9.85 The assumption that the subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected results is that, as a matter of priority, Governments and international organizations implement the outcomes of Agenda 21, the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States and the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Summary of follow-up actions by internal and external oversight bodies and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
(d) Convention on the Marking of Plastic Explosives for the Purpose of Detection;
Reaffirming the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits and their respective follow-up reviews,
I would like today to touch on this issue.
We call for the repeal of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, adopted by the International Trade Organization.
The Secretary-General has submitted recommendations thereon (A/58/556), and the Advisory Committee will report separately.
Agenda item 151
Stresses the importance of further strengthening the activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to promote and implement the right to development, including ensuring the financial and human resources necessary for the effective use of its mandate and better servicing and support to the Working Group on the Right to Development;
External factors
The members of the original sponsors explained the background and objectives.
The law severely punishes sexual abuse of children.
However, some girls have completed their studies.
In addition, other actions have been taken by the Government and civil society:
- Changing the mentality, which continues to be based on the old ideas of social culture that have slowed the pace of women's progress.
As some delegations pointed out, the reimbursement of troop costs for 2002 was significantly higher than the reimbursement for contingent-owned equipment, since troop-contributing countries could rapidly calculate the number of troops assigned to them, while contingent-owned equipment costs required more specific information to be reimbursed.
Some of the Advisory Committee's recommendations were considered to be directly addressed by the Fifth Committee and representatives of troop-contributing countries.
Accordingly, the Republic of Croatia has formally assumed the obligation to bring together the entire legislation in line with the provisions of the European Union, which makes it necessary to adjust the overall law on gender equality in accordance with the standards set out in the legislation of the European Union.
The amendments to the Criminal Code of the Republic of Croatia on trafficking in persons adopted in 2000 and 2003 are detailed in article 6 of the present report.
Source: Central Bureau of Statistics
However, if we consider other resources (local and humanitarian) the number of beneficiaries is increased, according to a 1998 estimate of 3505,000 (Jurcevic, 1999 and 2000).
* The Ministry of Reproductive Health Service at Zagreb, which continued its activities until the end of 2003, was the Youth Education for Reproductive Health and Health in the form of courses, workshops, lectures and seminars for young people in primary and secondary schools.
His delegation firmly rejected the inclusion of the item in the agenda of the Conference, as it violated the principles of territorial integrity enshrined in the Charter.
It was stated that the distinction made by the goods from their original means of transport might be somewhat outdated.
One alternative proposal was that such protection should be expanded to all parties involved in the operation of the sea, including independent subcontractors.
One Security Council member noted that the Council should take a decision on the future of the mandate of the Coordinator following the submission of the report of the Secretary-General in December 2003.
The four reports (S/2000/575, S/2001/582, S/2002/664, S/2003/614) addressed Iraq's return to all Kuwaiti property.
It urged Iraq to repatriate the remaining missing persons to Kuwait or to find their remains and return to their families.
The Coordinator hoped that efforts to identify the fate of the Falun Gong aircraft would continue.
Masfir Mehana Mosfir Al Shafia Al Hayari
The Chairman noted that he took it that the Committee recommended that the item be allocated to plenary meetings of the General Assembly.
Finally, we wish the CTC's success in strengthening the further work of the national coalition against terrorism.
The means of promoting the global market itself — the improvement of communication, the use of the media, better traffic connectivity and faster international travel patterns — have contributed to the development of a global terrorist network — a common message of hatred that seeks to achieve the common goals of the destruction and wanton destruction of morality and thereby control civilized societies, in particular in a pluralistic democratic society.
“Terrorism is a symptoms of social diseases.
In many cases, the upgrading of posts has been delayed in the past because of budgetary constraints; it is not possible to continue to be postponed, and UNDP has a considerable impact on these functions.
The United Nations Development Group will prepare an implementation plan by September 2003 to enhance the effectiveness of the United Nations system in developing countries, a component of the Secretary-General's reform.
The Division has also introduced organizational reform at the level of the Division, and in the Division of Monitoring and Research (formerly known as the City Secretariat), the Statistics and Toolkit has been merged into a section using the name of the latter.
Monitoring functions have been expanded and include monitoring urban inequalities programmes, in addition to existing urban indicators and GIS.
The themes of development capacity will include analysis methods and communication, advocacy, networking and team-building skills.
A new feature may be introduced in 2007 in PeopleSoft.
What challenges are faced:
Since national commissions usually use contributions from other resources as a basis for fund-raising of regular resources, this would make it possible to increase the fund-raising capacity for regular and other resources.
In view of the limited resources of the Foundation, non-designated project activities are generally limited to activities that contribute to the preparatory work, have multiplier effects and may have a significant role to play in the overall development of human settlements.
The Mexico Overseas Community Programme of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs coordinates programmes, based on collaboration with the Ministries of Education and Education and the corresponding departments of the United States, including immigration education programmes for children, youth and adults in Mexico.
The Philippine Government's measures in this regard have proved to be unable to effectively protect the rights and dignity of migrant workers and to prevent them from being subjected to illegal practices related to highly profitable sex industries.
In Latin America, as a result of the same trends in the number of female migrant workers, UNIFEM is supporting the development of basic knowledge on the causes and consequences of women in the current migration process, so that information is based on decision-making.
The management and documentation of the conferences constitute “the central and fundamental aspects of the daily functioning of the world's most inclusive multilateral institutions” (see A/57/387, para.
The Department of Conference, in consultation with the department for the preparation of documents, has endeavoured to find a consolidated report and, on this basis, has prepared a pre-session documentation for the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
Integrating a gender perspective
The above table lists RFMOs with regulatory powers for the functions set out in Article 10 of the Agreement, while there are no more limited powers to RFMOs that often provide advice on scientific matters, while these two types of RFMOs can be parallel and mutually reinforcing: the International Maritime Research Council (IOC) provides advice to the North-East North-East Atlantic Fisheries Agency, while the Forum may provide advice to the North-East Asian Fisheries Authority for example.
Impact of the entry into force of the Agreement on relevant or proposed international instruments
See, for example, decision II-10 of the Meeting of States Parties ( Jakarta Mandate), IV-5 and V-2.
The Staff Regulations of the International Criminal Court and the resolution establishing the Permanent Secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties to the International Criminal Court.
Groundwater linked to surface water may fall within the scope of the Law on the Use of International Watercourses.
Stressing once again the importance of effective drug control legislation and national policies, in accordance with the international drug control system, for reducing drug trafficking and illicit use of drugs and related consequences,
Iraq states that Facet did not deliver the goods in a timely manner, since “the bulk of the materials had been sent and ordered until 4 July 1990” and “the letter of credit was opened on 20 December 1989 and the delivery should be completed within three months”.
AOCevron seeks compensation in the amount of USD 857,217 for “family temporary subsistence allowance”, which covers compensation for employees who have been paid to the work of Saudi Arabia during the period covered by the claim in North America to compensate them for the costs they need to maintain their homes in two places.
Chevron Research and KNPC had concluded agreements to provide catalysts for each facility prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait; KPC continued to address the needs of its catalyst following its signature in 1975 with Chevron Research, which had been deployed to Chevron Research for the purchase of each device, which had been made available to Chevron, and the Bronts technology to be used to be used by the Chron.
In the light of the above, the Panel recommends compensation in the amount of USD 75,287.
Chevron U.S.A. states that, prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, it paid a ship and mechanical premium of $2,762,640 per year, calculated at a rate of 0.00 per cent of the portion of the portion of the ship's insurance value (Chevron U.S.A.).
This case involves the International Organization of Philosophy (Benvolrence International Foundation), an international charity fund, which is based on the organization on the Committee's list in Bogotá.
The present document is submitted pursuant to the above-mentioned requests.
At the same time, India reaffirms its commitment to global nuclear disarmament and its commitment to the following policies: the first use or use of nuclear weapons against non-nuclear-weapon States or countries not associated with nuclear-weapon States.
On the same occasion, India announced the establishment of its nuclear command body, including a political council, as the sole organ for approving the use of nuclear weapons.
Since assuming the High Commissioner, I have emphasized this in particular in the project profile.
Indeed, there are examples in many countries that do not exist as fast as poor countries are poorer countries than rich countries, or “consolidarity” to rich countries or that they are “stressing gaps” in per capita income.
The Court must, in its discretion, examine whether the law applicable is in conformity with the fundamental rights protected under the Basic Law.
(b) Reduction of the time needed for the rapid deployment and establishment of peacekeeping operations in accordance with the Security Council's mandated plans;
A consultant was requested to provide specialized expertise to the Monitoring, Evaluation and Consulting Division in the design of inspection exercises to facilitate effective oversight of military aspects of peacekeeping.
Some Parties further elaborated on this issue and noted that the quality of information provided by the media on climate change was “as generally” (France), “the media did not specify the relationship between international negotiations and domestic commitments” (Sweden), or that “the media did not play a role in the dissemination of ideas” (Italy).
Sweden stressed the importance of people's awareness and understanding of these issues and the need to know what needs to be done and what they can play in this process.
The media participated.
The proposed mitigation measures are grouped into short-term (3 years), medium-term (10 years) and long-term (20 years).
Strengthening institutions and training programmes funded by donors must be an initial activity in this component.
Untreated wastewater into vulnerable wetlands may lead to changes in ecosystem functions and loss of species.
(f) The Government of Egypt reported that human rights education was included in school curricula and/or school activities.
The almost unanimous view of the latter is that there are no individual rights without corresponding social obligations or responsibilities, not only if they can be defined in an appropriate manner at the international and national levels, then some of them have a diverse and important advantage in the form they can have.
H.E. Major General Ali Hammoud, Minister of the Interior (16 September);
The Convention applies to all other United Nations operations, such as the United Nations political missions, the post-conflict peace-building office, or humanitarian missions, provided that the Security Council or the General Assembly “ declare the risk” (art. 1 (c)).
Other documents
We share the same anger about the continuation of settlement activities on Palestinian lands, in particular the illegal construction of the wall by Israel in the occupied West Bank and in the Middle East.
With regard to the situation in the occupied Palestinian territory, including East Jerusalem, we would like to reiterate our grave concern at the continuing violence and the excessive use of force, which have resulted in huge loss of life, material damage and unprecedented destruction.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Risk assessment.
Therefore, the Syrian banking system cannot have suspicious transactions.
Some of the chiefs did not believe: “You did not have been replaced — you did not have anything??” — “I have one” — “What?
One of his expertise is the use of toxic agents.
The scope of activities of Zakawe is not limited to this small corner in the north-eastern part of Iraq.
We believe that this development is a very important contribution, and it is essential that the Security Council be able to take important decisions to take decisions that the world looks forward with greater sense of responsibility and purpose.
I give the floor to the representative of Iraq.
Economic exploitation also implies that the employment of children is harmful to their health and development, preventing them from attending school or fulfilling their responsibilities in relation to schools, or in conformity with the following human rights standards: Convention No. 138 on the Minimum Age and Recommendation 146 on the Worst Forms of Child Labour and No. 190 and Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Transnational corporations and other business enterprises should pay workers to ensure that their families and their families have an adequate standard of living.
Spain Antonio Nuñez García-Saúco, Francisco de Miguel Álvarez, Romío Pérez-Puig González, David Melgar García, Portugalo Pérez Gago, José María de las Cuevas Carrefoute Franzona, Francisco Iñón Veénez, Francisco Iñón Veéneziñón González, Francisco Iñón Veilles, Francisco Izona, Iñón Vágñénez de Janeiro, Francisco Iñón Iñázñénez, Francisco Iñínez, Francisco Iñínez, Francisco Iñázñénez, Francisco Iñínez, Francisco Izñénezñéneziñénezñéneziñágñínez, Francisco Iñón Veñénez Vágénez de Francisco Izínez, José Maria Iñágénez, José María Rosínez, José María Iñénez, José Luis Francisco Izñídicañídicañídicañídicañídicañídicañídicañénez Vágínez Vágé
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia Miodrag Laborović, Alejandro Tavareski
The Chairperson of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights, Ambassador Najat Najjaji, introduced an apology to the representatives of the African Group for the enlargement of the Bureau and the coordinator of regional groups such as Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean, Western European and other States.
Inter-sessional meetings
They recommended that each treaty body take measures to improve the correctness of press releases.
President: History
The Computerization Division, composed of one Professional and three General Service staff, is responsible for the effective application and continued development of information technology in court.
Mexico therefore calls upon the Court to adjudge and declare:
Currently, documents attached to the pleadings and correspondence instruments are issued on an exceptional basis only if they are necessary to understand the Court's decisions.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 402, No. 57.78
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Once funds enter the banking system, it is likely that even if funds are deposited into the bank for the purpose of being transferred abroad after the receipt of the promissory notes, funds are diverted to illegal purposes such as the financing of terrorism.
With regard to the general criteria, his delegation supported the further consideration of the proposed simplification of the job classification system and looked forward to the Committee's detailed report to the General Assembly on the outcome of the effectiveness evaluation, which had been decided by the General Assembly at its fifty-sixth session.
This partnership calls for mutual accountability: political and economic reform in developing countries, while developed countries provide support, in particular through aid, trade and debt relief.
All twenty-sixth claimants were employed in Kuwait prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The verification and valuation of the claim for uncollectible receivables in the twenty-sixth instalment claims, as described in paragraphs 211 to 215 of the First “E4” Report.
Report of the Secretary-General
Considering the need for a coordinated approach to extreme weather events and associated natural disasters and disaster reduction,
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a statement of the joint World Conference on Peace and Non-Violence, held in New Delhi on 26 April 2003 by the Indian Cultural Association and the Gandhi Memorial (see annex).
Appointment of the members of the Credentials Committee.
Taking into account the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993, and urges all States to ensure the protection of the human rights of all migrant workers and their families,
The people of Estonia and I personally join all the representatives present in expressing deep condolences to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Sergio Vieira de Mello, and others, who have been brutally murdered.
Estonia has joined all 12 United Nations counter-terrorism conventions and is actively working with many States and international organizations.
Articles 110, 111 and 140 of the Criminal Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina provide for the confiscation of proceeds of criminal activity, including the basis and manner of confiscation, and protection of items destroyed.
In addition to the Organization of the United Nations and the International Organization of Government Organizations, ICI has also cooperated with many international non-governmental organizations, in particular the International Association of Air Transport (IATA) and the International Federation of Civil Aviation Operators (IFALPA), the World Customs Organization (IFATCA), the International Coordinating Council of IAF (ICCAI), the International Federation of Operators and Driver (IFIA), the International Federation of Shipping (IFA).
English and French are the language of its work, but some forums, including the Conference, also use other languages such as Spanish.
The first lender was the pre-insolvency lender or the seller of the goods who had continued to have a relationship with the debtor and its operations, and the possibility of a new paragraph or a trade credit to raise the possibility of withdrawing its existing claims might be added to the interest rate of new loans.
There are some laws that adopt a default rule, which is intended to result in the fact that the insolvency representative has not acted within the prescribed time, such as the rejection or non-implementation of the contract.
The insolvency representative may be an individual, or in some jurisdictions, a company or other separate legal entity.
(xx) Any other matter that may be entrusted by creditors to the insolvency representative or to the court.
As noted above (chap. III, A and B), insolvency law may wish to impose confidentiality obligations on debtors and insolvency representatives.
(a) Providing advice and assistance to the insolvency representative or to the debtor presiding;
(d) In the case of appropriate safeguards, possible prevention of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Acts Committed in other laws may be suspended.
The failure of creditors to submit claims prior to the final report and accounting, depending on other provisions of the insolvency law, may draw different results.
If the claims raised in the proceedings are the subject of consideration outside insolvency proceedings, such claims are usually subject to the nature of the claim and to a category of claims that could be admitted on an interim basis prior to the dispute settlement (subject to the application of the stay, see chapter II, B.3 (a) and8).
insolvency proceedings often require assistance from some professionals, such as the insolvency representative and the debtor consultant or insolvency representative.
Priority claims
Many insolvency laws generally require that the insolvency representative should convene a creditor meeting and present the accounts after asset change and allocation.
The threat of a heinous attack has also become a normal aspect of Israel's daily lives.
We have yet to see Israel taking any practical steps to that end.
As a member of the Conference on Disarmament from East Asia, I share the views of other members of the Conference that we all pledge to address East Asia through dialogue and peaceful means.
Calls upon all States to recognize, in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Intolerance and of Discrimination Based on Religion or Belief, the right of everyone to worship or assembly and to establish and maintain places for such purposes;
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur receives the necessary resources to enable him to fulfil his mandate fully;
The revised includes the overall orientation of programme 7 and the narrative section of subprogramme 4, Sustainable development, and the addition of a new subprogramme 10, entitled “Financing for development”.
In its resolution on children's rights, the General Assembly continued to stress the need to mainstream a gender perspective into all policies and programmes relating to children (resolution 57/190).
At the request of the President, two copies of their statements were distributed informally to Council members.
The Secretary-General believes that these credentials are in conformity.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
The North-South Development Initiative presented to the United Nations Development Programme in 1999 the first phase — Namibia, Panama, Venezuela, Mozambique, Ecuador, Argentina, Peru and Botswana.
In the bilateral dispute settlement, the arbitrary invocation of exceptions would undermine the effective use of the local remedies rule.
His delegation supported the principle established by the International Court of Justice in the Barcelona Traction judgement as the main principle of diplomatic protection of the company.
Thirdly, after the orderly classification of State practice, it should be possible to determine the grounds for unilateral action or behaviour by the State; States expressly or implicitly undertake effective standards, in particular but not limited to those relating to the competence of the organ responsible for action or conduct; and the circumstances and conditions of unilateral commitments could be revised or withdrawn.
It also works closely with the United Nations through the Association/United Nations Disarmament Education, Conflict Resolution and Peace Commission.
Currently, a project is being implemented with the support of Ford Foundation to strengthen the role of civil society in expanding innovative means of reproductive health.
A growing number of new Rotarys have been established around the world and the fastest growing region is Brazil, Canada, Egypt, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Korea, Latvia, Mexico, the Netherlands, Nigeria, the Philippines, Romania, Russia, Switzerland, Taiwan, China, Turkey and the United States.
Mexico's approach to Guatemalan refugees could be an example of a durable solution to the refugee problem.
For the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, Mr. José Antonio Ocampo, Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, will hold an opening exhibit on family issues, on Thursday, 4 December 2003, at 2.30 p.m. near the Vienna café of the General Assembly Building.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Alfonso Portillo Cabrera, President of the Republic of Guatemala
Framework Convention on Tobacco Control, Geneva, 21 May 2003
On this issue, I would like to highlight the very important role of IAEA in providing technical assistance to Member States, and to note the significant progress made in improving the effectiveness of technical cooperation programmes.
The action plan generated by the Conference will help to build further confidence and ensure that good security records in this regard continue.
With regard to the implementation of the action plan against nuclear terrorism proposed by the Director-General, Mexico supports measures to improve physical security of all nuclear materials.
However, the IAEA staff work on these and many others on a daily basis in order to make our world better and safer.
The natural person has no place of business, subject to its habitual residence.
(c) Any alteration of an electronic signature after signature may be subject to detection; and
The Working Group may wish to note that, in the development of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, it was considered that such a definition was not part of the text of the instrument, and that it was the Guide to Enactment of the Instrument.
“15. The evaluation shall be conducted in two phases.
8.6.5 The provisions of 6.3.3 shall be met in the event of the need to use the dormitory to maintain dangerous goods.
“3. States should examine their infrastructures and determine their interdependence in order to enhance the protection of such facilities.
Reaffirming the need to strengthen the scientific and technical activities of the organizations of the United Nations system and the role of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development in providing policy guidance on issues related to developing countries, in particular,
From Wednesday, 3 December 2003 to the end of December 2003, the President of the Security Council will conduct an informal briefing daily on the work of the Council for States Members of the United Nations that are not members of the Council, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/512)
A/C.2/58/L.49 Item 95 -- Implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development -- Draft resolution submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.8, “Water for Life”, International Decade of Action for the Decade 2001-2010 [A C E F R S]
Paragraph 134 indicates that providing young girls with the space they need to achieve self-determination.
The proposed open-ended working group on commodities could be held on the basis of available conference services resources, as a result of the cancellation of the meeting scheduled for 27 October by a Main Committee of the General Assembly.
In this regard, we note in particular that the human rights development report of 2003 clearly states that, if the situation cannot be rapidly improved, sub-Saharan Africa will have to achieve the goal of universal primary education by two/129, to reduce extreme poverty by two thirds of the year 2025.
The gravity of the situation in Africa poses a real danger to international peace and security.
This is Eritrea's understanding of Africa's recovery.
Developing country producers must overcome a number of obstacles to use these progressive markets.
We also hope that the Helsinki Committee will facilitate the Committee's work.
This reprehensible murder resulted in the death of three Israeli citizens and approximately forty-seven wounded.
“With regard to the competence of time, the complainant finds that he has been placed in a continuing situation, which is undoubtedly due to the fact that until the entry into force of the Convention for Belgium (14 June 1955), it continues until the date of entry into force, since the relevant deprivation is `life'.”
In particular, the Human Rights Committee and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights have frequently found violations of a clause, and subsequent recommendations have been made to adopt a package of measures that could be disaggregated by the above.
In this regard, the Human Rights Committee considers that the State party's obligation to do so in accordance with the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights is still under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights on the grounds that the conduct of the complaint is not carried out by the State party's Chamber of Commerce and Insurance Committee, which is unable to influence it.
The issue before the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination was the existence of discrimination in the loan market and the use of humiliating language by individuals, 203 and access to public premises or public services.
25 Human Rights Committee communication No. 1772/1984, Broks v. Netherlands, Views of 9 April 1987, A/42/40, annex VIII, sect. B, para.
See, for example, communication No. 505/1992 of the Human Rights Committee; Ackla v. Togo, 25 March 1996, A/51/40, vol. II, annex VIII, sect. 12; communication No. 747/1997; Des Fourderode and Kalmaer v. Czech Republic, Views of 30 November 2001, vol. II, annex IX, para.
Report of the Secretariat on the world situation with regard to drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
The selection of vocational school graduates for further training at universities in order to become trainers and to dispatch managers of cooperatives to study abroad.
On 13 May 2003, at the Tribunal's decision, Radio Bomolom was reactivated, the first case of the Tribunal over the years to reverse the administrative decisions.
Commentary
The events of the past year have led the nuclear non-proliferation regime to pressure on multiple fronts and have clearly demonstrated the urgent need to strengthen the system.
It has been agreed to provide $1 million and $500 million of rapid credit under this joint programme, which is expected to demonstrate synergies between capacity-building and lending operations and the United Nations and development financing institutions.
(a) Sustainable urbanization (policy framework):
HSP/GC/19/2/Add.2
The Special Rapporteur, Mr. Stephen McCafari, presented a detailed study on this subject.
(d) Cases of conflict;
Bulgaria also signed a memorandum of understanding with Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, Romania, Poland and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia on the exchange of financial information.
Since then, the island will no longer have a joint central administration, whether legally or in fact, sufficient to represent Cyprus as a whole.
The Greek Cypriot political leadership has repeatedly referred to the principle that such issues should be resolved through a political solution to the island.
Priorities for the transition phase include support for consolidating and stabilizing; restoring basic services and infrastructure; promoting human rights and local capacity-building; supporting refugees and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, Djibouti's GDP grew by about 1 per cent, a positive development that was confirmed in 2001 by a 9 per cent growth and a shift in the direction.
Article 24 of Act No. 770/803 punishes the offence of the intentional financing of terrorism of another type: “For the purpose of fighting, recruitment, accession or support of illegal military organizations, whether in any form, armed or non-armed, uniforms or uniforms”.
The security situation must also maintain stability and facilitate the implementation of the Bonn Agreement.
Current arrangements include the period 2002-2003.
So far, some 300 kilometres have been constructed, leaving Palestinian terrorists unable to cross it to kill civilians at the Israeli population centre.
Germany deplored the recent upsurge in violence between Israelis and Palestinians.
The wall has not been built along the Green Line.
The wall has a trenches, roads and fencing that is parallel to it.
The European Union maintains close links with all concerned and stands ready to help them implement the road map.
The Palestinian leadership must take practical steps to demonstrate its commitment to stop extremists from taking such acts.
“... The addressee cannot reasonably expect the data message to the particular information system.
Proposed new paragraph
However, in legislative and policy areas, it appears that no measures have been taken to mainstream a gender perspective into government policies.
Deeply concerned at the conflict in Liberia and its impact on the humanitarian situation in the country, including the tragic loss of innocent lives and its devastating impact on the stability of the region,
The overall theme of the High-level Dialogue is the Monterrey Consensus — implementation and future mandate.
The imbalance between draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.45 was that it only applied transparency measures to conventional weapons and excluded weapons of mass destruction.
The Monterrey Conference had stressed the importance of reconciling national, regional and international policies and the need to coordinate the activities of organizations and institutions responsible for financing for development, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions.
March 2003
It is currently in the process of assisting the Sierra Leone police in these major areas, in the case of consultants, cross-border inspectors and airport investigators.
The suffering of children will, in particular, make them a nightmare, bed, disablement and sleep.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that paragraphs 19 and 20 should be combined with the discussions on special priorities and insolvency.
governing bodies
Decides further that the Working Group will make recommendations on how best to deal with the review of the implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields, including the format and periodicity of reviews, bearing in mind the need to recognize the positive role of all relevant stakeholders in the implementation of the outcomes of United Nations conferences and summits;
Aware of the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and the relevant internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
Meeting of the Security Council with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The White Paper proposed the extension of British citizenship to citizens of overseas territories, while at the same time requesting the Overseas Territories to amend their local legislation, in particular legislation on human rights and financial services, to meet international standards.
In 2000, the Government spent $500 million on the construction of the road, mostly financed by the Anguilla Bank and the Caribbean Commercial Bank.
In the above-mentioned resolutions, the General Assembly called upon States, specialized agencies and non-governmental organizations to increase special allocations for grants and scholarships for Palestine refugees; invited relevant specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system to continue to provide higher education for Palestinian refugee students within their respective spheres of competence; and requested the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) to act as recipient and trustee of such grants and scholarships for the eligible candidates for Palestine refugees.
Tunisia welcomed the recent report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Charter on assistance to third States affected by sanctions.
The Committee should focus on a more small number of issues and avoid the decentralization of resources to issues of concern to other United Nations bodies, such as the Security Council Working Group on Sanctions and the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
(b) Domestic stability system
The protection of those who leave their homes is often difficult, since mass exoduses are, in general, in situations of crisis and conflict in which national authorities are unable or unwilling to provide the most basic assistance and protection.
States recognize that they have primary responsibility for ensuring the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons.
KSF presented a copy of a book of Santa Fe Drilling Company and a full payment receipts issued by the company.
Mr. Roshdy (Egypt), speaking on behalf of China, Dominica, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, Sudan, Swaziland and the United Arab Emirates, called for a separate decision on paragraphs 3 (b) and 6 (e) of the draft resolution.
He noted that the President did not apply the fact that he had earlier ruled on rule 129 of the rules of procedure and expressed the hope that his delegation's understanding of the rule remained identical to that provided by the Office of Legal Affairs and the interpretation made earlier by the Chair.
KFOR continues to provide assistance to international organizations and non-governmental organizations working throughout Kosovo, upon request, and security assistance to support the police activities of UNMIK.
Along with this, India strongly condemned all acts of terrorism and violence.
Decides that the major group, including non-governmental organizations, shall participate in the meeting in accordance with rule 65 of its provisional rules of procedure;
Calls upon the Department of Public Information of the Secretariat to provide the necessary resources within existing resources to ensure the widest possible dissemination of the goals and objectives of the international conference to Member States, including major groups, including non-governmental organizations, national, regional and international media, including the information network of small island developing States, in order to encourage contributions and support the international conferences and their preparatory processes;
Article 61
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Legal Consultative Organization
The commitments made by Albania, Croatia and Macedonia under the Charter of the troika will bring them closer to meeting the standards of membership.
However, we still need to mobilize the necessary resources and to jointly implement the various declarations that we have adopted in all its aspects — which have been a great desire for the hearts of our peoples who are extremely poor.
Our efforts to re-energize the economy urgently need to be complemented by new FDI, the transfer of official development assistance, technology transfer and the need to deepen cooperation with Member States and global civil society.
We are equally saddened to learn that the members of the Iraq Management Committee, Ms. Agajara Hashimi, died as a result of the recent terrorist attacks.
Recent events have demonstrated that the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime has inherent limitations in dealing with the already established proliferators.
The vision of Jean-Mor and Robert Schman has led to the establishment of the European Free Trade Community, which has subsequently developed into an unprecedented multilateral integration body, which is called the European Union today.
The means of high pressure and the acts to be committed continue to pose a major threat to international peace and security.
“(6) bis
Applicability of choice or choice
Some participants expressed support for the proposal.
The Protocol will enter into force in January 2003.
The database can be accessed through the national statistical web site (www.diie.gov.t).
Rural women
The revised version of the document was submitted to the Security Council on 29 September 2003.
It is also the target, and we are assessing the evidence gathered to date on each suspect.
The President: I now call on Prosecutor Jallow to respond to any comments or questions.
Mr. Mirafzal (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that his Government agreed with the analysis made by the Secretary-General in his report (A/58/345) and his recommendations to strengthen South-South cooperation and raise public awareness of South-South cooperation.
During the reporting period, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly exchanged communications with the Permanent Mission of Iraq to Geneva.
In addition, there are similar institutions in Hong Kong, the occupied Palestinian territories and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
2 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/58/37).
Provisional agenda for the ninth session of the Commission
On 13 September 2003, the Conference submitted the draft text of the revised Cancún Ministerial Declaration (Job(03)/150/Rev.2) on the basis of which WTO member States continued consultations.
Developing countries generally felt that the revised draft did not adequately reflect their interests and concerns.
Major challenges include climate change concerns in risk assessment and modelling.
“1. For those who use force, threaten the use of force or use other hijacked aircraft or vessels, a penalty of 7 to 15 years' imprisonment.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
Summary
Response.
He welcomed the proposed mandate for further work on such measures, as well as the mandate on mines other than anti-personnel mines, and announced that the country had become one of the sponsors of the proposal by Denmark and the United States on such mines.
Form of documentation
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
This is a good start, but it is necessary to fulfil our commitment to the rule of law, which will require considerable resources.
Over the last decade, there has been a significant increase in the number of internal conflicts, with the nature of armed conflicts.
It is hoped that consultations, not just within the United Nations system, but also within the relevant institutions and civil society, will be held as widely as possible in the preparation of reports.
The paragraph also deleted the words “with special attention to emergencies involving these minorities”.
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, following a proposal made by the Chair, the SBSTA adopted the following conclusions:
The Financial Intelligence Unit has signed agreements and memorandums of understanding to exchange information with other government agencies in Colombia, Spain and Panama on the investigation of financial networks.
• List of notes and items by importing companies;
Similarly, in December, the European Commission experts held preliminary discussions with UNMIK and local leaders at the central and municipal levels, starting a process of building consensus on decentralization strategies.
A code of discipline has been implemented and a recruitment policy will soon be approved.
In its report on its forty-sixth session, the Committee endorsed the recommendations of the working group established for the preparation of the report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session to review the progress made in the implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III), and endorsed the new mechanisms and initiatives to be implemented by member States in response to the recommendations of UNISPACE III.
This enables Sweden to obtain all data from Earth observation satellites in all parts of Europe, directly receiving models.
The Group of Latin America and the Caribbean will actively and effectively participate in the work to ensure that the final outcome of the Conference is acceptable to States, whether in its form or content.
During the meetings of the Standing Committee in February and May 2003, two expert seminars on mine clearance were held in Geneva, the International Centre for Humanitarian Demining (GICHD), and the final report of the Standing Committee was prepared on the basis of the results of the two seminars.
6. International testing and evaluation programmes: an international programme that would help all participating countries to cooperate in order to avoid duplication of efforts, dedicated to testing and evaluating various humanitarian demining equipment, systems and tools.
(c) To provide all necessary assistance to enable his Special Envoy to implement this resolution and to explore any possibilities for the full and effective discharge of his mandate during the mediation role;
The participation of developing countries in regional trade arrangements and bilateral trading arrangements does not diminish the important role played by the multilateral system; there will be no alternative if there is a real move towards an open system of non-discrimination.
The search for solutions will take into account the real trade economy of a given country and assess its identity.
International Telecommunication Union
General Category
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling its decision 14/COP.4 on the reappointment of an Ad Hoc Group on Early Warning Systems,
Requests the Secretariat, in cooperation with the Panel of Experts of the CST, to select three to four representative case studies in reports received from Parties and to submit to the CST at its seventh session;
The other Main Committees of the General Assembly are often used.
The Advisory Committee recalls that the General Assembly, in its resolution 56/249 of 27 June 2002, appropriated an amount of $38,991,800 gross ($38,072,000 net) for the maintenance of UNDOF for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, taking into account the increase in local staff salaries from 1 July 2002, as well as the estimated payment of $35,000 for local staff to travel to Damascus and Camp Faouar on a daily basis.
Each year's federal budget has an allocation to protect the safety of stockpiled chemical weapons and to improve such security as an area of international cooperation.
At the same time, the Office of Equal Opportunity has introduced a number of procedures to be adopted by the promoters.
(2) Provide or displaying skills or specialized technologies for terrorist organizations, their instructions or their cooperation;
The Chairman said that the expression “legal provisions” might give the impression that the reference to other laws, while the “legal” meant to refer explicitly to laws relating to the concession contract.
The daily conflict ultimately affects civilians, resulting in the social and economic paralysis and has deteriorated as a result of the blockade.
That was reflected in Security Council resolution 1397 (2002), which reaffirmed the importance of the principle of coexistence between the two countries within secure recognized borders.
The destructive policies of these countries and the grave threats posed by these regimes, as well as the horrendous link between Iran's illegal nuclear weapons programme, its hostile intentions and its repressive regime, are not well known to the representatives and the entire world.
According to the UNOMIG assessment, the overall situation in the Zugdidi sector was generally calm.
I now turn to some of the IAEA's work of the international community.
I usually hear what donors have said, and I do not know what the donor's counterword is.
He was eloquently, open and frank about the sink and transformation faced by commodity-dependent countries.
The above Guidelines aim to provide a normative and coherent risk assessment framework that will enable Governments to offset the changes in threats by differences in the vulnerability of ships and port facilities.
In addition to that, intensive aquaculture itself became a source of pollution.
In this regard, the Code emphasizes that special efforts should be made to protect the other important impacts of human activities that are free from destruction, degradation, pollution and threats to the health and viability of fisheries resources.
flag State control over its vessels must be strengthened.
See also the comprehensive news material issued on 8 January 2003 by the Energy and Transport Division of the European Commission.
He also suggested that the Special Rapporteur should be authorized to clarify in advance.
The Committee recommends that regional follow-up to the ESCAP region should include efforts to promote regional and subregional cooperation; help to establish networks of exchange of information and policy and exchange of experiences; resource mobilization; and promote best practices.
The secretariat has revised the country database on an annual basis on the basis of the three criteria used by the modified system.
Strengthening the capacity of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to combat poverty and to integrate them in the field of human rights with a view to developing a national plan of action.
12-23 May 2003
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session of the Council.
Recalling further General Assembly resolution 32/162 of 19 December 1977 entitled “International institutional arrangements for cooperation in the field of human settlements”, in particular Part VIII, “Cooperation with organizations outside the United Nations system”,
The Committee welcomes the presentation of the executive direction and management component in the results-based budgeting format, namely, through objectives, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement.
The Committee also emphasizes that the three subprogrammes submitted should enhance the coordination of constructive partnerships in a comprehensive and integrated socio-economic initiative to promote African development.
Concern was expressed that the establishment of the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States had led to the proposed cessation of certain outputs.
It was pointed out that statistics were one of the areas that might overlap.
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should make every effort to promote cooperation and division of labour with other parts of the United Nations, institutions and specialized agencies and to ensure policy coherence.
Table 24.13
Replace the paragraph with the following paragraph: “(c) Support for the implementation of the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development in all areas of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation through the strengthening of the knowledge base for sustainable development; the development of technology transfer, the more efficient use of national and regional reports and other information on progress in sustainable development; and the use of contemporary data collection and dissemination methods, including the increased use of information technology; and the focus on clusters in the multi-year programme of the multi-year work programme of the Commission on the Commission on the multi-year work programme of the Commission on the Commission on the Commission on the Commission on the Commission on the Commission on the multi-year programme of the multi-year programme of the multi-year programme of the Commission on the Commission on the Commission on the Commission on the multi-year programme of the Commission on the multi-year programme of the Commission on the multi-year programme of the multi-year programme of the multi-year programme of the Commission on sustainable development of the multi-year programme of the multi-year programme of the multi-year programme of the Commission on sustainable development of the Commission on Sustainable Development's multi-year work programme
The view was expressed that recommendations 3 and 8 seemed to be too high and should be treated with caution.
It was reported that, in addition to the de jure non-recognition by the States of the Americas (except Colombia) of the Roma, there were social discrimination against the Roma in many parts of the country, and that there were frequent cases of police ill-treatment in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
On the issue of adequate and effective remedies, it was suggested that an independent court or tribunal composed of members of minorities be established.
However, it would be difficult to formulate international standards for appropriate integration of two measures without imposing restrictions on some countries.
They also outlined the work of the Office of the High Commissioner, including those related to the strengthening of the regional network of national institutions.
Accepts the audited financial statements on United Nations peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002;
Group I
Reiterates its approval of the report of the United Nations Mission in Tokelau for 2002;2
In its resolution 56/219 of 21 December 2001, the General Assembly took note with appreciation of the strategy, which outlined the overall objectives of mine action and recommended that the international community as a whole be given priority during the period 2001-2005.
These three judicial processes are not mutually exclusive, but are mutually reinforcing and can contribute to justice and reconciliation in Rwanda.
This record is equally important in the exercise of legal and judicial obligations.
Under the current legislation, representatives of the ICTY have the right to take care of the proceedings and to obtain the Tribunal's archives, and the evidence obtained by the ICTY may also be used directly for domestic trials.
However, the failure of the United Nations to take action on Iraq did not stop the bloodshed there and the United Nations had not been able to address the worsening crisis in the Middle East during the half-century.
The importance of the General Assembly as the principal decision of the United Nations and of the decision-making organs force us to give serious consideration to the recommendations made in the debate.
It was asked how could we support prevention efforts, such as those in place?
United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea
Ecosystem approaches need to expand such functions and processes that need to be considered in management decisions.
Invites civil society, non-governmental organizations and the private sector to further contribute to the intergovernmental preparatory process of the Summit, in accordance with the modalities set by the Preparatory Committee, and to participate actively in the Summit;
The International Law Commission had previously considered the question of the exhaustion of local remedies within the context of State responsibility as a “principle of general international law” in the sense of judicial decisions, State practice, treaties and the writings of jurists.
In the light of the right to a remedy doctrine, an injured alien needs only to exhaust remedies from rights and may lead to binding decisions.
The subject is also discussed in C.F. Amerasinghe, Local Remedies in International Law, 1990.
(a) The General Assembly decided that the current air tickets used to attend the Assembly without use should be left for use by the delegations of the least developed countries to participate in the sessions of the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with the first-come principle;
Mr. Estrella Faria (Secretariat) said that, as noted in the footnote, the alternative wording intended to address ways in which the concessionaire might have access to active service through studies conducted in many national legislation.
Prior to the submission of the twenty-fifth instalment claims, the secretariat of the Commission conducted a preliminary assessment of these claims in accordance with the Rules.
Although some claimants have received responses, no response is consistent with those standards.
Contribution to development effectiveness at the national level
Recalling further its decision 2001/320 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to include in the regular sub-item entitled “Review and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010” under the regular agenda item entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits”,
The General Assembly authorized the review and the methodology adopted by OIOS to focus on some administrative areas, which could lead to a simplification of the Organization's production.
The States of Eurostat reiterated their determination to sign, ratify and implement the United Nations conventions on terrorism.
The bill deals with:
18 June 2004
In that resolution, the Council raised other tasks to the Group of Experts and referred to how the work of the Group of Experts could contribute to raising awareness of the illegal exploitation of natural resources and other forms of wealth in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the context of conflict and, in particular, the relationship between the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
Results of dialogue and cooperation with the parties
The fifth category of parties, despite the opportunity, did not respond to the Panel's report.
Unless a regional solution is found, none of the above recommendations may be implemented in a long term.
Slovenia has been requested to respond to the form of a supplementary report by 7 July 2003.
Noting the continued policy guidance on family provisions in the outcomes of the United Nations summits and conferences and their follow-up processes during the 1990s on strengthening policies and programmes as part of a comprehensive development approach,
The present report is prepared in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1390 (2002).
Mr. Mselle (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions), introducing the report of ACABQ on the reports of the Board of Auditors (A/57/439), said that the issuance of the reports and the reports of the Board of Auditors remained a matter of great concern.
With regard to the payment of advances by the Central Emergency Revolving Fund, the European Union agreed with the Committee's view that the status of advances to the Humanitarian Coordinating Bureau in 1998.
If so, please provide the Committee with similar information on the listed entities on the list.
If so, the number and dates for the reasons, freezing or restitution are requested.
In our banking and financial system, no other legal entities or natural persons (public witnesses, lawyers or financial administrators) are authorized to carry out any kind of financial activities.
Expressing its appreciation to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for his important work during the first three years of his mandate,
Second regular session 2003
It forms part of a system-wide long-term policy that the occupying Power and its subordinate local authorities are well known to the occupying Power, that it will not support the reunification of Cyprus and make it a critical opinion from those Turkish Cypriots who have not been occupying forces and become members of the European Union.
At different scales, the work of “bien trade” is also designed to integrate the environment and the environment of trade and biodiversity.
This means: (a) to include, to the extent possible, the potential new areas of knowledge relevant to the development issues addressed to be addressed in the context of capacity development; and (b) flexibility in designing actions to adapt to new or new ones where necessary.
Conclusion and recommendations
The mandate given by the Doha Conference implies the shared commitment of the international community to reorient the WTO towards development.
The General Assembly should be actively involved in the decision-making process of sanctions against a Member State and should follow up on its implementation thereafter.
These unilateral actions run counter to international law and the Charter of the United Nations, which put an obstacle to trade and financial relations among States and impeded the economic and social development of the injured State.
The Committee asked why three bienniums lacked baseline data for measuring performance and what did not propose outputs to end.
Several factors have caused such changes.
(t) “private person” means any employee, organization, enterprise or private legal person who performs functions other than the unit of the duty of the official person;
Article 21
(b) Subject to the basic concepts of national legal systems:
(c) In the case of subparagraph (b) above, predicate offences shall include offences committed within and outside the jurisdiction of the State Party concerned.
Article 37
However, the requested State Party may, in its opinion, assist within its discretion, irrespective of whether the act constitutes a crime in accordance with its domestic law.
(b) The subject and nature of the investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings requested and the name and functions of the department responsible for conducting such investigations, prosecution or trial proceedings;
The State party should adopt [implementation] measures to ensure that banks and financial institutions maintain records of transactions carried out during the appropriate period.
During the second reading of the draft text at the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan proposed the following wording:
Those delegations were of the view that ensuring that the systems designed for the Convention take into account existing regional mechanisms and, to the extent possible, avoiding unnecessary duplication were important.
The increase in emissions in all sectors during the period 2000-2005 (in accordance with the “measures” scenario), with the exception of waste management.
Note: Note on national codes, see annex.
These rates include the remuneration and office costs of lawyers.
One third of the last third of the retention of a full payment would be to cover the additional monthly instalments if the duration of the trial was initially scheduled.
The full text of the interview is attached for your information.
If an organization identified as terrorism is clean, its assets are confiscated and transferred to the State.
So far, more than 50 Ministers for Foreign Affairs have expressed support for the joint statement.
According to article 23 of the Convention, adolescents with mental and/or disability have equal rights to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health.
Agenda
Definition of forests
The preparation process of the present report shows that, although cooperation among developing countries has been very broad because of better practical and cost-effectiveness, most of those engaged in cooperative practices are not guided by institutional policies.
Many Governments have abandoned the orientation concept that prevailed during the Buenos Aires Conference.
Both African least developed countries have expressed political conflicts and lack of financial resources as a major obstacle to the expansion of South-South cooperation.
The UNDP field staff network has been expanded and these resources are being used together with key partners to provide advisory services to programme member countries.
To be successful in dealing with terrorism, it is necessary to focus on three main counter-terrorism activities: first, the means of preventing terrorists from engaging in terrorist activities (e.g. financing terrorism, the suppression of forged documents, and the non-availability of weapons etc.); secondly, the failure to prosecute and/or extradite terrorists (e.g. accelerating the conclusion of counter-terrorism conventions and protocols, and the strengthening of the capacities and the management of terrorism, among others).
Development must be an integral part of international investment agreements to support national policies to attract and benefit more FDI.
NGOs organized a national film to improve the image of women and eliminate stereotypes.
Ms. Popescu Sandru said that she wished to know the status of indigenous women in Ecuador.
In addition, the Committee would appreciate information on literacy training and on the retention of girls in schools through the reduction of teenage pregnancy rates.
The construction of the wall is a unilateral act that is incompatible with the road map, which makes it more difficult to create a viable and continuous Palestinian State.
Institutional capacity-building.
First session (Part I and II)
The sall and Handicft Industries in Amman, Jordan, Industrial Development Bank, 1976 (with others).
The Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Secretary-General of the United Nations and, in response to a note by the Secretary-General dated 7 November 2002 and 14 February 2003, has the honour to inform the Legal Counsel of the United Nations that Mr. Peter Loen, the Director of Finance of the United Kingdom, who has nominated the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, is a member of the Committee on Budget and Finance of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court of the Assembly.
Resident Partners, Lilongwekli, Leblue International Accounting Corporation, Malawi
Convinced of the urgent need to combat organized crime and terrorism in all its forms and to enhance international cooperation and technical assistance to that end;
For example, ports lack sufficient funding for three countries with the highest level of private sector openness ( Tanzania, Mozambique and Djibouti) and are implementing structural adjustment programmes.
Minister of Mali
The Chairman said that draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.47 was submitted on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.21 by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee.
Contents
Portugal supports the statement made on behalf of the EU and agrees with the current wording of articles 1 and 3.
Financial contracts and net settlement
Such termination and set-off should be permitted to determine the net exposure to the risk, without regulating the termination of such contracts prior to the commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The Chief Prosecutor expressed interest in some of the preliminary investigative reports of OHCHR on behalf of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, particularly the mapping and forensic reports, which the High Commissioner agreed to facilitate the sharing of these documents between the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court.
(a) Develop administrative policies, procedures and mechanisms to facilitate the efficient and effective functioning of the system of administration of justice, including through prompt action, where necessary, to address staff complaints;
The Committee considered agenda item 4 (b) at its 2nd meeting, on 4 March 2003.
(Programme 24 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005)
This report is submitted in response to that request.
There are currently two well known human rights activists who are accused of treason.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Stresses the importance of the implementation of the follow-up to the Programme of Action on respect for human rights as an important element in managing migration flows, consolidating democracy and achieving the rule of law and stability;
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on the progress made in the implementation of the Programme of Action;
Requests ECOWAS to report periodically to the Committee on its periodic reports on all activities undertaken by its members in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 17 above and in the implementation of the present resolution, in particular the implementation of the ECOWAS Moratorium on Small Arms and Light Weapons, referred to in the preamble to the present resolution;
Joint meeting of UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP
Some country teams took part in some specific aspects of the debate: Benin participated in the debate on simplification and harmonization, Malawi's participation in the debate on HIV/AIDS, and Nepal's participation in the Millennium Development Goals.
Question of the violation of human rights in the occupied Arab territories, including Palestine
The Committee held a formal meeting ( 450th meeting) and the Chairman held a number of consultations and meetings during 2003.
The Panel of Experts has been unable to establish any direct link between these requirements and the current situation in Liberia.
Many witnesses reported to the Panel that many individuals were able to violate the ban because they had multinational nationality or had a residence permit in other countries.
The evaluation identified some weaknesses in project effectiveness.
Promotion and protection of the rights of women and children in Nigeria, in accordance with global standards.
3 p.m. 65th plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
Information was also provided on the situation of various ethnic groups in Niger.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit an updated report and to provide recommendations on how to address the arrears of Member States to peacekeeping missions that have ended but have a net cash deficit for consideration at the resumed fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly;
Noting with satisfaction that the Inter-Organization Programme for the Sound Management of Chemicals, on the basis of input from the Subcommittee on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, the International Labour Organization and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, has consolidated a draft, with the possibility of consensus on a global system of harmonization,
Cessation of the nuclear arms race and nuclear disarmament.
It is therefore essential that we fully support this effort.
Greater efforts must be made to identify what acts of terrorism are caused by fanaticism or criminal intent, which is the result of political or economic injustice.
The President (spoke in French): I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Luis Nunest Delbe, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
China is also one of the victims of terrorism.
When the world faces a greater risk, such principles are more relevant.
How do we do?
However, some problems cannot give rise to an objective observation.
Another threat to international peace and security — you can also correct our assessment — a vertical spread.
Group of 77 (at the ambassadorial level)
As Mr. Mohamed Bennouna noted several minutes ago, this arrangement guarantees the smooth discharge of the functions of the President and is of paramount importance to ensure the effective functioning of the General Assembly.
These concerns relate to the implementation of land law; inadequate forestry and agricultural concessions to effectively guarantee the poor; some displaced people should be compensated for as a result of road construction projects; and the relocation of children and the poor.
This fact, together with the need to focus on vulnerability and risk analysis, reflects the need to shift from emergency response to prevention.
Treaty between Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation concerning the extradition of persons sentenced to prison for their sentences (18 May 1995).
The above conduct shall be punished by imprisonment of between 10 and 25 years for death or other significant consequences.
The above conduct shall, if:
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 7.
What we have been told by the Executive Chairman of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) and the Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA)?
Only after the threat of use of force and the adoption of Security Council resolution 1441 (2002), the last opportunity for the Government of Iraq to cooperate unconditionally, immediately and actively with inspectors in the disarmament process, can some progress be achieved in this cooperation, but remains far short of the “ unconditional, immediate and positive”.
What is the meaning of the right to health?
The third type of disease - severe neglected diseases - very rarely studied and developed in rich countries - is essentially non-existent.
Global counter-terrorism standards.
To promote and promote the use of the Counter-Terrorism Committee's centralized Directory of Counter-Terrorism Information and Assistance Resources.
Main findings
Detailed studies on the sex of adults were conducted by the Legal Aid Centre in 2002.
A question was raised as to whether paragraph 8.1 would interfere with the use of certain types of transport documents such as the bill of lading and the bill of lading entitled “Bouted” of bills of lading.
A general comment was made that the use of the terms of chapter 8 of the draft instrument in chapter 8 at the beginning and end of the term “document or electronic record” with a view to emphasizing the distinction between transport documents and electronic records, rather than focusing on the content of documents as the intention of the Working Group.
A similar concern was expressed with respect to paragraph 12.2 that the text of the draft article should indicate whether the holder exercising any right under the contract of carriage should be liable under the contract of carriage.
It was further noted that the draft instrument should address other issues that might conflict with the draft instrument and other transport conventions, such as those that were not specifically identified in the calculation of compensation and damage (see paras. 258 and 264 to 267 below).
I have the honour to remind the permanent and observer delegations that, for security considerations, the garage is scheduled to close at 8 p.m. on Saturday, 21 September 2003 and to reopen the authorized vehicle at 4 p.m. on Monday, 22 September 2003.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica (29 September 2003)1
These activities reflect the increasing importance of procurement systems for national economies and highlight the need to coordinate the efforts of international agencies operating in the field of procurement.
In accordance with the conclusions of the SBSTA at its eighteenth session, the secretariat will use such information to work with civil aviation organizations on further methodologies for improving the quality of data reporting and to support the review of the work of experts on Annex I greenhouse gas inventories.
Action: The SBSTA is invited to consider the information provided in the document and provide guidance to Parties and the Secretariat, as appropriate.
In addition, the authorities also requested that all air transport must take off from the north.
FAO and non-governmental organizations supported reporting on livestock disease systems and livestock vaccination;
The Department of Public Information's brochure entitled “The United Nations and decolonization” was prepared in 2001 by the Decolonization Unit of the Department of Political Affairs, a response to a large number of queries from individuals and organizations from Non-Self-Governing Territories, which focused mainly on the role of the United Nations in the Non-Self-Governing Territories, the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples in 1996, options for the future status of the Territory and assistance from the Territory.
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) noted with satisfaction the comprehensive coverage by the Anguilla press of the Department of Public Information's press release on the Caribbean regional seminar, which had also broadcast the parliamentary debate under the press.
According to this article in Swiss law, there is no reason for freezing assets of individuals and entities suspected of being associated with Osama bin Laden, al-Qa'idah or the Taliban.
If there is a change in the annex to the Act, the EVA system will be immediately revised.
The possibility of providing assistance to other States to assist them in implementing the measures set out in the relevant resolutions is being studied.
Potential implementation options
14.9 In response to the request of the General Assembly in its resolutions 56/253 and 57/292 for further strengthening the United Nations Office at Nairobi, the proposals for the strengthening of the regular budget component of the Office will be set out in section 29G of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (Administration, Nairobi).
(iii) Exhibits, guided tours, lectures: exhibits and images, photographic materials and services (1); guided tours and collective visits (1);
But the success and failure of the entire vision of Monterrey depend essentially on the ownership of such a global partnership.
At present, we must work to reflect the spirit of partnership between rich and rich countries that we have witnessed in Monterrey.
Review of human settlements policies.
Commercial frauds may undermine commercial credibility and undermine industrial, regional, international banking systems, financial markets, international commercial certificates, international trade to the stability of States.
While cooperation with criminal law enforcement and regulatory authorities should be encouraged, business and commercial law could play an important role in preventing and combating commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal is also increasingly using similar powers granted by the arbitral proceedings regime.
Internet and computer technology have increased not only the implementation of traditional crime (e.g. theft of identity, theft of intellectual property, violation of copyright, credit card fraud, software theft, tracking, extortion and other crimes), but also threats to the business and government through attacks on key infrastructure (e.g. utilities, energy, transport and communication).
• Ensure free access to outer space through measures that apply equally to all parties, while at the same time avoiding the release of debris wherever possible;
They have repeatedly emphasized that economic underdevelopment, poverty and social insecurity are a source of frustration and a source of renewed conflict, not to redress the growing international inequalities, democracy, stability, security and peace cannot be consolidated.
They reiterated their conviction that, prior to the absence of a comprehensive elimination of nuclear weapons, the members of the Non-Aligned Movement should endeavour, as a matter of priority, to conclude a universal, unconditional and legally binding instrument on security assurances to non-nuclear-weapon States.
The Heads of State or Government are totally opposed to the conditions and pretexts for these issues, with hundreds of thousands limiting the market access of developing countries or providing assistance and technology to developing countries or linking them to multilateral trade negotiations.
Similar measures have been taken by the Financial Market Council.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, we should proceed with a series of restrictive ballots.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as an official document of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights under agenda item 11.
To this end, an independent court or tribunal should be established and appropriate procedures should be provided to a minority whose rights have been violated.
Considering that every State party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights must ensure that all individuals within its territory and subject to its jurisdiction enjoy the rights recognized in the Covenant,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. IV.A, para.
Some $6.5 million would provide for training for civilian staff, and approximately $17.5 million for peacekeeping military training.
In practice, all commercial banks and financial institutions in Thailand follow the guidelines contained in the Circular and report to the Thai Bank on their actions.
Addressing violence against women is an essential component of the HIV/AIDS strategy.
(b) Undertake campaigns and seek the involvement of the media and eminent persons to serve as a good example of the role of men and to increase men's participation in HIV/AIDS care and support activities;
Notes
Ibid.
UNFPA assisted in the development of a national population policy and the updating of census information, which was essential for a better understanding of socio-economic and demographic issues for the preparation of plans.
In the World Bank, the Advisory Group met with Mr. Callisto Madavio, Deputy Governor and Director of the Regional Bureau for Africa; Ms. Mary Barton-Dock, National Coordinator, and Mr. Marcelo Andrade, head of State economists and head of the World Bank for Guinea-Bissau.
- Act No. 70-209 of 20 March 1970 regulating fiscal regulations;
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a letter dated 15 January 2003 from the representative of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus addressed to you, Reşat Çağlar (see annex).
Subsequently, the Advisory Group also expressed its support for this and contributed to the provision of development assistance to Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Regional preparatory meetings for the first session of the CRIC
The first time between all affected European Parties discussed the implementation of the UNCCD.
In conjunction with the first session of the CRIC, a consultative meeting was held in Rome, Italy, in November 2002 with the aim of developing an analysis of needs and proposals for each of the Annex IV countries in regional cooperation and identifying further measures.
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council adopted the proposal by Ambassador Amorim to address outstanding arms reductions within the framework of the enhanced monitoring and verification mechanism.
Several representatives commended the Executive Director for the comprehensive and comprehensive nature of the report and expressed their support for the approach outlined in the proposed programme of work.
The Committee of the Whole will consider the items referred to in paragraph 2 above and review the draft resolution on Tuesday, 8 April 2003 to Friday, 11 April 2003.
Ensuring the security of information contained in the information and telecommunications system is a major element and a precondition for ensuring information security, national and national sovereignty and stable social development.
Decides to establish the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (UNMIK) for an initial period of six months to facilitate the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement by the Ivorian parties and to include a military component in the mission in accordance with the options set out in the report of the Secretary-General (b), in cooperation with the French and ECOWAS forces;
In accordance with resolution 1460 (2003), parties to the conflict requiring the recruitment or use of children to cease immediately, in violation of international obligations applicable to them;
Mr. Ordzhonikidze, Secretary-General of the Conference on Disarmament, gave us a strong support to our initiative in his letter dated 21 January to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Kofi Annan, and he was greatly encouraged by the formal introduction of the proposal.
“At the time of reading the report of the annual session of 2001, I have a paradox.
Children remain the main victims of the conflict.
In Sierra Leone in 1999, my Special Representative received a commitment from the RUF to allow for humanitarian access and release of abducted children and child soldiers, while the Civil Defence Forces also made commitments to recruit and demobilize children.
In its resolution 1460 (2003), the Council supported the call “era of implementation” and requested specific proposals for monitoring and reporting.
The situation in Somalia
Since the outbreak of hostilities on Iraqi territory, there has been a difficult moment.
For Japan, my country will actively ensure that the United Nations fulfils its primary responsibility for delivering it so that it can find ways to meet the challenges facing the international community.
It is not a matter for disarmament experts.
In paragraph 6 of its decision 9, the Governing Council determined that it was the responsibility of the claimants who had submitted their claims to the Commission to take reasonable steps to mitigate the loss, “the total amount of compensation would be less likely to be reasonably avoided”.
From a broader perspective, significant progress has been made in strengthening the United Nations standby arrangements system for military, civilian and civilian personnel and procurement and management of strategic deployment stocks at the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy.
Education is another major consideration, since poor families usually do not have equal access to education, or in some cases there is no opportunity.
If migrants do not meet time requirements, social welfare requirements may endanger the rights of migrants and the rights of their families to remain in the host country.
Urban migration has eroded the inter-generational support for many years for indigenous peoples, and has broken relations with traditional areas.
In some countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, vulnerable older persons are considered to be particularly vulnerable to abandonment, and many of them have lost material support when they leave the labour market.
This legal framework is often not possible to protect the traditional knowledge and cultural heritage of indigenous peoples, as indigenous peoples emphasize shared ownership of their full resources.
The inconsistency between development policies and international cooperation is alarming.
Recalling further its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Taking into account:
International Association for Accounting Education and Research
As explained in note 136 of the present report, the Board will also consider the issue of the costs of preparation of claims in future.
23 In one claim, compensation was sought for the amount of arrears incurred in connection with the sale of goods sold to Iraq on the basis of a sales contract with an agent in a third State.
/ E2(3) report, paragraph 82 (citing E2(2) report, paragraphs 60 and F1.11)
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit to you, on the decision of the International Court of Justice on the question of Honduras and El Salvador, a document dated 30 April 2003 entitled “Technical Experts appointed by the Organization of American States to assist in the demarcation of the El Salvador-Honduras border”, and I should be grateful if you could arrange for the present letter and its annex.
UNHCR assisted refugees, especially women and female-headed households in access to adequate housing, which constituted a major vulnerable group.
See http://www.unicef.org/programme/wes/weshm.htm.
UNCTAD could play an important role in promoting North-South consensus on the multilateral trading system, identifying approaches to trade and development, taking into account the interests of the North, assisting developing countries in preparing and developing national trade policies for multilateral trade negotiations.
The circumstances in which the specific application of the above-mentioned provisions would be subject to the complexity and details of the requests in each specific case, if not meeting the established time limit, it would agree with the requesting party on a schedule.
The largest trading partner in American Samoa is the United States, followed by New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine: draft resolution A/C/58/L.9/Rev.1
The security wall raises serious human rights issues.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly found that new settlements are still in construction, while existing settlements continue to expand.
Second supplementary report of the Government of the Republic of Moldova to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC) pursuant to a letter dated 11 July 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Counter-Terrorism Committee
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. Bambabči Mingan (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation would like to point out to the consensus on the adoption of draft resolution A/58/L.39 on the strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations, which does not mean that my country shares the concept of operative paragraph 12 of the draft resolution, such as the “Protection of culture”, which we have not yet been able to discuss in the framework of our Organization's work, as important principles of the General Assembly resolution 46/182.
The General Assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 40.
Paragraphs 3 to 8 contain comments on the completion strategy developed by the Tribunal.
Table 6.45 of the report provides an increase of $13.2 million.
But the main purpose of verification should not be forgotten because of economic constraints.
The President: There were 15 votes in favour.
We know the conclusion of the ABM Treaty as the cornerstone of international security.
In the case of acts of terror perpetrated by extremist groups or individuals, irrespective of their magnitude, the powerful State should not exercise the inherent legitimate right to self-defence, unilaterally launching a potentially irreversible war, as countless innocent civilians may die from this war.
The most important issue of defining the meaning of this law can only be counterproductive.
In the most recent national elections, a campaign sponsored by the Government encouraged voters to vote for women.
In Ghana, the close relationship between the Millennium Development Goals and the national poverty reduction strategy paper is a major feature of the country's first Millennium Development Goals report.
As a result of the country's participation in the chemical precursors project of the Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission, the legal adviser to the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) was provided with the development of a new draft legislation.
Within this framework, the Executive Board is also requested to approve an after-service health insurance reserve in place.
The Meeting heard a comprehensive presentation of the completed national assessment reports and a summary of the outstanding reports on the achievements of the Caribbean region in achieving sustainable development, as well as ongoing challenges in implementing the Barbados Programme of Action.
The meeting was informed that a number of research projects were being carried out in the areas of molecular biology, biotechnology and medicine.
Rule 129
The region has already had measures to address law enforcement at the South Pacific Forum level.
The objective should be to develop management mechanisms with a better understanding of the resources involved and their environment.
Item 42 of the provisional agenda*
The progress made during the period since May 2002 in the follow-up to the Special Session on Children with a general situation and regional context; highlighting the actions already taken in the four main areas; and calling for further efforts to “A world fit for children”.
They also prepared a statement to Governments, non-governmental organizations and civil society organizations in the region, urging them to support the beneficial participation of children and young people.
Noting the growing awareness within the international community of the negative impact of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations on the full enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms and the establishment of the rule of law and democratic freedoms, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights,
ISSG International Rubber Study Group
Emphasizing the temporary nature of UNIFIL,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
(continued)
Recalling further General Assembly resolution 56/1 of 12 September 2001 and its resolutions 57/27 of 19 November 2002, in which the Assembly strongly condemned the heinous acts of terrorism perpetrated on 11 September 2001 and condemned, in the latter resolution, the appalling acts of terrorism in Bahari and Moscow and called for international cooperation to prevent and eradicate terrorism, and Security Council resolution 1465 (2003) of 13 February 2003, in which it condemned the bombings in Bogotá on 7 February 2003,
9-13 June 2003
Post-conflict work has become a key element of the global activities of UNDP and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF).
The decision was made to allocate the items proposed for the Secretary-General's memorandum to the Fifth Committee.
Fifty-fifth session
The United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity addresses the issue of the sustainability of biotechnology.
New biotechnology could complement these obsolete technologies and enhance their effectiveness.
It is interesting to expect that the issue of financial sovereignty of the Cayman Islands will be resolved during these two visits.
Participation of all nuclear-weapon States, as soon as possible, in the process leading to the total elimination of their nuclear weapons.
The social dimension of protection requires all refugee individuals, groups and communities themselves to become actors in all stages of planning and decision-making.
It will review a more strategic use of resettlement and the use of resettlement within the framework of the additional documents of the Convention, as well as a programme of work for voluntary contributions to the “special agreement” countries.
However, this does not apply to refugees who believe that security is a threat to security or who have been sentenced by a legitimate court for serious crimes.
Encourages parents and legal guardians to do their utmost to ensure that the education of their children is favourable:
At that time, in many parts of the world, numerous ethnic and religious violence has been perpetrated in several parts of the former Soviet Union, in the former Soviet Union, in the former Yugoslavia and in Asia, Africa and Central America and South America.
S-19/2 Further implementation of Agenda 21
Health services in Nepal are based on comprehensive primary care and referral treatment systems.
In addition, new actions are being taken in the area of health.
For example, at the policy level, senior female administrative staff accounted for only 4.02 per cent (table 1).
The number of schools and students at all levels is steadily increasing (table 5).
In the lower secondary school (11 to 13 age group), the net enrolment of girls fell to 26.2 per cent and to 36.5 per cent for boys, indicating that more than two thirds of children in the age group were deprived of access to education.
Mineing Gender Equality Programme 2001 (Monaco of Women, Children and Social Welfare): Engendering Civil Service with Disarmament Assistance and Industry in Administrative Services, Kathmandu.
Regrettably, after decades of occupation, bloodshed and contempt for international legitimacy, the representative of Israel has not been aware that the road to peace depends on the implementation of 37 resolutions on the Arab Israeli conflict and almost 600 resolutions on the same issue, which have continued to be ignored by Israel in defiance of international law.
We will also not adjust our policies because of threats.
The United Nations effort to achieve stability, democratization and reconstruction in Iraq has been fully supported by my country, and I commend the United Nations staff for their courage and self-reliance.
The United Nations should adopt an objective and rational implementation of a programme to seize this opportunity, not through the use of artillery or jet fighter planes, or by mobilizing a large number of armies to destroy the regime of hatred.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Council called on all member States of the Authority and others in a position to do so to contribute to the Voluntary Trust Fund.
In this regard, my delegation wishes to emphasize the importance of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/184) and the report clearly warned us that, despite the measures taken so far, these measures are still insufficient to prevent the negative effects of the epidemic on society and to reduce new cases.
Progress report of the Voorburg Group on Service Statistics (E/CN.3/2004/11) and progress report of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Statistics of International Trade in Services (conference room paper).
In accordance with rule 9 of the rules of procedure, the Committee will have before it the draft provisional agenda for its forty-third session and the list of documents to be submitted for its consideration.
This initiative has set a model for the rest of the world and should be supported by the new Government.
(o) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur on the right to food (A/58/330)
In his written and oral statements, the representative of Burundi mentioned that Burundi was unable to pay its arrears to the United Nations as a result of the horrendous socio-economic situation that had been carried out since 1993.
In its written and oral representations, the Central African Republic noted its serious economic and social problems, partly as a result of earlier internal conflicts and the continuing security problems.
The meeting was called to order at 3.05 p.m.
The United States therefore intends to work actively in the Fifth Committee to ensure that the draft resolution does not add to the budget.
3.3 Innovative approaches to the mobilization of resources for TCDC and OECD (including resources from donors and other sources in developing countries, triangular arrangements).
Fifty-eighth session
Paragraphs Page
(o) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas;
(s) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions [P.119]:
(a) Develop effective national legislation, policies and plans of action and strengthen governmental institutions related to children, including, where appropriate, ministers responsible for children and independent commissioners for the promotion of children's rights;
A/58/282.
It was stated that help to avoid a problem that became more obvious as a result of electronic commerce and that it was not lost as an important objective of the draft article.
The Working Group took note of the proposal on the drafting of the draft and agreed that it could be considered at a later stage.
As of today, civil society and the private sector fully support the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD), which brings additional benefits to many countries, which are deepening their commitment to NEPAD values and practices.
Angola is prepared to continue to participate in regional and subregional programmes, such as connectivity projects, and to enhance the capacity of African countries to better respond to the challenges facing NEPAD.
As part of a better management and enhancement of the monitoring and evaluation system, CPC has increased its assessment of programme performance, ensuring that the Organization is moving forward in the right direction and strengthens the oversight role of member States in this regard.
We have not seen progress, and we see it as a departure from a peaceful settlement and a reversal of negotiations.
Strengthening the capacity of the Sierra Leone police
Each word of the plan has been determined on a number of rounds, carefully and comprehensively weighing.
This would lead to the re-establishment of a predictable and unrestricted business environment, which had a serious negative impact on investor confidence.
33 Turks and Caicos Week, 13-26 January 2001.
Support was expressed for the proposal under this paragraph.
I would like to take this opportunity to reaffirm the people of Côte d'Ivoire and the Government's appreciation to Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his tireless work in peace with Africa, who has made every effort to provide them with their individuals and the support of the Organization in order to restore peace in Côte d'Ivoire.
We have entered the final stage of our accession to the 12 United Nations conventions and protocols on terrorism.
The Kosovo Assembly adopted an insolvency law on 13 March.
(g) Conscientious objection to military service 313 - 405 348
Noting that despite progress, difficulties remain in the implementation of the settlement plan,
Welcoming the proclamation by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/6 of the Global Agenda for Dialogue among Civilizations and inviting States, organizations and institutions of the United Nations system, within existing resources and other international and regional organizations and civil society to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action contained in the resolution,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the overall trends and developments in his mandate to the Commission at its sixtieth session and to include in the addendum all replies received from Governments in any official languages of the United Nations;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, within existing resources and in cooperation with the Governments concerned, to hold a further consultative meeting with all concerned Member States, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council, to finalize, where appropriate, options for the adoption of these principles and norms; the second consultative meeting should be based on the views submitted, the report of the Chairperson-Rapporteur of the first consultations with the independent expert, Mr. van Bove Bove and Mr. Cherif Bifouni, in consultation with the Preparatory Committee;
Notes with satisfaction the progress made by many countries of the world in building a democratic society in order to better realize civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights;
Takes note with interest of the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on human rights and mass exoduses (E/CN.4/2003/84);
Welcomes the commitment of the High Commissioner to hold a seminar jointly with the United Nations Development Programme on the practical ways and activities to effectively strengthen good governance practices for human rights at the national level prior to the sixty-first session of the Commission, in accordance with paragraph 3 of Commission resolution 2001/72 and paragraph 4 of resolution 2002/76;
Reaffirms that peace, security, stability and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to development and respect for cultural diversity, as expressed in the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, are essential for achieving sustainable development and ensuring the benefits of sustainable development for all;
Decides to continue its consideration of this question at its sixtieth session under the same agenda item.
Expressing its satisfaction at the fact that the people of the northern region of Somalia, despite various difficulties, still enjoy relative peace and stability and have access to basic services,
Prevention of the circulation of and abuse of small arms and light weapons
Legislative authority: Commission resolutions 2002/28, 2002/30, 2003/17, 2003/19, 2003/21, 2003/224, 2003/226, 2003/27, 2003/228, 2003/29 and 2003/244.
At its 63rd meeting, on 25 April 2003, the Committee considered the draft report on its work at its fifty-ninth session.
Question of the death penalty (resolution 2003/67) 23
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003/64) 26
Ways to strengthen the work of the Committee (decision 2003/101) 301
We commit ourselves to working to maximize the benefits of the current marginalization and the integration of landlocked developing countries into the global economy.
Post-deployment medical costs payable under the current methodology will be retained.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration adopted by the World Food Summit, held in Rome from 10 to 13 June 2002, five years later,
Accordingly, the Committee expects considerable savings during the current period.
Nevertheless, this remains a moment of great opportunity, and the international community, at the Johannesburg World Summit, identified a comprehensive issue of sustainability, and the International Conference on Financing for Development, held in Monterrey, Mexico, identified a new dynamic path to financing and international cooperation for development.
Invites donor countries, international financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, to provide financial support and expertise for the implementation of regional seas programmes, within the existing resources;
Recognizing also the need for greater transparency and predictability in the implementation of programmes at the regional and subregional levels,
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
Emphasizing that the World Conference on Human Rights agreed to call upon the international community to make every effort to alleviate the debt burden of developing countries in order to complement the efforts of the Governments of those countries to achieve the full realization of the economic, social and cultural rights of their peoples,
Also recognizes that the promotion and protection of the full enjoyment of cultural rights and the promotion of different cultural identities by all are a key element in the process of globalization for the protection of cultural diversity;
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an annual report to the Commission and a medium-term report to the General Assembly on the activities carried out under his mandate;
Explanation: Department of Economic and Social Affairs: Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat; ECA: Economic Commission for Europe; ECLAC: Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; ESCAP: regional commissions; UNCTAD: United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; UNEP; United Nations-Habitat: United Nations Human Settlements Programme; United Nations University.
Bulgaria believes that the periodic report on the implementation of article VI, as described in paragraph 15 of the Final Document of 2000, is an important confidence-building measure to enhance transparency in the NPT system as a whole.
With regard to Palestine refugees, the international community as a whole had the responsibility to continue its services until their situation was resolved.
Replace the words “5.5.6” with “55.0”
The Supreme Court of War, held in Gbadolite from 26 to 28 March 2003, acquitted six persons, in addition to maintaining a life imprisonment for one accused and carrying a 12-month period of detention.
There are provisions for the protection of children in labour legislation.
Requests the Secretary-General to designate the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime as the secretariat of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention and guided by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention;
General Assembly resolutions
Noting the draft articles and understandings adopted by the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continued to liaise with the increasing number of United Nations field presences and OHCHR field office staff, drawing on their unique position on the ground, to improve information flows relating to disappearances.
During the reporting period, the secretariat of the Working Group was unable to send reminders in accordance with its methods of work on the 867 outstanding cases.
It is alleged that the disappearances are related to the broad powers given to the security forces under urgent legislation, in particular the Act on Terrorist and Separated Actions and the Public Security Act, which allow for preventive and long-term detention without many other normal guarantees under criminal law.
The Bureau plans to discuss this matter in the near future in order to seek the best action programme to address the issues raised by you.
19.35 Based on the assumption that the subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that members and associate members have resources for the implementation of the recommendations and to focus on data preparation to monitor internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration; and to provide adequate extrabudgetary resources to ESCAP for operational activities.
(vi) High-level intergovernmental meetings to review the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and its regional and global outcomes:
The law on succession, marriage and donation is also the same.
Human rights and mass exoduses
Reaffirming that all States have an obligation to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to life, liberty and security of persons, as affirmed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and reaffirming their obligations under the various human rights instruments, in particular the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights,2 the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Convention on the Rights of the Child,
Reform framework
The Committee notes with appreciation that in November 2000 the State party ratified the European Social Charter (1996) and the Additional Protocol to the Charter of 1995 and ratified the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination in December 2000.
The Committee notes with concern that rural areas are particularly affected by structural reforms in the area of public agriculture.
Unless the rights of teachers are respected in international labour standards, genuine partnership with Governments will not be possible to promote the achievement of educational goals.
Any action within the jurisdiction of the State party should not deprive another State of its capacity to realize the right to water for its people under its jurisdiction.
In accordance with this objective, the Committee adopted general comment No. 12 of 1998 on the right to adequate food (now attached to your reference), which should serve as a reference framework for a plan to adopt an international code of conduct on the human rights of adequate food.
Many of them have established links to human rights and development, including those related to education, food, housing, health, environmental protection and broader issues such as the right to development, human rights and extreme poverty and structural adjustment programmes.
In cooperation with the United Nations Programme on Ageing, a human rights exhibit campaign was completed to mark the fiftieth anniversary of the Declaration on Human Rights.
(d) Organization of a symposium at the International Training Division, Dottop, New York.
Proposal by Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM/14).
Proposal by Chile at its third session (A/AC.261/L.117).
(d) To end impunity and ensure that those responsible for violations of human rights and serious violations of international humanitarian law are brought to justice;
Ms. Davisan (Armenia) said that the issue of children was at the heart of the development goals set out in the Millennium Declaration.
Invites States, United Nations agencies, programmes and specialized agencies, international organizations and non-governmental organizations to assist developing countries, in particular the least developed countries and the least developed countries of Africa, in their efforts to prevent the spread of the epidemic, mitigate and control the human rights of HIV/AIDS to their populations, and to provide care for the infected;
(b) To strengthen cooperation with Member States and with United Nations programmes, funds and relevant agencies and organizations and non-governmental organizations, and to assist in the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session, upon request;
Cuba has repeatedly expressed its dissatisfaction with the lack of progress in the implementation of this provision in different forums, and Cuba believes that nuclear-weapon States have the primary responsibility to comply with the provisions of the Convention.
Arthur Okwemba, “Por Counsellor Cry Foul Over New Trade Plan by the West”, The East African, 14-20 April 2003, p. 23.
In favour:
Like the European Union's partners, the United Kingdom voted in favour of draft resolution A/58/L.26/Rev.1, entitled “Peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine”.
The Committee noted that during the International Aerospace Fair, to be held in Santiago from 29 March to 4 April 2004, the Space and Social Seminar in Latin America would be organized and organized by the Office for Outer Space Affairs.
The seminar discussed the role of national focal points and national coordinating bodies, cross-border cooperation and information sharing, national laws and legislation and administrative procedures, export and import control regimes and marking, storage management and record, and civil society cooperation.
Article 299 of the Guatemalan Penal Code provides that:
A vote was taken by show of hands.
The information received indicates that impunity for human rights violations, war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide has been widely endorsed.
According to the above definition, in 2001, there were 415,000 under-employment in Spain, of whom 68 per cent were women and nearly 32 per cent were men.
Source: BBVA Bulletin, July 2000.
This indicator takes into account the tax factor for the purchase of the property, indicating the percentage of the salary income required for the first year of disclosure.
The cannabis plantations, which exceeded 236 hectares, were also destroyed.
The regional programmes and programmes that benefit girls and different age women, including young and older women, will focus on the establishment of networks, information-sharing and networking among nations and cultures within the context of the United Nations Declaration and Programme of Action on a Culture of Peace (UN Declaration and Programme of Action)a and the further promotion and implementation of conventions and all other international normative instruments to promote women's human rights.
If so, they can also resort to domestic law with a view to continuing their interests or redress.
“It is fundamentally difficult to affirm that a State can take a decision on the question of who is entitled to enter its territory.
See ibid., p. 45, paras.
See also the personal opinion of Judge Viewer in Barcelona Traction (Preliminary Objections), I.C.J. Reports 1964 p. 59.
In respect of any offence to which this article applies, the State party shall endeavour, in conformity with its domestic law, to expedite extradition procedures and to simplify the relevant evidentiary requirements.
Such agreements or arrangements shall be concluded and implemented in full compliance with the principle of sovereign equality of States and shall be implemented in strict compliance with the provisions of such agreements or arrangements.
Article 85
See Anti-Corruption Initiative for Developing Countries (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Most of the delegations of the informal working group established during the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee considered that there was no need to be included in the definition of “international public organizations”, since the term had been clearly explained in international law.
During the fifth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations considered the best use of mandatory language.
The concept contained in the last paragraph was also discussed.
No comment was made on this article during the second reading of the draft text at the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee.
At the same time, there is a need for adequate national policy space to achieve development goals.
The Chairman of the Intergovernmental Expert Group on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting presented the report of the Group on its nineteenth session.
“Report on activities of the Division for Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development” (DITC/ODOC/03/011)
Policy issues related to investment and development
The variance is attributable primarily to the reduction in official travel costs and the lack of training, since staff of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations have reduced travel to the Mission to deal with administrative and technical issues, with a lower number of technical meetings scheduled for 2004/05.
Agenda items 28 and 40 (f)
The General Assembly,
Accordingly, on the basis of the extrapolation of the question, the Committee has not been requested to decide whether Mr. A expelled from Sweden from its obligations under article 3 or any other articles of the Convention and to decide whether he was subjected to torture by the Egyptian authorities.
(b) The signing of a ceasefire agreement on 18 March 2003 between the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda and six armed groups, paving the way for the meeting of the Standing Committee in Ituri from 4 to 14 April 2003 and the establishment of an interim administration in Ituri;
(e) Clear knowledge management and human resource implications of new pricing procedures, where appropriate.
Therefore, because Venezuela shares the view that the illicit trade in diamonds, as recognized by many countries, has had a detrimental effect on armed conflict and has delayed and impeded the efforts of countries directly affected by it to achieve international efforts aimed at peace.
Chairman of the Legal Aid Office of the Legal Development Centre, 1999-2001.
Chairman of the National Civic Education and Electoral Supervisory Organization, 1994-1997.
• Offences on abortion, Senda Press
One of the Government's objectives is to maintain and develop land and water resources in the Territory to improve agricultural productivity.
For the second consecutive year, a day of drug awareness was announced.
“Objective 2004-2005: use of the standby system to meet the percentage and rapid deployment levels or standby lists of all personnel required for deployment”
As to multilateral treaties, the European Treaty on Extradition (1957) and the European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters (1959) were signed on 29 September 2000.
The means of sanctions can be described as a way between language and war.
The exchange of views among Governments, the Secretariat of the United Nations, academia, non-governmental organizations and representatives of civil society has enabled a frank and in-depth dialogue on progress, obstacles and challenges related to the development and adoption of targeted sanctions and the contribution of the Interlaken process on financial sanctions and the Bonn-Berlin process on the arms embargo and the travel ban.
As we mark the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, my delegation is pleased to note that considerable progress has been made in some respects.
Mr. Requeijo Ganger (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): Five years ago, two thirds of humankind remained under colonial, at which time the General Assembly adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights by voting, which became the basis for the development and codification of human rights since then.
In a broader context, paragraphs 157 to 159 of the Durban Programme of Action refer not only to the experiences of some people and their victims of racism and their own development, but also to community development, as a result of racism and racism-based systems, because they did not have access to some of the development paths that other communities could explore, as Haiti has shown in many respects, the country is ready to celebrate the 200-year anniversary of independence, but to help the colonies.
Permanent Representative
In 2003, the Working Group held its thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth sessions.
On 23 October 2003, the Government of Iran informed that Mazaheri Kalahroudi had been released on 4 September 2003.
It has also established the Court of Human Rights to try cases of gross violations of human rights, genocide and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the appointment by the African Union Commission of Mr. Tuvalu as Special Envoy for the Great Lakes region.
The international community therefore actively supports the preparatory process and the Conference itself.
The Security Council has recently reiterated the need for women to be included in all peacebuilding and development processes.
We want many initiatives.
UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with non-governmental organizations on the relationship between asylum-seekers and migration.
In November 2001, Mr. Denktash wrote to Mr. Klein to propose direct meetings.
In addition, following the opening of Mr. Klein's presentation, it was possible to propose that the Treaty should remain in force, and that, following the appropriate details of the treaty, it would also apply to the new patterns established by the Agreement on the Establishment of the Federal Republic of Cyprus and the Constitution, in addition to the independence, territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, the two allies' territorial integrity, security and constitutional order.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization on women and hoped that the issue would be considered in Canada's development assistance and hoped that Canada would support research in that area.
Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution.
Framework Convention on Climate Change
(c) The chemical burning of aerosol agents is less than 20 kHz, and there is no fire in the pseudo-fire test in section 31.5 of this manual;
Effective capacity-building mechanisms are part of a flexible programming approach, which takes interrelated measures at all levels to achieve mutually reinforcing goals under the overall goals.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemns this grave escalation of Israeli actions, which could lead to a dramatic transformation in the region and a complete collapse of the peace process.
Ambassador Kidwa asked for further clarification, and I give him the floor.
After the parliamentary debate in March 2000 and October 2002, the Parliament formally established the Autonomous Republic of Azerbaijan and Abkhazia as the Republic of Georgia, with the corresponding amendments to the Constitution.
Resolution 2003/1 reaffirmed the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara and reaffirmed its support for the organization and supervision of the referendum on self-determination of the people of Western Sahara in accordance with resolutions 658 (1990) and 690 (1991).
The draft resolution was introduced by the representative of Sri Lanka at the 12th meeting of the Committee on 21 October 2003.
Urges all Governments to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur and to respond positively to the requests of the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries in order to enable him to fulfil his mandate more effectively, and in this regard welcomes the initiative of Governments to collaborate with the Special Rapporteur;
Strengthening the resident coordinator system, the United Nations country team and other thematic groups, steadily moving towards synchronizing the programming cycle and streamlining and coordinating processes, creating a United Nations home in many countries, developing a United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and working together to establish effective means of collaboration, such as the common country assessment and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework, and their relationship to poverty reduction strategy papers in an increasing number of countries, are efforts to achieve a goal of strengthening coherence, efficiency and impact on national development cooperation for development cooperation.
Voluntary contributions are made individually, in accordance with the actual operational, mandate and scope of the organizations.
• Central government expenditures by category and use
In addition, publicity for the wider reading of the population is being developed, with the support of international agencies and non-governmental organizations working in Indonesia, a digital version of the Principles has been prepared in Indonesia.
12 noon Press briefing by the Spokesman
They demonstrate that action to prevent natural disasters at the national and international levels does contribute to mitigating the adverse effects of such disasters.
Japan expects the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and other institutions to further improve their approach, for example through a more effective resolution of the forgotten crisis.
There is some uncertainty about the protection of the health of people living in contaminated areas and the measures that should be taken in this regard.
(c) The Economic and Social Council makes such a request.
However, because of the intense controversy within Burundian society, it was left after five days.
They are victims of a large number of violent incidents perpetrated by the regular security forces and armed rebel groups.
This is a new phenomenon that shows that people have been awakened and that it is hoped that, with the help of the justice system, the military will face the fears they have brought about.
(a) Preparation of a list of natural and/or laboratory persons or laboratories that have been accredited to carry out laboratory analyses, toxicology, pharmacy and biology and may be consulted in their territory;
Welcomes the establishment of the Dag Hammarskjöld Memorial Scholarship Fund by the United Nations Correspondents Association, which sponsored the activities of journalists from developing countries during the General Assembly at United Nations Headquarters and urged donors to provide financial support to the Fund so that it could increase the number of scholarships offered to such journalists;
In September 2003, UNFPA hosted a panel meeting of 30 young advocates from 24 countries to identify and formally propose a global advocacy initiative — a global youth partnership to prevent HIV infection among young people.
In the financial base of the Strategic Plan, she commended Denmark for having taken the initiative to prepare a draft guidance note on financial resource mobilization (document UNEP/CHW/OEWG/2/INF/15).
The Working Group discussed the item at its 3rd plenary meeting, on Tuesday, 21 October.
She reminded the Working Group that, since the item was a technical matter, the Working Group needed to consider it at the current session without a final decision.
At the 7th plenary meeting of the Working Group, the Executive Secretary announced that the text of English, French and Spanish, which had been brought to the attention of the Secretariat to the relevant page, was not the official text of the decision of the Conference of the Parties.
For further information, please refer to information on the following web site: Astapgef@unep.org (point “noice board”).
In its deliberations, the Committee agreed that the following criteria should be used for carefully responsible and good management:
The representative of Madagascar also thanked the organizers of the training courses.
Adoption of the report of the Conference (item 212)
No document was submitted under sub-item 16 (c).
Consultants
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
The present rules of procedure may be amended by a decision of the Conference.
The expert briefed the Steering Committee on Protection and Human Rights.
This model further confirms that other departments, offices and organizations of the United Nations system are responsible for providing elements, while the Department's responsibilities are to coordinate, improve, express and disseminate content in close cooperation with media, Member States and civil society partners.
Table 28.14 Resource requirements: United Nations Information Service in Vienna
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
A seminar was held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002 to discuss money-laundering in member countries of the Economic and Monetary Union of West Africa, in the context of the link between money-laundering and the financing of terrorism.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, containing the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and other resolutions and decisions of the United Nations relating to the dissemination of information on decolonization, in particular resolution 56/73 of 10 December 2001,
Considers it necessary to continue its efforts to ensure the widest possible dissemination of information on decolonization and to pay particular attention to options for self-determination for the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Ms. Englisha (Benin) said that the Special Rapporteur had used a “two major gender” presentation in response to the first questions raised by the members, asked whether there were a third gender or whether the Special Rapporteur had merely referred to individual sexual orientation.
Therefore, if a member State makes a request for interpretation of those languages and other languages, the delegation concerned will bear the costs.
WFP provided that basic English knowledge was necessary for various circumstances, while UNFPA provided that English was a practical requirement for all professionals.
The Department of Public Information has produced raw books in various local languages using the network of information centres and services services worldwide and the field office information services.
Benin: Arabic; Chinese; English; French; German: Chinese; Chinese; French; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; English; French; German: Chinese; in Italian; Portuguese: Russian; Russian; Spanish: Spanish: Spanish; and Spanish: Spanish: Spanish
General Assembly resolution 56/242 of 24 December 2001, part IV, para.
c Includes salaries, travel and daily subsistence allowance for conference-servicing support staff and freight and telecommunication costs.
(b) Approve the medium-term plan as a projected framework for 2003-2006 (see document E/ICEF/2003/A/L.7 table 4), including the preparation of regular programme expenditures of up to $151 million to be submitted to the Executive Board at its 2004 session.
17.10 Funding through extrabudgetary resources for networks of field offices, primarily responsible for technical cooperation, has contributed to dialogue with national intergovernmental organizations to advance their normative responsibilities.
The Committee further recommends that effective measures be strengthened to coordinate family and professional responsibilities and promote the shared sharing of family responsibilities between women and men.
The Committee is concerned that inequality in access to the labour market and that women are generally limited to work in the agricultural sector and the informal sector, so their income and wages are low.
She indicated that major actions had been taken to put an end to the spread of the pandemic, including the publication and enactment of the HIV and AIDS Control Act 2002 and the development of comprehensive HIV/AIDS research and control programmes with stakeholders to provide affordable antiretroviral drugs.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
While appreciating the efforts of the federal Government to eliminate discrimination against indigenous women and to achieve their substantive equality, including the forthcoming revision of the Canadian Human Rights Act, the Committee is also gravely concerned at the continuing systematic discrimination faced by indigenous women in all aspects of life.
However, it is difficult to identify the progress made in preventing abuse and violence against women.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure that all forms of violence against women and girls are fully promoted and trained by law enforcement officials, justice and the public.
The Committee is concerned about the incidence of violence against women, including domestic violence.
The Committee also urges the State party to collect comprehensive data disaggregated by sex and age and to include such data in its next report.
Family responsibility has been recognized as an integral part of a more comprehensive approach to social development.
The Slovak legislation on arms and military exports is set out in Act No. 1799/1998 on military transactions, as amended.
These general ideas are contained in annex I, entitled “Overview of general claims” (summary), which is part of the present report and should be read together with the present report.
With respect to invoices Nos. 274 to 275 and 282 to 293, Banesmann provided a copy of the invoices and a certificate of carriage but did not provide a certificate of arrival.
In 195a, SACE's depreciation rate for equipment and machinery was 28.65 per cent of the insurance policy, “value for purchase”.
(b) North Refugee Project contract, SCOP: payment of retention monies (“claim 5”)
This claim refers to the alleged costs of evacuating the employees and their families from Iraq from the amount of Glantre, including travel and communications.
The Panel therefore considered contract losses, overhead/loss of profits, loss of tangible property, loss of funds, other losses and interest, totalling USD 38,234,073.
If the claim is found not to provide these specific items or to be accompanied by a claim statement, the claimant has been informed of such defects and requests it to provide the necessary information in accordance with article 15 of the Rules (“article 15 notification”).
First, security arrangements for the principal subject of the bond need to be made for the preparation of the bond.
At the same time, Cambodia will do its utmost to ensure that its poverty alleviation remains a priority.
Mr. Penjor (Bhutan) said that his country had made progress in implementing the Brussels Programme of Action through the effective integration of seven commitments into national development strategies.
The high-level segment of the substantive session of the Council provided valuable guidance to many developing countries on an integrated approach to rural development, while the operational segment provided a detailed discussion of ways of financing for development operations.
(See http://www.udel.edu/CMS/csmp/globalocs/index.htm#forum).
Convinced that the use of mercenaries in whatever way or the conduct of activities involving mercenaries, whatever form they seek to acquire some legitimacy, they are a threat to peace, security and the self-determination of peoples and an obstacle to the enjoyment of human rights by peoples,
The Chairman announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, Mauritius and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia had joined the sponsors.
Contents
Most of the orders were valid for 31 December 2005 and could be extended.
We will continue our efforts to implement the recommendations contained in the report of the Commission on Human Security.
Finally, the response to human rights violations and to those responsible is to enable them to participate in the work of the Committee and to place it outside the Committee.
We believe that the appointment of a Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Iraq will help to do so.
Let us address specific issues raised in the cluster.
Otherwise, the results of the elections are likely to be legitimized only by the ballot boxes by the political figures available through force.
During the previous year, the strategic and operational plan for 2000-2003, UNIFEM has significantly increased its work in this area.
The strategic results framework contained below will provide guidance for UNIFEM programme options, partnerships, oversight and reporting.
While the support of the United Kingdom and UNAMSIL has focused on strengthening the security capacity of the Government of Sierra Leone in order to prevent the recurrence of the RUF insurgency, concerns about the ability of the Republic of Sierra Leone to preserve territorial integrity have been difficult.
The Panel recommends that the United Nations Mission in Liberia support the implementation of the ban on the moratorium on small arms trade in western Africa as a result of the difficulties in the implementation of the ECOWAS moratorium on small arms in Liberia.
Upon appeal, he was authorized to enter Côte d'Ivoire on an interim basis, provided that he would have a passport to the airport authorities.
Member States, financial institutions and development institutions should support projects to implement United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice.
The draft resolution clearly could be improved in that regard, but it did indeed require the cessation of all acts of terrorism in part.
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that while the Constitution of Morocco recognized the right to work, the right to work was difficult to implement despite the lack of economic level and the lack of practical social democracy.
At the end of life expectancy, estimates of the quality of phenylaceans were inaccurate: the rate of success increased from 90 to 99 per cent implied that a greater error was necessary, thus creating a corresponding reduction in life expectancy.
All concerned must apply these measures.
It was also considered that the overall trend in the geostationary orbit market was the tendency of satellite operators to move from an already operational geostationary orbit region after the end of the satellite's effective life.
Adoption of the report
In UNCTAD, overall, multidisciplinary technical cooperation and capacity development will be undertaken in UNCTAD's field of expertise.
Any regional or sub-offices that may be established by the World Tourism Organization should work closely with the United Nations regional offices or sub-offices, particularly the offices of the regional commissions and resident coordinators.
In the light of the above, it is estimated that the general insurance premiums for the biennium 2004-2005 amount to $77,578,000 and the general insurance premiums administered by United Nations Headquarters for the biennium 2000-2001 amount to $1,808,000.
As a result, the number of potential users of the ODS will increase dramatically.
All three sessions were held at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
With regard to this provision, article 41, paragraph 1, of the Covenant requires States parties to submit reports on the measures taken and on the progress made in the enjoyment of all rights, and on any factors and difficulties that may affect the implementation of the Convention.
Regrettably, since the establishment of the Committee, delays have been very serious.
National policies in this regard should be clearly articulated in instructions to regional military commanders, while allegations of excessive use of force should be investigated promptly by an independent body.
f The Committee considered the situation of civil and political rights in Suriname at its seventy-sixth session without report and delegation.
During the reporting period, the United Nations disaster response assessment coordination (disaster coordination) system facilitated several coordinated humanitarian assistance.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/20), para.
The least developed countries undertake to adopt policies to create a people-centred development path with a view to ensuring the creation of the necessary environment in their countries to eradicate poverty.
Madagascar has established a network of oil, materials, fruits and vegetables production enterprises.
Important commitments under Agenda 21, such as access to safe water, adequate sanitation and clean energy services, and modern energy services, have been made.
We encourage the two countries to complete their common border promptly.
In particular, the participants expressed concern about the current conflict in Colombia, which affected people of African descent and indigenous communities, and called on international and national organizations working to address the crisis.
To assist the Working Group in clarifying policy options, an independent study was conducted and presented at the ninth session of the Working Group (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.5/2003/WP.1).
I would also like to express my delegation's appreciation to your predecessor, Ambassador Matiya Suumakula Kiwanuka of Uganda, for the excellent work he has done during his presidency and for the excellent guidance he has given to our work.
An important element of the proposed reform is the shortening of our statements and the distribution of the long version of the national declaration.
Mr. Bujani (Mali) (spoke in French): Let me join previous representatives in expressing my delegation's pleasure at seeing you, Sir, presiding over the First Committee on Disarmament and International Security.
Emphasizing the temporary nature of UNIFIL,
Also requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to submit, in this regard, an analytical report to the next session of the Working Group on the Effective Implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action on existing regional and international standards and instruments against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to identify areas where additional international standards may be needed to assist the Working Group in completing the preparation of complementary international standards;
Each State Party shall, in accordance with the fundamental principles of its legal system, consider the establishment of procedures for the removal of persons convicted of crimes covered by this Convention within a period specified in its domestic law by a court order or any other appropriate means, within the framework of the basic principles of its legal system:
Such joint investigations may be agreed on on a case-by-case basis without such agreements or arrangements.
There is little change in the position of nuclear-weapon States.
The SBSTA, at its seventeenth session, requested the secretariat to hold intersessional consultations on the second report of the GCOS secretariat on the adequacy of the Global Climate Observing System, immediately following the conclusion of the SBSTA's eighteenth session.
Bearing in mind its relevant resolutions,
Bearing in mind also the relevant recommendations adopted at the 2001 World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined in sponsoring the revised draft resolution.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/58/SR.56).
In India's view, the protection and promotion of fundamental rights and the emancipation of people remains a sacred duty.
It needs to be guided by the parties and the international community to help it grow.
First, while there is a strong normative framework for mine issues, instruments to address unexploded ordnance and explosive remnants of war will greatly contribute to post-conflict mine clearance efforts.
In general, military peacekeeping forces have not implemented large-scale investigations, marking or mine action.
Within the framework of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects, my country will continue to support binding international instruments to manage unexploded ordnance and mines other than anti-personnel mines.
Unexploded ordnance remains a serious humanitarian threat.
Mr. Sattar (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1, entitled “Promotion of the implementation of the United Nations Programme of Action for the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects at the regional level within the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe”, which was introduced by the representative of France at the 13th meeting of the Committee on 22 October 2003.
South Africa's policy on small arms is based on regional concerns and adopting a step-by-step approach to identifying the importance of regional approaches to addressing the problem of the proliferation of small arms and light weapons.
In operative paragraph 4, we have also made a significant change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to further coordinate its collective efforts in human resources development, in accordance with national policies and priorities;
Agreements have been signed with major national awareness-raising campaigns for urban poor partner organizations to support the establishment of such agreements at all levels of government and with sub-part partner organizations such as national professional associations, non-governmental organizations, local governments, among others, in Burkina Faso, Jamaica, the Philippines and Senegal, and the establishment of regional commissions in the Latin America and the Caribbean region.
Subsequently, at its meeting on 31 October 2001, the Bureau of the Council established the Committee of Permanent Representatives serving as the intersessional subsidiary body of the Council, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 7 of the above-mentioned resolution.
We will betray our nations, our peoples and future generations.
The plan was approved by the National Economic Summit and Parliament.
Africa is waiting for a multifaceted response.
States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, as at 1 December 2003 (148)
Negative security assurances are that nuclear-weapon States guarantee the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
Most courts cannot operate and most basic facilities have been damaged or looted.
Training on integrated logistics concepts will also be provided to the concerned.
I would like to commend all those leaders for their valuable contribution to the cause of peace and security in Liberia.
The voters who did not register permanent residence on the date of the election were entitled to vote in the local executive branch located at the place of their final registration.
Similarly, women can learn special educational curricula and be free from gender constraints, which provide education for the development of generic labour skills and education with professional characteristics for students with physical and mental development and special needs.
The current social security model is based on the fact that payment of social taxes is a prerequisite for obtaining most social security.
According to the Law on Social Security, every person who has been living in the Republic of Latvia for the last 12 months is entitled to a State social insurance allowance for persons with disabilities (except for those who possess a code of identity of Latvian citizenship, non-citizens, foreigners and stateless persons).
At present, the amount of the family State allowance paid to children born in Latvia for 1 January 1999 is the first 24.25 Latvia, the second 2.5.10 Latvia, or an increase of 1.2 times, the third foetus 6.8 Latvia or 1.6 times the fourth and subsequent births, or 1.8 times higher.
Disarmament remains crucial for progress in the peace process, in accordance with the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Japan has also financed the United Nations fact-finding mission on this item last year.
The applicable conditions for general legal acts, which relate to the legitimacy of guests in the law of treaties, are entirely applicable to the generally recognized behaviour, in particular the recognition of States.
Specifically, the question is whether a State of conduct may unilaterally modify, suspend or withdraw the act.
Parties referred to gaps and difficulties related to the assessment or possible implementation of greenhouse gas mitigation options.
Requests the Secretary-General to encourage the organizations of the United Nations system to improve their procurement measures, in accordance with their respective mandates, in particular by simplifying registration procedures for vendors already registered with another body of the United Nations system, inter alia, by using the Internet and publishing their procurement information on their websites;
I will revert to this issue later.
My delegation therefore wishes to reiterate its urgent appeal to them to make their best use of their positive impact to promote this goal.
The peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo can be completed only if the other countries of the Great Lakes region are making progress in the democratic transition process.
However, no case could prevent the extension of this new Great Lakes Economic Community to other countries like Uganda and Tanzania, whose interests are closely linked to the interests of the countries of the Great Lakes region.
We note the considerable progress made in the negotiation of the draft resolution on this concern.
In focusing on health and sustainable development, the Plan called on developing countries to provide affordable energy to rural communities, in particular by reducing dependence on traditional sources of fuel for cooking and heating, which affected the health of women and children.
Governments and other stakeholders are invited to ensure that local and administrative reform processes promote the rights of rural women to access resources (particularly land), heritage and financial services and benefits.
Several Member States submitted additional information.
The ministerial declaration of the high-level segment of the Economic and Social Council addressed the important role of rural women at the policy and decision-making levels.
Reaffirms that international cooperation and national action against terrorism should be undertaken in accordance with the principles, international law and relevant international conventions of the Charter;
The debate, under the auspices of Germany, was further in-depth in the Bonn-Berlin process, with a focus on the design and implementation of arms embargoes and travel and aviation-related sanctions.
General Assembly resolutions
It is expected that this visit will be an opportunity to fulfil all outstanding obligations and that the full implementation of self-government arrangements can be carried out with full caution.
Mr. Davis (Australia): Thank you, Mr. President, for convening this open meeting on a question of Australia and, as my colleague from Fiji, which is of great importance to the countries of the Pacific Islands Forum.
We hope that the international community and the United Nations system will be ready to provide assistance to these efforts.
Over the years, Bougainville has been affected by the devastating consequences of the spread of small arms, which have caused social damage to neighbouring Solomon Islands in Papua New Guinea.
New Zealand's support to the Transition Group complements our ongoing commitment to provide other assistance to the people of Bougainville; this assistance is provided through the New Zealand International Development Agency.
However, more efforts should be made.
“The man!
The United Nations has a role in an international system composed of sovereign States.
At the same time, we have increased the education programmes for non-formal, adults and distance education throughout the country.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General to address a question at the time of updating the workload criteria, namely, what level should be set in the number of documents translated into all official languages, in order to ensure the quality of translation of documents in all official languages;
He responded to a number of specific issues, stating that the issue of movement of natural persons was being dealt with through requests for and approval procedures for the negotiation of services.
Procedural, institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters
Israel's repeated calls on the United Nations and the international community to stop its violations and acts of aggression, to ignore the dangers and consequences of such actions repeatedly warned Lebanon, which continue in many cases, terror and torture of Lebanese civilians and causing material damage.
Palau
H.E. Mr. Kete Michel
In this regard, the rules of the international trading system should take into account its own negative impact on policies to address poverty and land degradation.
The Mission is working with the United Nations country team to develop new United Nations Development Assistance Frameworks and to strengthen its monitoring and reporting capacity in the future implementation of socio-economic commitments contained in the peace agreements.
The terrorist groups are closely linked to transnational crime networks, bringing the Algerian authorities to redouble their efforts to impose strict controls on financial institutions to combat all types of fraud and criminal operations.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of Security Council resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2000), 1373 (2001) and 1390 (2002), activities continued in Algeria and other groups associated with Al-Qaida should also be included in the list.
It was pleased that some of its recommendations to that end, in particular those relating to the establishment of aid funds and the development of monitoring mechanisms, had been adopted by other States.
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.25 and A/C.2/58/L.67
Annex to the letter dated 22 May 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Greece to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
A dozen subregional meetings were successfully organized between March 2001 and April 2002, to share experiences, review issues, promote national, regional and international cooperation and identify future challenges.
The main objective of the meeting was to facilitate the exchange of experiences and views among the various stakeholders in the area of ecotourism, particularly those who did not participate in the already held regional preparatory meetings.
I, resolution 1, annex I.
Recommends that the Economic and Social Council adopt the following decisions:
Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Statements under different sub-items may reflect the relevance and cross-cutting nature of issues.
UNICEF Somalia has effectively and strategically mobilized available resources throughout the country, laying the foundations for further development under more stable conditions.
With the establishment of a strategic resource base for a new mission that is aimed at rapid deployment, progress has been made in this area.
The following background information was also provided:
The prevailing view was that the application of legal issues was crucial to insolvency proceedings and that the draft Guide should include information on those issues in order to assist legislators and other users.
Withdrawal of candidates
However, his delegation believed that the decision to retain or delete the attached footnote should be taken in the context of the discussion in chapter V.
The following is the draft strategy prepared to implement the commitments made in Sark for the benefit of delegations.
Member States should be encouraged to make contributions.
Yemen
Belize
The President of the ninth session, after assuming his office, expressed appreciation to the Parties for their confidence in him, and thanked his predecessor, Mr. T. R. Barru, for his efforts during his tenure.
The Conference of the Parties will now be able to consider the performance of these Parties in terms of limitation and reduction of emissions.
(Agenda item 4)
Taking into account the political guidance given by the Millennium Summit, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, a broad consensus has been emphasized on the key role of the Economic and Social Council in the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the system.
These events effectively identified all of us poverty eradication, promote development and ensuring the direction of peace, security and justice.
“Reaffirming the United Nations Declaration on the New Partnership for Africa's Development of 30 September 2002 and General Assembly resolution 57/7 of 4 November 2002 on the final review and appraisal of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s and support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development,
“10. Welcomes with appreciation the initiatives already undertaken at the regional level to arrange for the activities of the United Nations system to bypass the thematic clusters of priority areas of partnership, and in this regard urges the strengthening of such processes with a view to promoting a coordinated response of the United Nations system to support partnerships;
If this amount is not included in the United States dollar, for the sake of comparison, the exchange rate used in this table indicates in United States dollars that is the exchange rate for mid-August 1990 set out in volume 45 of the United Nations Monthly Bulletin of Statistics (April 1991).
Facts and contentions
In particular, it lost the profits of $70,787,684 and 146,724 respectively in six contracts, $758, 48.89 and $12,344.
In addition, if the claim relates to loss of tangible property, the Panel selected 2 August 1990 (the date of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait) as the date of loss, which was the date on which the claimant lost control over the assets concerned.
In addition, KNPC was also requested to pay ABB to third parties prior to the termination of the contract.
(6) Paragraph 2 includes in the context of the present draft articles a number of issues that have been mentioned in the articles on responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts but not addressed.
(c) Special Rapporteur's concluding remarks
(c) In developing this model and taking into account some of its earlier work on the topic, the Special Rapporteur recommends that the Commission consider the following matters:
(12) The damage to the environment and the environment itself and the loss of profits and tourism (para. 174 above, (c) paras. (13) and (14)
The report therefore focuses on results or results, avoiding the emphasis on the negotiation process of those instruments or on the attitude of States in the negotiation process or conclusion.
It was noted that the effectiveness of recognition would vary depending on the type of specific recognition.
Methods of work
Accordingly, the definition of objections should reflect the real intention of the objecting State, rather than the position of the legal effect of the objection to the reservation as set out in the Vienna Convention.
Unless otherwise provided by the treaty or otherwise agreed, the withdrawal of a reservation may begin to take effect on that State or organization only when a Contracting State or a contracting organization receives notification of withdrawal.
In paragraph 505 of the 2002 report, it was noted that the Study Group agreed that the Commission should not address the issue of the creation and relationship between international jurisdictions.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 260-266.
For this argument, see P.H. Imbert, Reservations to Multilateral Treaties, Paris, 1979, p. 288, or Frank Horn, Reservations and Interpretative Declarations, T.M.C. Asser Institution, 1988, pp. 223-224, and references cited.
The Committee considered the sixth report at its 2770th, 2771st, 2772nd, 2773rd and 2774th meetings, from 7 to 11 July 2003.
It also examined the question of the modification, suspension, revocation of unilateral acts, namely whether States could modify, suspend or revoke unilateral acts, as they did.
Some 916 of them have been detained for more than 20 years, and the world is the longest prisoner of war.
However, some concerned officials seem to be interested in restoring services and exploring the possibility of restoring common services in recruitment and health insurance (paras.
The United Nations also has extensive experience in the management of buildings and facilities and conference services and can be used for the reference to common services at the Vienna International Centre.
On 7 December 1983, A/C.5/387.
However, the United Nations could, in collaboration with civil society organizations, become more creative, forward-looking and more important in conflict prevention and sustainable peace-building.
Welcoming the participation of a representative of the Mayor of Pitcairn in the Caribbean regional seminar, held in Wali, Anguilla, from 20 to 22 May 2003, and noting his concern about the cases before the Tribunal,
Acting accordingly under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In this case, PIC's soil law is appropriate to indicate the location of the largest area that will benefit.
Please provide a list of assets frozen pursuant to that resolution.
Since 1997, Sea WiFS has also enabled the global measurement of rich land and marine plants, resulting in a baseline survey of the major parameters of carbon into the Earth's atmosphere within a five-year period of the life support system.
(e) All space activities must be coordinated at the highest levels of government to provide scientists with spatial data in many fields of research and application;
However, an increasing number of people increasingly break the silence and act more actively against this policy that impedes the normal relationship with families and Cuba.
Efforts are under way to establish an exceptional rule of law, which could be established as a serious crime within that framework.
Strengthening the capacity of developing partner countries to effectively combat terrorism is one of the priorities of United States cooperation over recent years.
See the responses to paragraphs 3 (a) and 2 (f).
Of 19 financial assistants, eight were deployed to four districts (one General Service, one United Nations Volunteer per district).
The remaining sub-regions are composed of one Field Service and one United Nations Volunteer, with two domestic staff support.
Questions not covered by other items allocated to the Third Committee on the agenda of the General Assembly
Item 12 Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Documentation
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Myanmar (A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1, para.
Report of the Human Rights Committee (resolution 2200 A (XXI))
Young people are bound by legally binding agreements: half of the young couples of young children now in Norway are married.
Women are often reluctant to report rape, particularly in cases of mutual awareness among rape and victims, a further reason for the allegations.
Article 3
This situation has been created in cultural patterns and in the social status of women, but also in low-level jobs that choose labour market needs.
At the same time, rural household registration expenditures are lower (less than 3 per cent) and indicate that rural families may have savings of 800 per month.
The International Labour Organization (ILO) Convention No. 135 (1971) on Workers' Representatives provides that workers' representatives should be protected in the same way as workers' representatives and workers' representatives, as both represent individuals and collective interests that are respected by national legislative principles.
1992-2001 data on communicable diseases (excluding epidemic and AIDS) in Montenegro
Contents
Also expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
Other programmes require bilateral assistance.
Nevertheless, we have not lost hope for changing the situation and Israeli policies, as well as for achieving a just and comprehensive peace in the region on the basis of the existence of two States in Palestine and Israel.
1.2 With regard to the development of legislation that provides for the criminalization of financing or financing of terrorist acts; the adjustment of domestic legislation to bring it into line with the progress report of the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
The specific institutions of law enforcement and defence of the State, namely, the Government of Chile and the police ( paramilitary) are not subject to the general subjective ban referred to in point 2.
Mr. Trinin (United States of America): The United States would like to explain its position very briefly.
The Third Committee adopted, without a vote, the draft resolution entitled “Torture of the Khmer Rouge”.
Japan will continue to cooperate with the Secretariat and the Government of Cambodia in order to establish a special chamber at an early date.
However, there is no reason why a State cannot avoid the reciprocity of responsibility for an internationally wrongful act of an international organization.
I, resolution 1, annex I.
Accordingly, the judges of El Salvador, regardless of the high level, are independent of their cases.
In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar refused to accept the arrangement between Spain and the United Kingdom, which was subsequently reported, called “illegal, politically unacceptable”; according to which the two countries would discuss the application of the European Union's air measures to the Territory and which should not apply to the Territory.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continues to emphasize the costs of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons and promote existing international rules and responsibilities in the field of weapons.
Corrigendum
National reconciliation also requires continued support, in particular support of reintegration and resettlement of ex-combatants and support for electoral preparations.
In addition, human rights capacity-building needs sustained support and there is a need for a well-developed child protection strategy.
These issues constitute a major challenge for young people to play an informal or formal role in forestry.
It is hoped that the regional economic and social commissions of the United Nations will redouble their efforts to promote youth interest in forests.
On behalf of the Council, I welcome Mr. Türk and invite him to take the floor.
Report of the Committee for Programme Coordination (A/58/16, chap. III, sect. B, Programme 8, chap. IV, sect.
I would like to thank members for their cooperation and support in this regard.
The oceans have a huge impact on SIDS.
The fourth meeting of the United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea, held in New York in June, indicated that the Forum was very useful and that the General Assembly, in its resolution 57/141, decided to take the process for a further three-year period.
While all efforts have been made, the problems posed by marine pollution are unfortunately far from being solved.
As indicated in the relevant paragraphs of the report, there are still some specific issues in the area of ocean activity, which require continued and concerted action at the international, regional and national levels.
The meeting marked another milestone in the life of the Convention, which would mark the tenth anniversary of the establishment of the institution.
According to the Attorney-General's Office, the National Human Rights and the International Humanitarian Unit did not investigate such crimes.
Several additional work on the planned strengthening of security guards for premises (the upgrading of television surveillance devices and public broadcasting systems in the light of the glass, garage and roof).
Conclusions
Following the necessary preliminary consultations, the United Nations should arrange for the inclusion in the agenda of the Economic and Social Council of the items proposed by the World Tourism Organization or, where appropriate, the agenda of other organs or bodies of the United Nations, in accordance with the relevant rules of procedure.
The Dag Hammarskjöld Library has opened a special web page for the United Nations website on the implementation of human rights Day activities, which are linked to relevant resources.
The role of national human rights institutions in ensuring the implementation of international human rights treaties at the national level should be encouraged to continue and, where possible, strengthen their collaboration with Governments and civil society organizations.
Any person who has or uses radio or television equipment or any designed or modified electronic means for the purpose of the illegal purpose, has sent or receives a signal only one (1) to three (3) years' imprisonment.
Recalling the results achieved over the last decade, it is not difficult to see that all Member States have the opportunity to express their views on the reform and to make proposals for their reform.
The veto is a flagrant violation of the principle of equal sovereignty among States as set out in the Charter and of the principles of impartiality and democracy.
However, given the position of certain influential permanent members of the Security Council, the Security Council has not taken action against Israel, which means encouraging Israel.
Please describe the activities of Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida, the Taliban and their associates in your country and the threats posed by your country and region.
As indicated in the current report of the Board of Auditors (para.
Taking into account the Board's findings, the Advisory Committee emphasizes the importance of further reviewing issues such as memorandums of understanding, pre-deployment inspections, arrival inspections, verification reports and personnel resources.
“The potential for improving the well-being of young people and creating employment opportunities should be taken fully into account the impact of ICT on each priority factor.
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that paragraph 1 (d) is intended to emphasize that States parties must not be construed to modify their obligations in accordance with their obligations under the international instruments on human rights acceded to.
Human rights defenders protested or sentenced themselves to the application of many States' security legislation by implementing or adopting laws, policies or practices that violate fundamental freedoms and human rights.
As compared with previous national communications, the third report of Parties has been significantly improved in the organization of information and in the report on policy and measures.
They described the steps taken to prepare for ratification of the Protocol, including the necessary legislation.
Fifty-eighth session
The two-day high-level meetings will be held from 1 to 2 September, and the second session of the CRIC will be held from 26 to 29 August 2003.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter and its annex circulated as an official document of the Conference on Disarmament to all Member States of the Conference and to non-member States participating in its work.
Expert Meeting on Measuring Electronic Commerce as a means of developing digital economies
In response to a request from the mandate-holders, the UNCCD secretariat, whenever possible, contributes to the report of the Secretary-General on the thematic report of chapters 10, 12 and 14 of Agenda 21 on land and agriculture, the report of the Secretary-General on institutional procedures for Agenda 21 and other related reports to the Secretary-General to the Summit and its Preparatory Committee.
(d) In addition to the case of appointment, a decision is entitled to be taken in the pre-trial proceedings in other cases.
It prepared draft rules of procedure of the Board, terms of reference of the panel and special contractual agreements for experts serving the Council.
The Commission requested the Working Group to hold a substantive discussion of the issues raised in the preliminary survey of the Secretariat at its fortieth session in October 2002 (A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.94).
One developing country can reverse the upward trend of infection rates even if there are more than 10 per cent of the infection rates similar to Uganda.
But this is not enough.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
The expansion of the UNFPA donor base reflects the broad support given by UNFPA to programme countries that are supported by UNFPA and the shared responsibility of UNFPA and its entire membership.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/21100/Add.30-33, 36-48, 42 and 47; S/221, 140, 24, 25, 32 and 40; S/23370/Add.8, 11, 28 and 39; S/23370/Add.1, 2, 21, 24, 24 and Corr.1, 26 and 47; S/1994/20/Add.8, 49 and 45/12; and S/1995/40/Add.12; and S/1995/40/Add.12; and S/1995/40/Add.4, 47 and 36; and S/1995/40/Add.12;
Fourthly, the military revolution is emerging and arms are increasingly complex and the boundaries between conventional arms and weapons of mass destruction are increasingly blurred.
At the outset, the Management Committee unanimously agreed to this timetable.
This time shows that the time period for the transfer of this responsibility to the Iraqi people should be accompanied by a political process towards the sovereign Government of Iraq.
This could lead to inconsistency and create other issues for business, making it open for the poor to meet information on different ends.
United Nations agencies, programmes and offices, as members of the Group of States, can play a very important role in this regard.
The examination process should be standardized with objectivity and transparency.
If this adjustment is used, reference should be made to IPCC good practice guidance prior to access to the IPCC Guidelines.
This meeting is indeed an unusual meeting.
After this work, we should — and I hope that we can — enter the next stage of the implementation of resolution 1244 (1999), in accordance with paragraph 11 (e) of the resolution, to determine the final status of Kosovo.
Report of the Fifth Committee
At its 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Committee introduced a draft decision entitled “Organization of inter-organizational security measures: an accountability framework for the United Nations field security management system” (A/C.5/57/L.17).
In principle, the Secretary-General's approach to the acquisition of the United Nations Consolidated Building through an initial lease agreement with the United Nations will, at the end of the Agreement, be all of the United Nations;
Environmental and social reports must be verified so as to ensure the credibility of the report.
Consultations with non-member States (IDB.27/20)
The acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey and members of the European Economic Area align themselves with this statement.
Regional and international organizations such as the Asian and Pacific Telecommunication Community, UNDP, ITU, the Asian Development Bank, the United Nations University and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) have made significant contributions to the Conference.
The objective of this joint interregional project is to strengthen the capacity of countries and regions to negotiate with countries on issues and best practices in the following areas: (i) trade promotion and diversification; (ii) greater participation of SMEs in the global supply network; (iii) development and implementation of trade facilitation policies at national and regional levels; and (iv) further use of knowledge management and information and communication technologies in supply chain management.
The cooperation between UNDP and the regional commissions has also improved; however, the Executive Secretary agreed that UNDP should be more actively involved in the work of the Executive Committee on Economic and Social Affairs and the regional coordination meetings to ensure greater coordination of regional programmes and activities in the preparation of the Human Development Report.
Economic development in Asia has an indirect impact on global commodity demand and supply.
Efforts were therefore made to ensure consistency in the policy of the Consultative Group, the round tables and the development framework at the country level.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(v) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa;
Advancement of women [item 110].
(i) Assess the interconnection between culture and development and poverty eradication within the context of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The United Nations system has also developed various emergency humanitarian assistance projects in response to the repeated drought and coffee crises in the regions of Chiang and Managua and the North Atlantic region.
Agenda item 91: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
Also reaffirms that the follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and the twenty-third special session of the General Assembly will be carried out within the framework of the integrated and coordinated follow-up to major international conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields;
Both spouses must be more than 24 years.
Many major issues of concern, such as reform of international financial markets and trade conditions, control of environmental pollution, the risk of global warming and epidemics, migration flows and the eradication of extreme poverty, access to health care, water and food, rapid urbanization, are, of course, governance issues that need international cooperation.
Institutional environment
Report of the Second Committee (A/58/484/Add.2)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/432/Add.1)
Draft decision I was adopted (decision 58/560).
The substance of the proposal is to reaffirm Russia's readiness to issue an advance notice of the forthcoming spacecraft and its object and basic parameters.
4.5 Through joint investment from the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) and the Government of Guyana, projects for poor rural communities have been introduced to focus on development initiatives in rural areas in sections 2 and 3.
However, only 7 per cent of deliveries by women in the interior with the assistance of doctors
It was also noted that the pilot plant produced UDMH, a more efficient and advanced fuel.
United Nations regional commissions
However, the project has greatly expanded its scope over the years, including population trends, international migration flows, smuggling and trafficking in migrants, international cooperation in the management of international migration, the abuse of international asylum systems and the extent of brain drain and its impact on countries of origin.
Online training courses are also an effective mechanism.
Indonesia has been a victim of a number of terrorist attacks, including the most terrorist attacks in Bali on 12 October 2002 and the most recent attacks on the Malian Hotel in Jakarta on 5 August 2003.
To deal with the case, the mission established a counter-terrorism task force.
All components of the broad coalition established in Monterrey are also part of this high-level dialogue — Governments, key stakeholders, other intergovernmental organizations, civil society and the business sector.
Following a comprehensive review of the information provided by some Member States, a revised methodology for countries that have adjusted the scale for the period 2001-2003 with a significant increase in gross national income in United States dollars and the exchange rate (per exchange rate) during the scale base period, following a comprehensive review of the exchange rate between Argentina, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Myanmar, Nigeria, the Syrian Arab Republic, Uruguay and Venezuela, in all parts of the market.
Upon its decision to calculate the data to be used for the scale of assessments for the period 2004-2006 the Committee began to apply the specific methodology outlined in paragraph 1 of resolution 55/5 B.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the long-term financial obligations of the Secretary-General in the implementation of sentences,4 however, it is understood that future budgetary requests for enforcement of sentences will be considered on a case-by-case basis, taking into account the legal, administrative and financial reasons provided for each request;
The Chairman also held several informal consultations.
Confidence-building is a dynamic process.
In accordance with Order No. 134 of 5 May 2000 of the Prime Minister, responsibility for drafting the report of the States of the United Nations human rights conventions was entrusted to a cross-cutting working group coordinated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The Assembly will then provide more detailed reports, reflecting not only the conclusions of the meetings, but also the discussions.
In favour:
The infant mortality rate is 110 per 1,000 live births; life expectancy at birth is 43.3 years (1995-2000); see United Nations Development Programme, Oxford Press, 2000, New York.
In 1991, the European Community, Japan and Canada facilitated action on a common desire to establish the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms.
During the period from 1 June 2002 to 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library conducted 125 training courses for a total of 631 trainees, including Secretariat staff, mission staff and government officials, interns, non-governmental organizations, depository librarians and visitors.
In such cases, the branch and subsidiary bodies shall inform banks or financial institutions at their headquarters so that a computer system can be established to allow proper follow-up of currency flows.
Draft Anti-Terrorism Act
At the interregional level, special emphasis will continue to be placed on responding to the technical cooperation needs of the least developed countries in the context of the Integrated Framework for Trade-related Technical Assistance and the expansion of South-South trade and export-oriented poverty reduction activities.
The budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and the proposed budget for 2004-2005 maintain resources for language training at all levels, reflecting the importance of language capacity.
5.1 General comments
7.1 Appointment of Federal Institutions Act
It urged the Government to ensure that the higher and advanced education of lawyers and judges fully includes a better understanding of equality and non-discrimination and international norms and norms in that regard.
Currently, such cross-cutting working groups have been established in many cantons of the Federation, as the fight against trafficking in persons can be successful only through close cooperation with various units.
(1) The adoption by States parties of temporary special measures to accelerate the realization of de facto equality between women and men shall not be regarded as discrimination referred to in this Convention or as a result of the maintenance of inequalities or separate standards; these measures should be discontinued after the goal of equal opportunities and treatment between women and men.
In category B, the ratio of women in German staff is 52.94 per cent (17) women and 104 men), in the C wage level (mostly equivalent to intermediate services), and 53.72 per cent (375 women and 323 men).
(a) Persons with dependent children contribute to society as a whole.
With regard to women's participation in cultural life, add the following:
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in all matters relating to marriage and family relations and, in particular, ensure that women are based on equality between men and women:
Full-time employees of manufacturing*
We are very concerned about the deteriorating situation in the Middle East.
I now give the floor to the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations.
At the present time, Israel continues to exacerbate tensions and thus attack Syrian territory.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization
Many international speakers on organized crime and international cooperation mechanisms, in particular:
1987-1994: Assistant Prosecutor in the Tadza region of Ukraine (2.2 million people).
• In accordance with article 500 of the Criminal Code, the person who is unable to identify the actual perpetrators of terrorism shall be responsible for aiding and abetting terrorist crimes.
Official Gazette No. 9 of 21 May 2002.
As to whether the depositary should also inform other States parties of the absence of a reservation, it is a matter of unresolved.
Needless to say, the depositary will become a supervisory agent and may lose the “post authority” character of which it has been established, under the current law, which is wrong under the proposed law.
The Committee therefore urges the Committee to pay greater attention to cases of liability arising from activities of foreign ships, and to the efforts of flag States, registered States, and, where appropriate, port States.
It was also suggested that, in the most recent trends in international law, such as environmental and economic law, there was a growing character of a self-contained system, as the first step committee could comprehensively investigate rules and mechanisms for dealing with possible conflicts in relevant international instruments, followed by the analysis of rules of general international law, in particular the relevant treaty legal rules, to determine their adequacy.
Organizational matters.
In 2001, following the Commission's decision in 1998 to appoint an independent expert on extreme poverty, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights issued a statement on poverty and human rights in order to identify conceptual links between those two issues.
The participants concluded that greater efforts must be made to improve the dissemination of information on their mandates and activities.
UPDF withdrew from the Yambio camp and the police headquarters in the town.
He shared the concerns of States, but urged delegations to do their utmost to reach a compromise.
Germany recognizes that the threat posed by terrorism and excessive armaments will threaten international peace and security.
In recent years, most of the efforts to achieve peace in the Middle East have occurred outside the Council.
In particular, policymakers would like to ensure that there is enough researchers to meet the increased needs of countries to expand their scientific capacities and to focus more on knowledge.
Article 1
Noting that the majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
Informal consultations on agenda item 52 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
The two-year cycle will be determined at each policy session.
Policy paper by the Secretary-General
Recognizing also the important role of new technologies and emerging technologies in enhancing national productivity and competitiveness, and, inter alia, capacity-building and measures to promote the transfer and diffusion of technologies to developing countries and the public awareness of science and technology,
Parties and parties to armed conflict shall take all feasible precautions in the region under their control affected by explosive remnants of war to free civilian populations, civilian individuals and civilian objects from the dangers and effects of ERW.
The scheduled explosive ordnance should be tested on a regular basis, as appropriate, to ensure that munitions are expected.
Welcoming also the active process of reviewing the Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, held in New York from 8 to 19 April 2002,
Trade and development
While we strongly pursue the fight against terrorism, it is also necessary to ensure the dignity and fundamental freedoms of individuals and to ensure that democratic processes and due process are not being violated.
Such reports help sanctions committees to measure the extent of compliance with sanctions and to identify the technical assistance needed to improve national implementation.
In 2002, the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States continued its efforts to mainstream the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 in the programme of work of United Nations agencies, funds and programmes.
Audit management
Draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.8 and A/C.2/58/L.49
The policy of using staff resources as one of the multi-tribal lines implemented by UNHCR (see para. 19 above), including the use of such policies between OCHA and the Office of Human Resources Management to meet the needs of OCHA staff in large or complex emergencies, while drawing from United Nations reserve staff, including high-level reserve staff.
This enables WHO to be fully qualified to benefit from the World Bank in subsequent capacity as funding agencies and to coordinate the relationship between the representatives of WHO in Dili and UNTAET from experts seconded from WHO (although this is only a fraction of the overall activities of WHO in East Timor).
Details are provided in the report of the Secretary-General dated 4 October 1999 S/1999/1024.
Sixth session
The Conference of the Parties,
Mr. Robert Mugabe, President of Zimbabwe, was escorted into the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Miller (Barbados): I am particularly honoured to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
The EU's recent emphasis on joint foreign and security policies to stop the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction is a sign of our great desire to work together.
MOTAPM should not contain anti-personnel mines.
He welcomed the report of UNCTAD's concise recognition of the impact of conflict on the development of least developed countries.
The Advisory Group recommended that the ninth session be held in early March 2004.
The role of the regional commissions in providing important technical cooperation services to developing countries was also recognized.
At the time of the impasse in the Conference on Disarmament, I would like to join members in expressing the hope that the Disarmament Commission — the only body that can discuss disarmament guidelines — will always serve as a framework for effective and fruitful communication.
Since the date of nuclear weapons, humankind has been exploring ways to eliminate nuclear weapons.
We see this as an important gesture, which will seriously launch practical ways and means to achieve nuclear disarmament.
The first speaker is the representative of Greece, a member of the European Union.
Unlike the Ottawa Convention, it is not a comprehensive ban on landmines, but its way forward has received broad support from the main users of mines and the major producers.
At the same time, my Government has sent a clear signal that it does not intend to sacrifice the future and has nominated a diplomat who holds an important post in Oai (Ministry of Foreign Affairs).
The Government of the Congo believes that the draft model legislative provisions of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects represent progress in the real sense that it will enable States to coordinate their legislation, and that the Government of the Congo is very pleased to decide to merge the Model Provisions and the UNCITRAL Legislative Guide on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects and to retain all legislative recommendations.
Decision on the next meeting, including the date and venue
Recalling further paragraph 102 of the Final Document adopted by the Thirteenth Conference of Heads of State and Government of Non-Aligned Countries, held in Kuala Lumpur from 20 to 25 February 2003, in which it was noted that, inter alia, the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean would continue to hold informal consultations on the future work of the Committee,
Table 11.5 Resource requirements by subprogramme (Thousands of United States dollars)
In addition to mine action is one of the priorities of the Ukrainian peace and security policy.
We believe that addressing the issue of landmines in many post-conflict situations is a precondition for consolidating peace and for rebuilding.
In Guatemala, an administrative coordination unit was established in 1997 to identify mines and destroy unexploded ordnance.
In addition, the representative of Israel announced his intention to cooperate on mines.
Progress in the implementation of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) Initiative is extremely difficult and slow, cumbersome procedures and even the countries that have reached the completion point are unlikely to find themselves at a sustainable level of debt at the end of the process.
UNFPA expects that the implementation of the ERP system will replace all existing systems used by headquarters and country offices.
Training.
Posts.
Document DP/1997/2.
In the last four months of prison, the prison sentence may be performed through electronic monitoring.
UNEP noted that it supported the work done by the Centre for Crime Prevention in the field of crime prevention and expressed its hope that future cooperation on issues of common concern would be pursued.
In view of my responsibilities as President of the Islamic Summit Conference, I believe that it is my duty to inform you of the decisions taken at the meeting so that you can turn to the members of the Security Council so that they take into account our positions in the consideration of the above issues.
If we continue our efforts on the basis of the above basic elements, I believe that we can set a new vision of global security: human rights are respected when countering the threats facing our times — including terrorism.
The remaining reports will be reported in several instalments.
2 The Panel compares the Palestinian “late claims” with the entire category “C” original claims and groups of the total volume: the Kuwaiti, Jordan and Palestinians who have submitted claims by Governments and international organizations.
An important objective of the review was to provide concise and highly general information on a number of issues that were representative to the United Nations in technical cooperation, to assist programme countries in decision-making on technical cooperation and to assist donors in making necessary adjustments in funding decisions.
According to this assertion, the interaction between United Nations technical cooperation providers would lead to a choice, while overall coherence was achieved through the process of country programming.
Also welcomes the ongoing dialogue between the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee and the relevant bodies for the promotion and protection of human rights in the fight against terrorism, and encourages the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee to continue to give due consideration to the promotion and protection of human rights in cooperation with relevant human rights institutions, in particular the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in accordance with Security Council resolutions related to counter-terrorism;
The concept of a culture of peace includes respect for life, full respect for human rights, violence, sustainable human development, conflict prevention and tolerance, pluralism and mutual understanding among States and among other groups and individuals, today, a set of values, ideas, traditional practices and lifestyles covered by the concept of a culture of peace have become an integral part of almost all major initiatives of countries, regions and multilateral forums.
Pledges to the United Nations Development Fund for Women for 2003 as at 30 June 2003
For example, when participating in international military operations, the Norwegian armed forces are not using a potentially highly empty cluster bomb.
Albania, Belgium, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, India, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Korea, Romania, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, the Republic of Macedonia, Turkey, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Czech Republic of Macedonia, the Czech Republic of Macedonia.
Concluding observations of the Committee of the Rights of the Child: Czech Republic (CRC/C/15/Add.201), 2003, para.
In this regard, we welcome the results achieved by these organizations at United Nations Headquarters on 6 March.
A lengthy national report could not be allowed to cover those States that had intended to support and glorify terrorism.
Also calls upon Israel to comply with Articles 100, 104 and 105 of the Charter of the United Nations and the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, in the security of the staff of the Agency, in the protection of the Agency's institutions and in the maintenance of facilities;
former control
On agenda item 107 “Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing”, following resolution 57/167, the Secretary-General submitted a report entitled “Follow-up to the Second World Assembly on Ageing” (A/58/160).
Article 20 establishes the requirement for continuing nationality until the date of the claim, which is related to individuals and should be extended to legal persons on the basis of judicial grounds.
However, there are still some vulnerable employees who are excluded under the ten-year labour market deregulation and are virtually denied the protection of trade unions, although there are allegations of good faith, the conciliation through employment-related legislation has led to a number of confrontations, such as human rights and the environment.
His delegation acknowledged that the ceiling on paid parental leave would limit some fathers to join the programme, particularly taking into account the continuing wage differentials between men and women.
In order to counter pressure from male rights groups, New Zealand has endeavoured to focus on children who are separated from marriage or relationship.
They considered that the Interim Chemical Review Committee had already been able to have sufficient and clear information sufficient to make recommendations by consensus and that all relevant criteria for listing chrysotile asbestos had been met, and that the relevant procedures had been followed.
Table 3. Third instalment category “A” claims corrections
(c) Contribution of the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.45
Resolutions
Macroeconomic policy questions
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
A/C.3/58/L.32 Item 116 -- Right of peoples to self-determination -- 27-Power draft resolution -- Use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the right of peoples to self-determination [A C E F R S]
Long-term private capital flows to developing countries
The increase in the first net inflows was due to the rapid growth in the financial deregulation of industrialized countries and in European dollar markets.
In the 1990s, official “saving” operations became the main international mechanism for dealing with debt servicing, but many were considered relevant to the application of such an approach.
19 Debt relief International, “Implementing the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) II: Meeting of Ministers of Highly Indebted Poor Countries with the Bretton Woods institutions”, 7th meeting of the HIPC Ministerial Conference, Washington, D.C., 27 September 2002.
(h) A common third-party insurance scheme should be adopted at the bilateral, subregional and regional levels;
In paragraph 56 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/387), the Secretary-General referred to the two sets of measures proposed to improve the quality of reports and analyses produced by special procedures and selected appointments, including the development of better guidelines for operational activities and reporting guidelines: and the need to strengthen the Organization's capacity to support special procedures, including the appointment of more senior professionals and the provision of good administrative support.
However, it is interesting to note that 14 women's representatives are currently represented in 99 representatives of the National Assembly, while one of the 6 members of the Royal Advisory Committee is also women.
Currently, the number of secondary schools (II) enrolled has exceeded the existing educational infrastructure.
While there is no parallel plan for women specifically, the Government of the Kingdom is committed to incorporating measures to promote women's participation in development into all plans and programmes to reflect the particular needs and potential of women.
Divorce is not rare, since Bhutan does not, like many other countries, prohibit divorce.
The actions taken to combat such transactions were mixed and sent sex workers to underground, so that they were not monitored and dealt with, and could not provide advice on HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.
Ministry of Education of the Royal Government of Bhutan, 2001.
It is widely recognized that trade liberalization will bring enormous economic benefits.
The first phase of the World Summit on the Information Society, to be held in Geneva in 2003, should help to improve the use of information and communication technologies by all countries and bridge the digital divide.
The final compilation of areas where agreements have been reached and addressing outstanding issues in order to prepare a universally acceptable instrument, in accordance with the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property adopted by the Commission at its forty-third session and in the light of the discussions and discussions held in the Sixth Committee and the Ad Hoc Committee, and recommend the format of the instrument.
Both hotels were occupied by Iraqi forces and were widely destroyed; the second hotel was used as the centre of hostages and Kuwaiti prisoners; and the third claimant hotels were widely burned.
In this way, for example, in the case of three claims filed by persons operating hotels in Kuwait, as described in paragraphs 153 to 154 above, the Panel concluded that, taking into account the nature of the bodies administered in each case, the extent to which significant losses were suffered, the duration of reconstruction and the improvement of part of the rehabilitation, the first and second claimant's claims for 31 March 1991 and 31 March 1992 and the third category of the claimants' claims in January 1993.
1111 Calculation of the internal value of commercial securities and projections of cash flows and reserves should be forecast to determine the expected profits and loss flows through assumptions.
Ibid., paras.
Mindful of the serious threat posed by mines and other unexploded ordnance to the safety, health and life of the local civilian population and of the personnel of humanitarian, peacekeeping and recovery programmes and operations,
Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 24 of Security Council resolution 1483 (2003) (S/2003/715)
Iraq has made a great contribution to our understanding and appreciation of laws, science and art, and it is indeed a great contribution to human civilization.
It is clear that this contribution to the Iraqi friends who share their common value with the Iraqi people should be a response to the Iraqi people's own hopes and aspirations.
The gross national income per capita fell to nearly half of 2000.
6 Information received on 16 September 2003 from the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator in the occupied territories (Office of the Coordinator of the occupied territories), para.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Board approve the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003, the staffing levels proposed for the biennium 2002-2003, and approve the projected 2004-2005 projections, taking into account the circumstances described in paragraph 8 above.
Accordingly, the resignation of the resignation of the two United Nations information centres visited by the Office of Internal Oversight Services was the case.
United Nations
Source: Preparation of Spanish education statistics in Spain based on statistics on higher education and science education in the Ministry of National Statistics.
With regard to the overall mortality rate of the population, there were 371,102 deaths in 1999, of which 47.39 per cent were women.
The Network, which is composed of professionals, seeks to promote the special issues of women's health as part of the design of programmes and research studies.
Policies and programmes
Legal amendments to the status cited above
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/14.
They have a grave impact on children.
Undoubtedly, this issue poses a long-term challenge to the entire United Nations family.
In many countries of the world, children are the main victims of armed conflict.
The United States maintains its support for setting 18 years of age as a minimum age for recruitment or use of hostilities by national actors.
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Commends the efforts of the Board in monitoring the implementation of the relevant resolutions of the Council, in particular the following:
* This document is submitted late due to internal consultations.
The public sector can be regarded as efficient when the effects of the public sector, or “effectiveness”, are consistent with the objectives of guiding its functioning.
The Conference decided to proceed.
Operative paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
Based on this view, a comprehensive approach could not yield constructive results.
See also the 2003 Protocol for the Establishment of an International Petroleum Pollution Supplementary Fund, which complements the “third party”.
On 21 June 2003, my Special Representative sent a letter to the Chief Executive to clarify the understanding of our common and individual responsibilities, in accordance with the provisions of resolution 1483 (2003) concerning an orderly transfer authority of the oil-for-food programme.
http://www.cisg.at/1_2992v.htm
Promotion of the enjoyment of the cultural rights of everyone and respect for different cultural identities
Such lessons can be learned from external evaluations, project monitoring and/or knowledge generated by the implementation of the project through the “implementation of learning on the side”.
While awareness-raising and awareness-raising are rare to translate into behavioural change, they can usefully complement and enhance information and actions on other types of interventions.
Recalling the Convention on International Liability for Damage Caused by Space Objects and the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space,
In addition to the area of Bouaké, the Forces nouvelles do not allow military liaison officers to have full freedom of movement; in Mann and Bana, they allow only military liaison officers to enter and enter into control.
Financial aspects
Requests the Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, in cooperation with other relevant international and regional organizations, to assist States in the development of relevant legislation and regulations and to provide additional expertise or technical assistance in the ratification and implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, and to encourage Member States to continue to support the work of the Centre through voluntary contributions to the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Let us strengthen the fight against terrorism.
In an attempt to find a diplomatic process within the Security Council to find a peaceful solution to the Iraqi crisis, Angola has consistently advocated a peaceful settlement of the conflict and reaffirmed that the use of force should always be the last resort.
I would also like to thank Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei for their outstanding work, which is characterized by neutrality and objectivity.
At the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken on the first preambular paragraph and operative paragraph 35 (a), which was retained by 51 votes to 1, with 0 abstentions.
The text of the resolution as a whole was adopted without a vote.
While the Committee wishes to spare no effort to improve the Committee's ability to comply with the Protocol, it is equally aware that the change of baseline data is a serious matter and that it is possible to accept it only if the Committee is fully satisfied that there is sufficient grounds for the future submission of applications.
He concluded by noting that, in the event of both significant atmospheric changes, the environmental impact has made us more reason for our efforts to protect the ozone layer: the faster we have achieved, the less the damage caused.
(ii) In addition to the essential uses to which Parties may approve, all methyl bromide consumption is terminated on 1 January 2007 in accordance with the reduction plan;
The Netherlands has signed a letter of intent to strengthen cooperation with Colombia in a port security programme, including cooperation between the public and the private sector, such as police and port companies.
(ii) The party against whom the interim measure is directed does not receive an appropriate notice of the appointment of an arbitrator or of the arbitration proceedings [in this case, the court may suspend the proceedings before the hearing of the party]; or
It was further explained that the intention of the revised draft would be to allow the Court to have discretion in refusing recognition and enforcement of a particular interim measure, not only to be sure that there was a significant problem, but also to be sure that the issue was the appropriate basis for refusing enforcement and recognition.
It was generally agreed that the formulation of such a clause should avoid unnecessary deviations from the text of articles 35 and 36.
In that connection, the Working Group considered that it should also be left to applicable procedural law.
If a State is less likely to refuse implementation, this is incompatible with the uniformity that the model provisions seek to achieve.
C. Decision 13 - 16 7
Vienna, 17-21 November 2003
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce (“the Model Law”) also lacks specific rules on this issue.
The courts unanimously determined that Internet commodity advertising was only intended to be an invitation (invitario additives) and that a binding contract could be established only when the seller accepted the buyer's offer (an offer).
In the financial intermediaries, the financial police are primarily responsible for the following anti-money-laundering investigations, in accordance with section 5 (10) of Act No. 197 of 5 July 1991 as amended by Act No. 153 of 26 May 1997 by the Monetary Police Unit (in accordance with the authority of the Tax Police) in all regions and provinces, as well as by the supervision authority:
It is very clear that the crime must be committed in the territory of Italy, or in any case it must be within the jurisdiction of the Italian criminal law.
First
(Signed) NUIE BOOB Permanent Representative
At the same time, the fundamental nature of the Special Court as the State Court of Cambodia will not be affected.
The accused Naser Azemi, Gazmend Zeqiri and Freiz Deliu came from the Municipality of Vitina, accused of engaging in terrorist activities, illegal possession of weapons and ammunition and incitement to hatred.
It reaffirmed that the Joint Liaison Group should, where appropriate, invite the secretariat of the Ramsar Convention to exchange information and participate in the activities of the Joint Liaison Group; the SBSTA reaffirmed the relevance of the technical paper prepared by the IPCC on the linkages between biodiversity and climate change and the valuable contribution of the UNCCD, CBD and UNFCCC-related cross-cutting themes and activities, as presented in document FCCC/SBSTA/2002/INF.16, and welcomed the participation of the SBSTA in the preparation of the document;
The University of Harvard (Mold 2003 winter): Professor Robert Kennedy's visit and Professor Philippe Heinman conducted a course entitled “The empowerment of the judiciary”, analysing ways and means at the national and international levels of the implementation of the functions of public law and private law and the review of crimes committed by prosecution officials, and organized a seminar on “Human rights, international commerce, corruption and the rule of law in developing countries”.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Requests the secretariat of the Global Environment Facility, in consultation with the secretariat of the Convention, to initiate a dialogue with a view to more effective follow-up to the guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties to entities of the Global Environment Facility, with lessons learned from projects and programmes financed from the Global Environment Facility, to streamline these guidance and to report on the results of the dialogue to the COP at its tenth session;
It should be flexible as a framework for national-driven actions to address the specific needs and circumstances of Parties and reflect their national priorities and initiatives.
In addition, taking into account the damage caused by the conflict, the Committee on Contributions considered that it would be preferable to apply the United Nations operational rates of exchange, rather than the exchange rate of price adjustments, to prepare the current scale for the country's assessment rate in 2003.
The European Union believes that adjustments to some assessed contributions in accordance with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly should not, in any case, lead to the enhancement of other Member States as provided for in the scale of the Assembly's adoption.
The United States Virgin Islands is an organized, uncomplicated Territory of the United States of America.
Among other things, the Code of Civil Rights lists the rights of due process and equal protection, freedom of expression, association and religion.
One issue of concern for recent years is the Territory's high dropout rate.
He regretted the violation by the parties to the conflict in Burundi of civilian rights and called on the warring parties to seek lasting peace.
In conjunction with the “Montreal International” and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Canada, a senior diplomatic home was seconded to the International Secretariat of the UNESCO Communications Network for a year.
(c) International financial system and development;
Legislation targeting the Gada and the Taliban has been updated on a number of occasions to bring them into line with the exception foreseen in resolution 1452 (2002).
(c) Order of the Emir of the Ministry of Education of 7 January 1979
As a result, OIOS terminated nine of the initial 13 audit recommendations and reiterated four recommendations, three of which were accepted by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Conditions of service and compensation for officials other than Secretariat officials serving in the General Assembly: members of the International Civil Service Commission and Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/C.5/57/35)
In respect of any offence to which this article applies, the State party shall endeavour, in conformity with its domestic law, to expedite extradition procedures and to simplify the relevant evidentiary requirements.
Unless the State party to which the person is transferred pursuant to paragraphs 10 and 11 of this article agrees, no other restrictions on the freedom of prosecution, custody, punishment or of the person's person shall be imposed on the territory of the State to which the person is transferred prior to his departure from the State of origin.
(d) Evaluation and strengthening of institutions, public administration, public finance management, including public procurement, and the private sector;
Each State Party shall provide to the Conference, at the request of the Meeting of States Parties, information on its own programmes, plans and practices and legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
Israel and Palestine must coexist peacefully within recognized borders.
From the perspective of peace and security in North-East Asia and international non-proliferation, North Korea must not be allowed to develop and possess nuclear weapons.
Department
Are there other benefits that contribute to strengthening domestic capacities?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS issued amendments to the 6th edition of the Guidelines (www.unhchr.ch/hiv/96), providing guidance to States and other actors on access to prevention, care and support opportunities in the context of HIV/AIDS.
b The former German Democratic Republic acceded to the Convention on 20 February 1975.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided that the term of office of the members should begin on 21 April from the date of their election.
The revised appeals are still modest, with only $71.5 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure equality between women and men under article 2, paragraph 2, and article 3, of the Covenant.
The Committee recommends that the State party develop specific legislation against trafficking in persons and ensure its effective implementation.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing policy and its federal housing programme and to take measures throughout the country to ensure that home households have adequate housing facilities and equipment.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the land that is transmitted to the generations of the émigrés and to ensure that any expulsion is consistent with the guidelines set out in the Committee's general comment 7.
Non-governmental organizations should be encouraged to make joint statements.
They also contain very useful definitions of terms, such as “bottom-up” or “signature”, which are different in paper and electronic environments.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress and challenges and constraints in achieving the main development goals and targets adopted by the United Nations over the past decade
Activities:
Determining the conditions for Iraqi industrial research and technology development enterprises and providing the necessary support for recovery.
The Arab International Labour Organization believes that all social partners in Iraq, including labour management organizations, businessmen and workers' organizations, must be provided with the following forms of assistance:
- A broad coalition will provide assistance for the development of relevant normative work on radio and television production.
In addition, high-income and middle-income countries are encouraged to contribute to the core resources of UNICEF by increasing dependence on a limited number of donors, in accordance with their capabilities.
Many of them clearly reflect the interface with UNDAF and the UNICEF contribution to the Millennium Development Goals.
The draft decision was adopted.
The FIU therefore promotes training programmes related to the prevention of capitalization and the financing of terrorism through forums, seminars and conferences to the obligor.
With regard to illicit synthetic drugs, in particular amphetamine-type stimulants, we have little knowledge of their production and production, but illegal production has begun to expand from traditional centres in North America, Europe and East Asia.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The Secretariat informed the Committee of Permanent Representatives that organizational and substantive preparations were planned; most outstanding pre-session documentation had been distributed to all members of the Committee and posted on the website of the Committee of Permanent Representatives; the final version of the approved version would be posted on UN-Habitat as soon as possible.
Add the first preambular paragraph
In January-May 2003, official exports reached $28 million.
No one made a statement under this item.
Emphasizes that the primary objective of the introduction of new technologies should be to improve the quality of conference services and ensure timely delivery of conference services at the highest cost-effective levels, and requests the Secretary-General to report on the use of new technologies;
In order to achieve this objective, activities such as the African Development Forum will be pursued, aimed at reaching consensus on important issues in Africa's development and developing a collective vision of Africa on these issues and ways to enhance cooperation between Africa and its bilateral and multilateral partners.
Ms. Gabr said that poverty was a major problem that directly affected girls' education, raising illiteracy rates and thus affecting women's employment, she said that urgent remedies were clearly needed.
UNICEF provides for specific support in national cooperation programmes.
The examples are used only for clarification.
The Council reiterates its intention to continue to examine the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina closely and welcomes the deployment of the EU Police Mission since 1 January 2003.
So long, the “United States-led Joint Command” has been used unilaterally as “the United Nations Command”, and has been abused so far to violate the sovereignty of a United Nations Member State.
I should be grateful if you could arrange for the present letter to be circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 10 and 159.
Commission on Human Rights
These consultations included the participation of the Chairperson in the draft general comment on the organization of multi-year review of the Centre for Equal Rights in Housing, the Economic Equality of Women and the International Network on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, held in Toronto, Canada, from 19 to 20 July 2003.
Figure 2 presents data on export earnings from various sources.
This article sets out the obligation to investigate and prevent the perpetrators of human cloning.
The Joint Fact-Finding Group continued to investigate violence, with the active involvement of the parties.
Human rights officers continued to provide advisory services to the local population.
Geneva, 30 June-25 July 2003
Staff on appointments of one year or more in the Professional and higher categories
Table 1 Comparative gender distribution by department and grade.
The United Nations Development Group reported on this issue to the High-level Committee on Management at its current session and also presented policy principles, objectives and objectives aimed at facilitating spousal employment.
In April 2000, the International Organization for Family Care, a pilot project entitled “Safeterifying women's lives: skilled care initiatives”, was awarded a grant of $88 million for the five-year period of the Bill and Melinda Gates Fund, which greatly enhanced the financial base of the International Family Care Organization.
On 19 April 2000, Mrs. Pôlete Girard, President of the Association, transmitted to the Secretary-General of the United Nations the Charter of International Judges, adopted at the annual meeting of the International Association of Judges, held in Seoul in November 1999.
This is defined as the fact that individuals, families and communities are permanently or temporarily expelled from their homes or lands without having access to, or cannot invoke, appropriate legal or other forms of protection, in violation of their will.
However, recent conclusions from the study on the impact of sanctions presented by the United Nations and other parties have found that these exemptions have not produced such effects.
In order to effectively carry out this function, it is essential that the relevant courts or tribunals provide information on the nature and impact of the Convention and the important role of judicial remedies in the implementation of the Convention.
Article 13 (2) (b) - Right to secondary education
However, self-government must be linked to the public responsibility system, and activities financed by the State are more so.
The Committee considers that corporal punishment is incompatible with the fundamental guiding principles of international human rights law contained in the preamble to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the two Covenants: the dignity of the individual.
Specific legal obligations
In particular, international financial institutions, in particular the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, should focus more on protecting the right to health in their lending policies, credit agreements and structural adjustment programmes.
The national indigenous peoples provide resources to assist them in the design, supply and management of water resources; the availability of adequate water for nomadic peoples in their traditional or designated habitat areas; refugees, asylum-seekers, internally displaced persons and returnees, whether in refugee camps or in urban and rural areas.
The State party's intervention in the right to water could constitute a breach of its obligation.
National ombudsmen, human rights commissions and similar institutions should be allowed to deal with cases of violation of the right to water.
“The Committee wishes to reiterate its willingness to assist States parties in fulfilling their reporting obligations.
States parties generally have indicated the means set out in their legal systems to declare a state of emergency and the applicable provisions of the law of derogation.
Article 19
In order to meet the specific provisions of paragraph 3 (a), an offence may be raised orally or in writing, but it must be clarified on the law and facts it is based.
In interpreting the scope of permissible limitations, the State party should aim at protecting the rights guaranteed by the Convention, including equality on all grounds and non-discrimination, as set out in articles 2, 3 and 26.
In many civil and political instruments, the interaction between many provisions can ensure the objectives of the Convention.
The principle of one vote must be implemented and, within the framework of each national electoral system, the vote of the polling person shall be equal.
The State party must provide information to enable the Committee to assess the impact of any laws and practices that may interfere with the enjoyment by women of other rights protected under articles 17 on an equal basis with men.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights also provides for the right of peoples to self-determination, in addition to the right of ethnic, religious or linguistic minorities to enjoy their own culture, beliefs and practice their religion or language.
In order to ensure independence and effective supervision, national human rights institutions must have adequate infrastructure, funding, including funds earmarked for children's rights in broad-based institutions, staff, premises and no financial control over their independence.
Government departments can only be consulted.
Clearly, in any future decolonization programme, the views of the Non-Self-Governing Territories must be taken fully into account.
We are therefore not submitting it as a formal draft resolution, but rather hope that delegations will have the opportunity to take into account and decide how we can do.
The Committee may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of work for the session.
Address by the delegation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in exercise of the right of reply to the statement made by the Prime Minister of Mauritius in the general debate on 24 September 2003
Requests the Secretary-General, in consultation with Member States, relevant organizations of the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, the private sector and civil society, to prepare a report on the preparations for the International Year of Microcredit 2005, and to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session under the item entitled “Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)”.
Bermuda has three courts, namely, the Magistrates' Court, the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeal.
The Act gives the people of the Overseas Territories, including British citizenship of Bermuda.
At the same time, Bermuda has a high cost of living, with the highest purchasing power in the world.
The average pension income for persons over the age of 54 is USD 11,286.
Bermuda believes that education of high levels of Bermuda's population is a major aspect of its comparative advantage, compared with other overseas centres.
The target audience of these activities will include government officials; criminal law and criminal justice experts; public administrations; practitioners in crime prevention and criminal justice; readers of penal and criminal journals and other publications; officials and members of specialized agencies, judges, law enforcement and other relevant professional groups.
The list should also include assets frozen pursuant to resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2001) and 1390 (2002).
Calls upon all donor countries and countries in a position to do so to substantially increase their contributions to the core/regular budget of the United Nations development system, in particular to funds and programmes, wherever possible, to contribute on a multi-year basis, and emphasizes the need for further exploration of other sources of funding, which are complementary and not alternative to traditional sources;
Takes note of the enhanced collaboration between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions, and requests the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to explore ways and means to enhance further cooperation, cooperation and coordination, including through the adoption of a comprehensive approach, modalities and partnership arrangements for the further alignment of the United Nations funds, programmes and agencies, and the strategic frameworks designated by the Bretton Woods institutions, including poverty reduction strategy papers developed;
Stresses the importance of helping least developed countries affected by conflicts, natural disasters and other humanitarian situations, in order to enhance their institutional capacities and to provide adequate support for the efforts of least developed countries in such situations in the areas of recovery, reconstruction, long-term sustainable development, poverty reduction and peacebuilding;
Recalling also its agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system and its subsequent decision to devote the coordination segment of the 2005 session to the review and implementation of the agreed conclusions system,
Considering also the programme of work attached to the Barcelona Declaration and Declaration of the Euro-Mediterranean Regional Conference, held in Barcelona, Spain, in November 1995, aimed at connecting the Mediterranean Transport Network and the Trans-European Transport Network to ensure the interoperability of the second,
(d) The transfer and introduction of new technologies alone through foreign direct investment and other channels cannot be ensured.
At its 42nd plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council recognized that four persons could be members of the United Nations Research Institute for Social Development for a four-year term of office: Yakin Ertürk (Turkey); Elizabeth Ein (Argentina); Maryna Pavloka-Sirasska (Russian Federation) and Sabamassou (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland).
At its 46th plenary meeting, on 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/27 of 22 April 2003, endorsed the Commission's decision to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the right to adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living and the right to non-discrimination in this regard, and requested the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.
Haiti
(d) Taking note of the Committee's no longer considering complaints by States concerning the following organizations:
Bureau of the Commission on Sustainable Development
Invites Parties that use, manufacture, import and/or export DDT to provide the secretariat with relevant information on the use of the above-mentioned format and the survey questionnaire for six months prior to the first meeting of the Conference of the Parties;
The resources of the Conference of the Parties shall consist of:
The legal drafting group noted that no procedures had been established for this decision-making process.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
• Chile (16 June 1992;
Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network, to prepare guidelines for the discussions at the regional preparatory meetings for the Eleventh Congress;
Five speakers made statements on the theme of the trend towards trafficking in persons, with particular emphasis on data collection, global trends in trafficking, trafficking in West Africa, trafficking in South-Eastern Europe and trafficking in children.
With regard to trafficking in children in West Africa, traditional forms of education for rural children are reported to be placed in urban families, and this is, in some cases, a form of trafficking.
UNITAR workshop on the structure of United Nations resolutions in English and on how to draft and adopt resolutions
There are no indications of new nuclear facilities or direct support for any nuclear activity.
Question of Tokelau
States should not have a tendency to ignore the rule of law in their efforts to combat terrorism.
At its first regular session, in January 2003, the Executive Director presented to the Board, in his report on the implementation of the UNOPS revised budget for 2002 (DP/2003/CRP.3), the final preliminary projection that UNOPS had achieved better results in all its operational parameters.
I. IAEA inspection team
Panel I: The Panel left the Canal Hotel at 8 a.m. to the Al Authorityanna's abandoned site.
Article 19 of the Smuggling Protocol and article 14 of the Trafficking Protocol.
Signature: Ghana (12 September 2003)1
Draft resolution III was entitled “Implementation of the strategic deployment stocks”.
The draft resolution, as a whole, stood at 135 votes to 2, with the adoption (resolution 57/325).
Political discussions are indeed important, and the First Committee remains an important place for delegations to present their views.
We hope that the General Assembly will support the adoption of the draft resolution without a vote, as at the previous session.
With the same clear objectives, our few countries have supported the Organization of American States in calling upon other States in our region to adhere to and ratify the Treaty.
We also believe that the idea of establishing a panel of experts deserves consideration and that, after obtaining the Security Council, the Secretary-General of the United Nations may convene the Panel to carry out specific verification tasks.
Here, it should be mentioned in particular that the Global IDP Project of the Norwegian Refugee Commission would be one of its primary tasks.
Although companies are the main legal persons in the field of diplomatic protection, it is not the only legal person that may need such protection.
The provisions of paragraphs 1, 2 or 3 of this article apply irrespective of whether the arbitration, judicial or similar procedure is relevant to the dispute that is or has been the subject of the conciliation proceedings.
I thank them for all of them on our side and for all they have done for a peaceful solution to the crisis.
However, in order to maximize the impact of JIU on the cost-effectiveness of activities within the United Nations system, it is not enough to improve the quality of the work programme.
The team then returned to the Canal Hotel by one hour.
In accordance with the provisions of annex V to the Convention, assistance was provided in 2005 for the launching of a thematic network of approximately US$ 400,000 for consultants and participants; the organization of the ministerial meetings of the Northern Mediterranean country Parties in 2004 (including consultants, logistical costs and participants); and the launching of a regional conference centre of the United States of America and Central and Eastern Europe, to facilitate the implementation of the UNCCD's travel costs in Annex IV to the Regional Conference ($0,000);
During the continuation of the dialogue on the future of the island, the St. Helena Legislative Directorate issued 13 draft strategic objectives at the end of 2002 to enable the Government to negotiate its new three-year aid agreement with the United Kingdom (2004-2007).
“f) Maintenance of a fixed place of business for the activities referred to in subparagraphs (a) to (e) of any portfolio, provided that the overall activity of the fixed place was the preparatory or complementary nature of the activity resulting from the association of such activities.
The Government of Hungary believes that the present report and the previous reports will assist the Committee in assessing the action taken by Member States and proposing proposals to improve the current measures for consideration by the Security Council.
(2) The seizure of a large amount of assets or property for the purpose described in subparagraph (a) and the return of the assets or property or property to the conditions of exchange would be punishable under subsection (1) to governmental or international organizations.
The Federation of Women's Clubs of the Republic of Korea, Seoul, launched a `Gender Equality Online Monitoring Group', reporting on sexual harassment and gender discrimination on the Internet.
The amount of a one-time subsidy is determined by the Minister of Labour on an annual basis.
The proportion of women in agriculture remained higher than 50 per cent in 1990 and 51.6 per cent in 1998, and 51.5 per cent in 1999 and 2000 were the main source of labour in the agricultural sector.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (2000).
All acts that lead to change in status, including birth, marriage, divorce, adoption, invalidity, death, registration, transfer, succession of heads of household, are effective only after the report.
In 2002, it adopted a law against organized crime.
Movement against Racism and for Friendship among Peoples
The discussion of the records of this summary record starts at 2.25 p.m.
In the latter case, it will be submitted at the Committee's session?
Ms. Weeks-Brown (Observer for the International Monetary Fund (IMF)) said that the IMF's intention was not to develop a standard but to recognize the standards already established by the international community.
We reaffirm Nigeria's conviction that international law is the basis for inter-State relations; mutual respect and desire for peace are the bonds of countries with large and small.
Corruption is a major factor in poor economic performance and a major obstacle to poverty reduction and development.
The Secretary of the Committee orally corrected the draft programme of work of the Second Committee for 2004.
Agenda item 95
The draft resolution notes with satisfaction the growing collaboration between entities of the United Nations system and encourages them to continue such collaboration in support of the implementation of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
At the special meeting of the Security Council Committee on Counter-Terrorism held in March this year with international, regional and subregional organizations, the Group of Georgia, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Azerbaijan, Moldova presented a summary report of the Group's counter-terrorism activities.
It is the message that this information has led to the emergence of the Millennium Declaration and the various summits that took place in the last few years, including, inter alia, the Monterrey, Doha and Johannesburg Summit.
Following the nomination by the representative of Belize, Jilani (Jamaica) was also elected Rapporteur by acclamation.
The representative of the Department responded that some requests that the allocation of resources between the various language units of United Nations Radio would not be changed.
With regard to agenda item 4, dealing with the least developed countries, he noted that building effective and sustainable capacities in LDCs was a complex issue requiring a long-term vision.
These goals are in line with the international development goals on governance of poverty, and the international development indicators for poverty governance plan to achieve at least 7 per cent GDP growth rates and 25 per cent of GDP.
Turning to the GATS negotiations, she expressed concern that many people were not receiving important public services.
With regard to technical cooperation, the secretariat should enhance the effectiveness of activities and highlight the importance of assessing and implementing the recommendations arising from such work.
Moreover, these steps are not normative.
One member from Latin American and Caribbean States;
Four members of the Western European and other States.
Stressing that South-South cooperation is an important element of international cooperation for development and offers practical opportunities for developing countries and countries with economies in transition to seek sustained economic growth and sustainable development, individually and collectively,
Scheduled official meetings
The Committee will also begin its general debate on Monday, 6 October 2003, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The issues and examples of actions referred to in the present agenda items are described below.
Recalling its resolution 2002/1 of 15 July 2002 on the decision of the Council to consider the establishment of an ad hoc advisory group at the request of any post-conflict African country and its resolution 2002/304 of 25 October 2002 on the decision to establish an ad hoc advisory group on Guinea-Bissau,
In order to combat trafficking and prostitution, the Government adopted a series of measures, the Centre for Gender Equality Information and Policy of the Ministry of Labour and Social Security of Belarus and the Christian Youth Federation of Belarus, with the financial support of United Nations offices in the country, published in November 2001 a brochure entitled “Human trafficking: imagination or reality”.
Unless urgent steps are taken to resolve this impasse, the fragile security situation in the country may further deteriorate.
As indicated in paragraphs 43 and annex IV, the budget estimates for the biennium 2004-2005 for the Fund amount to $5.5 million, of which $429 million is programme resources and $3.3 million for programme support and $4.3 million for management and administration.
The operational costs of the Office are covered in part from the monthly contribution of the Russian Federation to the Foundation (designated for activities in the federal territory of the Russian Federation).
At its fourteenth session, the Committee on Budget and Finance considered the budget for 2004.
Addendum
Other matters
Rapporteur: Mr. Daugh (Ireland)
Takes note of the continued work of the Legal Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space at its forty-second session, as set out in General Assembly resolution 57/116;
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to submit its report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session on the review of the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III;
1 December 2003
(d) In accordance with article 5.2 of the statute of UNIDO, the request for the restoration of voting rights by Lithuania was agreed to by Lithuania;
Noting with satisfaction that UNIDO has provided invaluable support to the Palestinian economy through the implementation of integrated programmes aimed at developing and improving the Palestinian industry sector, in particular the encouraging results achieved during the pilot phase of the project, which began in 2000,
Analysis by the UNCTAD secretariat indicates that Africa's issues are a long-term issue.
Even according to the most optimistic prospects of the world economy, it seems difficult to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
The failure of trade negotiations at the Cancún Ministerial Conference is another matter of concern.
Those working in the sanctions Committee are fully aware that the same name is once again.
We would like to recommend that this should be done more regularly in Africa and elsewhere.
The results of these different discussions should be the reference of the Council to the issues it has assumed.
(d) Increased awareness among criminal justice officials and other relevant personnel, through training, of the obligation to respect the needs of victims of trafficking and the important role of victims in the investigation and prosecution of such crimes through, inter alia, measures:
Ms. Sims explained the difficulty of using the term “indigenous peoples” globally.
Wend Wendland outlined the work and future sessions of WIPO on TK.
He once again met with the senior ministers of government, including the Minister of the Interior, Sar Kheng, the Minister of Agriculture, Hans Sarun and the Minister of Land Management, Im Chhunem.
The proposed programme will require extensive consultations, a well-informed open debate and an active consultant to judges and prosecutors in the future, as well as strong political will to overcome the gap between the “lawful region” and the “real zone”.
With the end of the armed conflict, large land became a highly valuable asset, and it was an incentive for the military to claim ownership of the pre-war sites and areas under control.
The analysis process leading to the development of the Standard Rules was the product of joint efforts by many international organizations and individual experts, including the organizations of persons with disabilities and the monitoring mechanisms of the Standard Rules.
In Australia, the Australian authorities are investigating some of the supporters of selected entities.
While recognizing the differences between States in the legal system, cultural diversity and different stages of development, and taking into account these differences in the drafting of prevention mechanisms, he noted that those differences should not be a reason for reducing the achievement of the objectives of the future convention.
A number of mid-term reviews found that there was too wide scope for advocacy, and it was suggested that UNFPA should have a proper focus at the country level on the selection of specific regions.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has considered the report carefully with the assistance of its experts and has written to the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations to set out its preliminary observations.
Permanent Representative
Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation on the publication of the “road map” for peace in the Middle East
Three of the explosions were killed and more than 200 wounded.
We also support the establishment of the United Nations Mission of Observers to assist in the completion of the transition process and the follow-up to the mandate of UNPOS at the end of this year.
In this regard, the Assistant Secretary of the Women's Division of Foreign Affairs of Argentina made particular reference to the contribution of the United Nations to the issue of women and its rights and needs, citing some important documents published by the United Nations.
In accordance with its statute, the main purpose of the Foundation is to implement initiatives of social interest, such as the promotion of learning, research, culture and assistance, in order to promote the development of a culture of anti-smuggling, especially among young people, and to promote the professionalization of professionals working to prevent and combat organized crime investigations and judicial institutions.
Section 4 Responsibility of ministries, offices and heads of mission
We note the continued work on simplification and harmonization of programming tools and the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, and we hope that these efforts will reduce transaction costs in developing countries and strengthen national ownership.
We believe that the Organization will benefit from a coherent approach to institutional rationalization, optimal use of resources, elimination of duplication, coordination and harmonization, and standards for monitoring and evaluation.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) The peacekeeping military exercise, dated 21 and 28 July 2003 in Francisco, Gabon, was held in May 2003;
E. Judicial cooperation
Appreciation was expressed for the process of preparing the proposed programme budget.
Expected accomplishment (a), after the words “by programme managers”, add the words “in accordance with mandates”.
The Committee is of the view that the repatriation grant to incoming United Nations staff has become obsolete after 50 years, and that the International Civil Service Commission must review this.
The Committee takes note of the objective of the consolidated secretariat of the Chief Executives Board for Coordination to ensure a more coherent and coordinated response to policy directives and mandates of Member States by the United Nations system, and looks forward to the implementation of the relevant parts of General Assembly resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of major United Nations conferences and summits at the national, regional and international levels.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In this regard, the Committee emphasizes the need for CEB to keep under review the issue of inter-agency coordination on NEPAD.
Response to the door-to-door transport questionnaire and responses from States and international organizations to the scope of the draft instrument
For example, it is important to take fully into account the railway dimension.
The experts responsible for the establishment of a web profile presented important recommendations that the General Assembly should consider.
New York
The increase in their pensions varies from the pre-retirement wage and age, with an increase of 37.8 per cent (average of 6 per cent).
(c) Loss of tangible property
The Claimant further asserts that the transfer agreement was signed on 6 August 1990 and that the agreement was not signed solely on the basis of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The D4 claims report related to the review of individual claims for loss of more than $1 million; E1 claim reports related to the review of claims filed by the oil sector; E2 claims to review claims on behalf of non-Kuwaiti companies and other commercial entities; E3 claims reporting on the review of non-Kuwaiti buildings and engineering claims; and the review of the environmental claims for Palestinians with respect to the review of individual claims of the maximum amount claimed for USD 100,000.
Decision on the fifteenth instalment of E2 claims (S/AC.26/Dec.210 (2003)).
UNIDO has established a large-scale three-year cooperation programme with the Islamic Development Bank/ Islamic Investment Insurance and Export Credit Corporation, which will be implemented in four countries (Bangladesh, Sudan, Uganda and Yemen since September 2003).
(a) In Latin America, new activities began in Chile and Uruguay.
Several waste disposal plants have been established in Ethiopia, and work has been carried out in a number of African countries on the optimization of the process ( cleaner technology).
Invites the Working Group to continue to seek the views and comments of all concerned, including Member States, in the preparation of its report;
At the 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of Australia, on behalf of the Bureau, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism” (A/C.6/58/L.19) and orally amended it to add the dates for the next session of the Ad Hoc Committee, from 28 June to 2 July 2004.
Welcomes the important progress made in the preparation of the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism during the meetings of the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 and the Working Group of the Sixth Committee established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/277;
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• A large number of countries that are particularly affected by the problem of small arms and light weapons have indicated that they need assistance not only in the development of import legislation, but also in the development of legislative capacity
(m) The importer must obtain a copy of the import licence of its local authorities prior to their import; and
(f) States may enhance cooperation to exchange information on arms shipments and take measures to ensure the legality of shipments at airports, seaports and border areas;
At the national level, the Division will provide an integrated approach to the implementation of a standard computerized debt management system in both the Ministry of Finance and/or the Office of the Central Bank, who will be trained and assisted effectively in the use of the system.
1 General Service (Other level)
2 P-4 (case manager)
• Working with the Appeals Section and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section to draft complaints documents (article 61, para. 3 (a)) and legal submissions (in particular on evidence and procedures)
The objective of the subprogramme is to monitor and prosecute appeals proceedings before the Appeals Chamber, as shown below:
• A large number of requests for participation and compensation by victims of effective treatment by the Section, without undue delay or difficulties in the proceedings
• General temporary assistance and 16 months (P-2) €733,584
Accordingly, the first half of 2004 would be the time for the Secretariat to build on its capacity.
Participation
The Committee requests the Government of Luxembourg to provide more information on the health status of women, and Luxembourg is conducting studies to obtain sex-disaggregated data in the areas of infant and child mortality, breastfeeding women, prenatal and postnatal care and osteoporosis.
The provisions of this article shall not be interpreted to prejudice the rights of third parties of goodwill.
Without prejudice to the norms of general international law, this Convention does not exclude any criminal jurisdiction established by the State party under its domestic law.
The requesting State Party may reasonably require the requested State Party to provide information on the status and progress of the measures taken to implement this request.
If such agreements or arrangements have not been concluded between the States Parties concerned, they may consider, on the basis of this Convention, mutual law enforcement cooperation against any crime covered by this Convention.
Stresses that the Convention and its implementation contribute to the strengthening of international peace and security, and emphasizes that, in the interests of all mankind, the potential for the use of chemical weapons will be further promoted if the Convention is fully, universal and effectively implemented;
Substantive session
Also requests the Secretary-General to develop measures, where necessary, in cooperation with the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, to prevent discrimination on the basis of nationality, race, religion and language in the United Nations, in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the regulations and rules of the United Nations, and to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
“2. Requests the Secretary-General, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 35/13 B of 3 November 1980, to continue to take all necessary measures for the establishment of the University of Jerusalem, and to give due consideration to the recommendations consistent with the provisions of the resolution;
Strengthening capacity for public administration to implement the United Nations Millennium Declaration
Even though Burkina Faso is also a country of extreme poverty, as measured by the criteria of developing countries, the box below provides information on how the country, with the support of the United Nations system, has made efforts to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
Does your country intercept the individuals on the list at entry points or at the time of transit?
Another speaker said that there was a time for more efforts to promote the wider impact of the work of the United Nations in the world.
Regulatory environment 4
Financial incentives: grants, credit subsidies and preferential price insurance; fiscal incentives: tax exemption periods, reduction or exemption from taxes on profits, capital, labour, sales, value added and exports; and other incentives such as infrastructure subsidies and public facilities subsidies.
In particular, in implementing cluster development programmes, good practices should be borne in mind:
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions has made the same recommendations (A/58/7/Add.5, paras. 7 and 11), which could save time for the discussion of proposals.
The scope of activities during the period is wide.
In the first time of the programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001, the concept of gender mainstreaming was budgeted, as adopted by the Economic and Social Council in its agreed conclusions 1997/2 and General Assembly resolution 52/100 of 12 December 1997, the Assembly called for all services dealing with the programme and budgets, including the Committee for Programme and Coordination, to ensure a clear gender mainstreaming in all programmes, medium-term plans and programmes.
We cannot ignore the facts.
Israel has not stopped destroying property, confiscating land, arresting thousands of Palestinian youths, closing roads, limiting actions and all other measures allowing extremist Jews to enter the Al-Haram Al-Sharif in East Jerusalem.
Expressing its concern at the increasing constraints on the ability of the Organization to provide assistance and protection to civilians, as provided for in the Charter of the United Nations, for humanitarian personnel, United Nations personnel and their associated personnel as a result of attacks and threats,
Emphasizing that results-based management is a requirement for the full implementation of the Tribunal's work, the Tribunal's work should lead to the desired results in due consideration of the completion strategy.
(k) Participation in the activities of the United Nations system: annual statements by the President to the General Assembly; participation in meetings of the United Nations system on the role of the Tribunal.
Five other cases involved seven accused; the cases were one accused in the Suleimanza case, one in the Nyiitkea case, one accused in Kamuanda, one accused in Kajelijeli and three accused in the media.
Following the Tribunal's request of 9 July 2001, the Security Council adopted resolution 1431 (2002), which approved 18 ad litem judges.
With regard to other Falun Gong members, the Special Rapporteur also noted that Charles Li, a citizen of the United States, was arrested and sentenced for three years in attempts to interfere with radio and television programmes; that Australian citizens were abducted by the National Security Service of China; Yhui Zhang was sentenced for the preparation and publication of articles on the situation of Chinese Falun Gong members; and 16 for the sentencing of their former office in Hong Kong.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to remind the United States authorities of their responsibilities in responding to hostility towards Islam and hostility towards the Arab phenomenon.
The Special Rapporteur emphasizes the grave nature of these allegations, notes that this has not been the first communication on such incidents, and regrets that the Government has not responded to its communications.
The concept of freedom of information is an important element of the most basic human rights, namely, the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
This year, our country will realize its greatest desire to join the European Union.
We understand that the United Nations must be the base of the global coalition against terrorism.
I am sure that before trying to modernize the United Nations instrument, serious analysis and careful judgement must first be conducted.
The authorities have been established, as is the case with the car accident.
These indicators enable the Ministry of Health or other institutions to monitor national goals and plans aimed at improving reproductive health services and child health.
After the adoption of the resolution, a statement was made by the representative of the United States of America (see A/C.2/58/SR.40).
These tragic events have brought the Special Rapporteur more determined, within his mandate, to make every effort to ensure that democracy in Iraq is firmly rooted in a human rights culture and to bring to justice those responsible for grave and systematic violations of human rights over decades.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.22 and A/C.2/58/L.58
The final guidelines issued in 2004 will provide for the entire period of the mine action capacity-building project (goal 3.2).
The full text of the statements made during the discussion on agenda item 7 is contained in unedited verbatim transcripts (COPUOS/Legal/T.683-685).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should request the Committee of Governmental Experts convened by Unidroit to discuss the relationship between the space assets protocol and the United Nations treaties on outer space in order to avoid discussing the issue at the same time in two forums.
Governments and private creditor associations involved in the Group of Ten Working Group developed a number of model provisions.
The Rapporteur shall review the report and determine whether the information contained therein makes it known or suspected of involvement in money-laundering.
The Panel will complete this task through its continued discussions at its meetings on specific issues selected by the London Group.
In this regard, the establishment of the United Nations pilot project on international radio broadcasting capacity constitutes its rightful place.
Conclusions
With regard to technical assistance and advisory services, these activities are aimed at building capacity in areas such as trade and services, investment, trade facilitation, commodities and external debt.
The President stated that, following consultations of the Council, he had been authorized to make a statement on behalf of the Council and read out the text of that statement (for the text, see S/PRST/2003/18; to be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 August 2003-31 July 2004).
Specific human rights and freedoms
Following a letter sent to Prime Minister Sharon last November, the Secretary-General is still awaiting the Government's reply to the investigation of the death of Mr. Holmes, who is the staff of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
The text of the revised draft general recommendation 4.1 of the Convention on interim measures (CEDAW/C/2004/I/WP.1).
To be held on Tuesday, 14 October 2003, at 10.30 a.m.
Alternative B would have a serious impact on the process.
The web site under password protection was operational in early 2003.
Subparagraph (c)
The mandate of the Security Council to the new United Nations Mission in Liberia must include a strong mandate for the protection of civilians and the promotion and protection of human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
While there are more pressing issues such as poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, Uganda agrees with France and Germany that the issue of cloning in any event will have an impact.
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to promote economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
A large number of institutions have already provided financial assistance, advice or physical support.
“Measures to identify new and innovative sources of funding at the international level, including the private sector, to support the implementation of UNISPACE III recommendations in developing countries”.
By 31 December 2002, only a half G-5 post at Headquarters was responsible for the supervision of the health insurance scheme, and a new post in 2003 should better control the cost of decentralized health insurance schemes in the field.
Of this amount, $1,149,291 was the reserve for 2001 for write-off of outstanding payments to implementing partners for the years 1994-2000.
The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments under the following assumptions: (a) adequate extrabudgetary resources for country-level assessments of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda; (b) Member States are willing to support the establishment of a monitoring mechanism for the Habitat Agenda at the national and local levels; and (c) member States wish to request technical advisory services to respond positively to the technical advice provided and to monitor the Habitat Agenda policies and strategies that have been implemented through programmes and programmes of UN-Habitat.
Administrative support services
Some delegations announced that they had recently taken action to approve legislation to establish or reform procedures for refugee status determination, while others reported steps to facilitate the transfer of responsibility for refugee status to national authorities by UNHCR.
Following the Algiers Conference, the African Union Commission placed the necessary number of ratifications high priority.
Report of the secretariat of the Caribbean Community
The States of the Commonwealth of Independent States have been facing attacks on large-scale international terrorism and extremism, considering that such evil and global threats are indivisible and cannot be protected from the “national building” without concerted efforts.
The Islamic Development Bank has adopted international accounting standards.
3-5 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round table 5 Relationship between the implementation of the agreements and commitments reached at the International Conference on Financing for Development and the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, in particular those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration
48th plenary meeting High-level Dialogue on the Implementation of the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development [104 (b)]
Adoption of amendments to Regulation No. 98: 30 October 20031
There is no criminal responsibility for children below the age of 9.
In accordance with the Criminal Code, criminal responsibility shall be criminal liability for any person engaged in the purchase, sale and any other type of illicit transaction of a child.
Background
There are no multi-purpose and “time relative” problems in the equipment and systems.
Strongly condemns the increasing number of persons involved in humanitarian operations who are subjected to various forms of violence, including, inter alia, murder, rape and sexual assault, intimidation, armed robbery, abduction, hostage-taking, harassment and illegal arrests and detention, as well as attacks on humanitarian convoys and destruction of their property;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 without a vote (see para. 32, draft resolution II).
Goods
Tomuschat believes that the purpose of the treaty to establish a general regime of strict or objective liability is only to deal with extremely dangerous activities.
In this case, however, the injured party is the whole State.
A choice must be made between the laws of the approving State and the law of the State in question.
The “Amoco Madiz case” indicates the Court's approach to measuring damage to the environment.
It is also not possible for the parent company to have voluntary liability.
(i) Act No. 35 of 2003 on the prohibition of money-laundering (5 April 2003), which provides for financial institutions and other industries involved in financial transactions (bank, currency exchange, financial companies, insurance companies, stock securities, loans and real estate companies):
The Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (formerly known as the Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention) is responsible for the following programme of work.
Other operational activities will be carried out, where resources permit, in the areas of criminal justice reform, in particular juvenile justice and prison reform.
The situation in the Middle East
As Chairman of the Committee on Information, I assure you of my full cooperation with all efforts to better publicize the work of the General Assembly in favour of ordinary people.
Culture of peace
Philippines
Recognizing further that crime prevention strategies and actions should be based on broad, gender awareness and multidisciplinary knowledge of proven and successful practices,
General Assembly resolution 56/261, annex, sect.
Claimant's name: Limited Kuwaiti Matt Company
They also called for measures to ensure that armed elements are separated from civilian refugees and that the registration of refugees is improved.
In addition, the Russian Federation agreed with the Secretary-General's statement that it would be preferable to conduct in-depth discussions on globalization to examine specific aspects in a more detailed manner.
International Council of Mining and Metals
2003/21 Provisional agenda and documentation for the second session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
Illicit brokering plays a key role in facilitating the transfer of weapons to those groups that cannot be purchased by legal means; they are subject to embargoed countries and groups, rebels, organized crime elements and terrorists.
My delegation would therefore like to commend your predecessor, Mr. President, Mr. Matatiya Musakula Kiwanuka, Uganda, for the manner in which he led the work of the Committee during the fifty-seventh session.
• Decentralized services
• International Law Institute — African Legal Centre (Uganda)
The World Bank's experience in Andijan in India has shown how the decentralization of SMART (could, ethics, credibility, accountability and transparency) forms of governance is using the Internet to carry out reforms such as the Integrated Information Centre for Citizens' Services and the Digitalization of the Compact.
Calls upon States, international organizations and non-governmental organizations to mobilize all necessary resources and support for the achievement of the goals, strategic objectives and actions set out in the Beijing Platform for Action and further actions and initiatives for the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action;
The coalition agreement noted that, following the debate in the spring of this year in Parliament on the issue of self-government, the Government will take a decision on the establishment of a governmental entity/sector to deal with matters of self-government and the holding of a referendum on self-government.
Improving their conditions has been given top political priorities.
To this end, incentives must be strengthened.
The subsidy programme is the principle of equal opportunities.
The core mandate is to establish a systematic and integrated monitoring and reporting network to provide objective, regular and accurate reports of ongoing violations of children.
Human rights and development
At least one member may be a widely recognized representative of indigenous peoples.
In this regard, the seminar played a significant role, including a British representative, who, in his own words, was personally aware of the true idea of the Anguilla choice of self-determination.
A special compendium of companies on the theme of the Millennium Development Goals has been prepared for the following agencies: UNFPA (Health for Women), Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (Humanitarian Issues), Refugee Commissioner (refugees), UNDP and the Department of Economic and Social Affairs (water and sanitation), UNESCO (primary education) and UNIFEM (Information Technology and African Women).
(vii) Encourage and support increased cooperation and coordination among United Nations entities, donors, civil society and Governments in order to maximize benefits and support gender mainstreaming and the advancement of women.
The discussions discussed how to support the ongoing WTO negotiations on environmental goods and services.
The Group of 77 and China expressed its appreciation for the ideas and expressions raised during the meeting to address these issues, in particular with regard to identifying measures to enhance competitiveness, diversification and value of their products.
The WTO secretariat and relevant international organizations participated in all four meetings, the first meeting, entitled “Regional meeting on competition law and policy in Latin America and the Caribbean”, held in Panama from 21 to 23 March 2002.
As a financial authority, the Bank of Indonesia has asked banks to report suspicious transactions to its banks and to impose administrative sanctions on non-compliance with the reporting requirements.
MAL 16 (3)
The programme is based on an objective and in-depth assessment of the country's needs and recognizes those most effectively met through interregional and/or regional initiatives and exchanges.
This is decided by the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation's general management procedures, which provides that the Executive Director, with the authority and guidance of the Council, is responsible for the overall leadership of the Foundation to provide technical and financial services related to the Foundation.
Ways and means of maintaining outer space for peaceful purposes
Costa Rica
The rules governing registration of objects launched into outer space provided for in the Registration Convention are entirely applicable to aerospace objects.
After two years of discussion, the views of States had been expressed, but it was not possible to explore ways to build new bridges between them.
His delegation wished to reach an international consensus on the matter and would support the Belgian proposal if there was a need to vote.
We therefore believe that the Security Council's formal hearing of views, observations and recommendations on the report of the Council is important.
We hope that the General Assembly's consideration of the report will provide useful feedback on the Council's future improvement of its work.
Annual
Implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights
II
Expressing its grave concern at the fact that the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty has not yet entered into force,4
Notes that the third and possible fourth meetings of the Preparatory Committee for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons should make every effort to submit a report containing recommendations to the Conference, taking into account the deliberations and results of its previous meetings;
A/57/674, A/57/675 and Corr.1 and A/57/723
Welcomes the signature or ratification of or accession by some States and takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention (E/CN.4/2003/80)
The team met with the Director of the Plant and asked matters such as the ownership of the refineries, the adjacent buildings and production operations affiliated with the Northern Gas Corporation (North Gas Company).
The people of Colombia support the Government's efforts to take back territorial control, defend national sovereignty, combat drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption, strengthen justice and promote social development in poor areas and areas of armed conflict.
Australia.
See A/58/219.
The present chapter sets out the process and outlines some potential ideas relating to the content of the voluntary guidelines.
In paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also called for the development of a set of voluntary guidelines to be proposed by an intergovernmental working group.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights noted that international cooperation for development was an obligation of all States, in accordance with articles 55 and 56 of the Charter of the United Nations and the principles established by international law.
Question:
It will be responsible for the effective use of leased air assets to oversee the implementation of air charter contracts; ensuring compliance with established flight standards; liaising with national aviation authorities on air traffic control services, adequate navigation assistance, ground support equipment and services; and arranging flight permits.
Notes
In its resolutions 56/153 of 19 December 2001 and 57/203 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to prepare a comprehensive report on international cooperation, based on the principles of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity, to strengthen United Nations action in the field of human rights, taking into account the views of Member States.
In this regard, however, it was cautioned that in order to be acceptable to States, such laws must be properly balanced with the treatment of special priority creditors, secured creditors and unsecured creditors.
At its 1st meeting, the Chairman made a statement on the organization of work (see A/AC.109/2002/SR.1).
Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2003;
“In addition to the widespread problems faced by developing countries, many of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories, many of which are small island Territories, have experienced difficulties owing to many factors, such as small size, remote location, geographical dispersion, vulnerability to natural disasters, fragile ecosystems, transport and communications, weak local technological capabilities, acute dependence on imports, small quantities of commodities, non-renewable resources, particularly the high-level movement of people”.
I can certainly say that this seminar gives the people of the Pacific a real hope that the United Nations will participate in dialogue with the administering Powers in the search for some lasting solutions.
It was particularly important for the Committee to make a statement by the people of Tokelau, who said that the meeting with the Special Committee had been successful as a result of the “human face”.
These activities will have multiple effects, with the greatest emphasis on the optimal use of resources, planning and implementation of nuclear power plant projects, monitoring their functioning and improving skills.
The Congolese men who are not required to enter the marriage of an alien are also subject to the nationality of the woman.
As infrastructure and other social services institutions have been fully destroyed, rural livelihoods cannot be maintained, and agricultural activities are not possible, while the recent return of millions of refugees has further exacerbated the situation.
As for the second indicator, while the number of Member States' unpaid assessed contributions was significant, it would be much lower at the end of 2002 to US$ 1684 million, compared with $201.6 million by the end of 2001.
The representative of Mexico spoke of the national strategy for development and sustainable development of the country, which was based on the protection of the land and the marine environment.
In addition to television and film, young people will see violence?
UNHCR also provided emergency support to the water supply system in the area of refugee and internally displaced persons in Hargeisa and its surroundings.
Support for proscribed groups
Latin American
Emphasizes the importance of the expeditious entry into force of the remaining protocols to the Convention;
The focus on participatory forest management must not only take into account gender differences in needs and priorities, but also ensure that programmes for the independent enjoyment of women's rights and rights provide women with sustainable benefits from forest resources, while also protecting forest resources.
Draft report of the President of the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties on the preparations for the First Review Conference
Article 8
Step 13: Further developing the necessary verification capabilities to ensure compliance by all parties with nuclear disarmament agreements, thereby establishing and maintaining a world free of nuclear weapons.
Annex to the letter dated 8 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
The observer for the Association of Non-Americans said that discrimination in the administration of justice was not just a problem of poverty, since the middle class of people of African descent or the rich were also discriminated against in the administration of justice.
Movement against Racism and for Friedrich Among Peoples, Mundo Afro, World Alliance of YMCAA
The United Nations will do its utmost to assist Mr. Kouchner and his Government in the implementation of the road map and in the way of peace.
“25. Takes note of the need for further consideration of the question of whether the rights set out in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights are subject to judicial decisions, as well as the need for further development of indicators and benchmarks to measure the progress made by States parties in implementing the rights protected under the Covenant”.
It was also pointed out that the time limit for hard periods was not proportionate to the exceptional circumstances of a security right, namely, that in some cases priority would be given time rather than the filing time (for example, acquisition security rights).
With regard to other issues to be addressed in Chapter VII, some recommendations were made.
An independent assessment of part of the projects and programmes will be undertaken in accordance with agreements reached with beneficiaries and donors.
The most urgent task is to strengthen the Palestinian economy and to lift it out of the long-term dependence and a marked integration of the Israeli economy.
Coordination, programme and other issues
Second periodic report of Morocco (CEDAW/C/MOR/2 and CEDAW/PSWG/2003/II/CRP.2/Add.3)
Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani said that the existence of 35 women in Parliament was not only a victory for Moroccan women, but a victory for women in Muslim countries; it was shared by all women through the expansion of the number.
Provisional agenda for the Ad Hoc Committee
On Sunday, the occupying forces attacked the town of Beit Hanounoun, north of the Gaza Strip, killing Palestinians and destroying property, including several houses.
The reluctance of States to freeze tangible assets such as enterprises or property further complicates the issue.
Of the 272 individuals, there are few known.
In addition to actions not controlled by the list worldwide, they have the opportunity to continue to acquire and manipulate the business assets they hold or to circumvent the measures imposed by resolutions 1390 (2002) and 1455 (2003).
It appears that further challenges are expected to be justified.
The unique forms and causes of the HIV/AIDS-related crisis in Southern Africa and the situation in Iraq have prompted the United Nations to clearly define its humanitarian role and responsibilities in such situations.
The present report sets out areas of progress in the implementation and international support of the New Partnership, as well as challenges and obstacles.
Guam is a duty-free port for facilitating the delivery of raw materials for manufacturing.
Further development of the process leading to the determination of the future status of Kosovo will depend on the positive results of the comprehensive review.
Following a declaration by the Government of the Republic of Serbia that the current form of the document is unacceptable, the Kosovo Serb leadership also maintains a distance to the document.
We now need to support these mechanisms and provide them with the necessary resources.
How can it prove correct to delete the reference to resolution 1244 (1999), the Constitutional Framework and other applicable laws and the original criteria/agree basis as the basis for this important document?
Family forest owners and local communities have always been the first recognized that there are different values and measures on forests.
The ability to carry out the necessary programme functions has been strengthened to improve the effectiveness of advocacy and country programmes in Armenia, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Georgia, Guyana, Jamaica, Kyrgyzstan, Moldova, the occupied Palestinian territories, Papua New Guinea and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
(See table 1).
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/57/L.45 and Add.1)]
Third Committee
The supporters of General Ridos Monon, who are in the capital, are building buses and trucks, with a number of people wearing the house and handcuffs, the closure of the streets, the siege of the Supreme Court and the destruction of property, and the Constitutional Court has ruled on appeal in such violent protests.
These sanctions entered into force on 7 July 2003.
Kosovo (Federal Republic of Yugoslavia/Serbia and Montenegro)
Resolutions adopted
6 May, 15 and 21 August 2002; 14, 15, 18, 23 and 31 October; 13, 17 and 18 November; 15 and 23 January 2003; 12 and 26 February; 20 and 4 August; 14 and 14 May; 14 and 8 May; 4th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 8th, 14th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th and 8 May; 4th, 8th, 8th, 14th, 14th and 8th, 8th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 14th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 14th, 14th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 14th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 15th, 14th, 28th, 15th, 28th, 28th, 14 May, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 28th, 17th, 28th
(Thousands of United States dollars)
The visit was officially launched on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, on 6 June 2003, the Committee held a quarterly review of the travel ban list, and decided to delete the name of two persons from the list of the travel ban and retain the names of three persons who had requested their names to be removed.
Add the following countries to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution:
Recommendation (82)-88
Since the end of the cold war, five nuclear-weapon States have significantly reduced their nuclear arsenals, but other States have not fully complied with their non-proliferation obligations, the proliferation of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons and the possible diversion of those weapons into terrorists constitute a growing problem.
The Russian Federation will support any form of political and diplomatic negotiations to resolve this crisis.
On 31 July, Thailand had completed its loans for two years.
For such a future, Thailand is doing its part and will continue to do so.
(e) Recruitment of the activities of members of terrorist groups to be criminalized;
2-5 March 2004
This phase will start in the first quarter of 2005 and end in the fourth quarter of 2005.
Institutional
UNAMI's core team will lead its operations to provide operational planning for the eventual deployment of UNAMI to Iraq and to coordinate the activities of United Nations agencies and provide guidance to them.
In accordance with paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraphs 1 and 2 (a)) of resolution 1390 (2002), States should freeze without delay funds and other financial assets or economic resources of individuals and entities on the list, including funds derived from property owned or controlled directly or indirectly on behalf of or on behalf of them or on their instructions, and ensure that no one of their nationals or in their own territory may provide such funds, assets or any other assets or resources, directly or indirectly, directly or indirectly, directly or indirectly, directly or indirectly, directly or indirectly, for such for such for such for such as donors.
Kenya is seriously addressing this challenge.
The implementation of the plan will contribute to our common aspirations to strengthen democracy, not only in the sense of rule and domination, but in all interpersonal relations.
We believe that the United Nations must play a practical role in promoting and strengthening global democracy and creating a secure environment for democracy that can guarantee peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The imbalance in the region is not conducive to the creation of full employment to absorb an annual economic active population.
30 November 2003
One solution is to list a clause indicating that diplomatic protection is complementary to the special regime for investment protection or human rights protection, but it is important to adopt a binding decision, such as judicial decisions or arbitration, to provide security on the basis of a special regime.
His delegation was of the view that the best option was to assume civil liability by the operator and that the remaining liability was borne by the State.
The topic of the legal regime for the sharing of losses resulting from transboundary harm arising out of hazardous activities is being dealt with in a reasonable manner as a continuation of the draft articles on prevention.
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
(c) Despite the possible economic downturn and financial crisis during the biennium, space-related industries continued to grow.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: The workshop on trade and environmental capacity-building, organized in Singapore on 16 May 2002, was held jointly with the WTO regional seminar on trade and environment.
Expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
Particular attention must be given to the preparations for the high-level dialogue with public and civil society representatives to be held by the General Assembly.
(Donall Macand Violencela Essaig, Director of Done, subsequently became the convenor of the Working Group.
Eastern Mediterranean Division (not Arabic)
They also stressed the urgent need to address the outstanding issues within the framework of the OPCW, with a view to paving the way for the effective, adequate and non-discriminatory implementation of the Convention.
Most production in developing countries could also be concentrated in some SMEs.
As indicated in document DP/2002/35, UNOPS has completed its implementation.
There is a need for an informed open debate on these issues, as they have broad implications.
The National Forest Programme Services Project, chaired by FAO, has received support from many donors and developing countries.
In the fourth round of balloting (third restricted ballot), Poland had obtained a two-thirds majority of the required members of the Economic and Social Council for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
Additional sponsors
Provisional agenda [A C E F R S]
Endorses the recommendation of the Committee that the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, at its forty-first session, take into account the concerns of all States, in particular developing countries, should:
Any person within the jurisdiction of the United States is subject to serious civil and/or criminal penalties if it is found that there is no freeze on the assets of individuals and entities on the list of specially designated global terrorists or who deal with them.
Does your country intercept the individuals on the list at entry points or at the time of transit?
- Act No. 42/208 on the prevention of money-laundering (e.g. cases involving money-laundering).
Article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention and article 12, paragraph 1, of the Convention invites all Parties to inform the Conference of information.
Economic impact assessment
Kenya introduced legal measures aimed at strengthening general waste management and various waste management activities, including waste collection activities.
Belize has indicated that sea-level rise may have less than 6 per cent of the coastal zone, thus threatening the freshwater supply of its population.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia joined Singapore through the International Court of Justice to deal with disputes concerning the sovereignty of Pedro Branca/Pulau Batu Puth, Medle Rocks and South Ledge.
In view of this situation, deliberate efforts are being made to remedy the deplorable situation with regard to the conservation and management of fisheries and to ensure the long-term sustainability of fish stocks, bearing in mind the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, urging the international community to maintain or restore the fish stocks to the maximum level of sustainable fishing production by 2015.
In 2002, the GEF Council approved the item entitled “National Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Arctic Sea of the North Sea of the Russian Federation-Support”.
Establishment of new inter-agency consultative mechanisms
The Special Rapporteur has repeatedly received reports of mercenary involvement in the armed conflict in Colombia, mainly related to drug cartels, and also with self-defence paramilitary groups and private oil companies.
Secondly, any amendment to the Convention to prosecute mercenary crimes more effectively and internationally wrongful acts, the recommendations and mechanisms that are being developed should be heard from a broad State party.
Within the national context, as a highly closed landlocked country, Burundi has developed an interim strategic framework for the development of the economy and combating poverty.
This dialogue is a major step towards the benchmarks for the normalization and implementation of the Stabilization and Association Process in Kosovo.
My Government supports the process.
Item 128 Administration of justice
As authorized by the Council, the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission provided a wide range of support and services to the United Nations agencies in the process of returning to the country.
Mr. Castro: Members will have a briefing on my full text and on our work.
We have also begun to provide therapeutic treatment everywhere, and we believe that it is playing a role.
Provisional agenda
So far, the Special Rapporteur has not received a response from the Government to the urgent appeal on this order.
Since there is also many expertise on demand reduction within academic institutions and non-governmental organizations, it is essential that UNDCP also mobilize such expertise to support planning and implementation of the comprehensive programme of work.
(Article 3)
Framework document on Explosive Remnants of War
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the following agenda for its fourth session:
(e) Develop strategies to increase access to ICT hardware and software by encouraging and encouraging the use and further development of free and open source software;
At its 7th meeting, the Board heard an introductory statement by the representative of the Division for Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development of UNCTAD.
The President shall speak at the same meeting.
Another participant expressed the view that the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit provided a source of facilities to identify needs.
Others expressed the view that the Preparatory Committee had a clear mandate to elaborate a strategic approach to chemicals management, based on the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit and the UNEP Governing Council decision 22/4 IV, which included a review of coordination matters.
He said that such companies had been involved in capacity-building through training workers to ensure the application of best available technologies, but that such activities needed support from Governments and needed appropriate political and legal frameworks.
This could further enrich the proposal.
In addition, the Charter also provides the Organization with various grounds for peaceful settlement of conflicts from Chapter VI until the coercive measures under Chapter VII.
What we need?
First of all, I would like to express the sympathy of the Government and people of Pakistan for the tragic events of 19 August, resulting in the loss of Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, the United Nations civil service.
They are not only able to provide troops to peacekeeping operations but also to participate in many other ways in which they meet their specific characteristics, their foreign policy and their political arrangements.
Not all threats to international peace and security require United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Table 5.3 Percentage distribution of resources by component
The programme of work has been developed on the basis of subprogramme 3 of programme 3 of the revised medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
Thirty-three African least developed countries are concerned with the outcome of the thirty-third executive session of the UNCTAD Governing Council, devoted to least developed countries.
Mr. Doukros (France) (spoke in French): Allow me also to thank Mr. Morris for his very interesting statement, and I think that his statement contains very important information and figures and expresses a sense of human experience.
Regulation 7.1.4. The audit shall be conducted in accordance with accepted common audit guidelines, except for additional special instructions from the General Assembly and shall be processed in accordance with the supplementary mandates contained in the annex to the present Regulations.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do likewise?
“Welcoming the fact that the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco) is now in force for the sovereign States of the region, which was officially endorsed by the 18th meeting of the OPANAL Conference, held in Havana on 5 and 6 November 2003; and noting the outcome of the Conference, including the Havana Declaration, which was adopted”.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do likewise?
The final report of the Group of Experts on the Illegal Exploitation of Natural Resources of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (S/2002/1146) was issued in October 2002 and was endorsed by the Security Council in its resolution 1457 (2003) and once again raised the issue of the link between the pillaging of resources and human rights violations, while demonstrating the deep roots of war.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur took note of several cases: Mr. Blise Blaree and his family were the subject of persecution by the Congolese authorities, who were subjected to arrest and death; and his two-way detention because he called for MONUC to ensure the protection of civilians.
He expressed his view that the visit clearly demonstrated the Government's intensified cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights.
Legal safeguards in detention procedures
One year later, the United Nations adopted a resolution on small arms, which became a resolution of the Economic Community of West African States on assistance to States to stop the illicit flow of small arms and light weapons and to collect and destroy light weapons.
In short, the embargo has been deliberately violated and has been exhausted.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words addressed to me.
We hope that the Council will present this vision under your presidency, Mr. President, and address this issue in other regional organizations.
We hold regular staff consultations and, on the ground, I mentioned Kosovo, where the OSCE mission is part of UNMIK, which is its pillar.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Interim Chairman of the African Union Commission and the Minister of Government and Local Government of South Africa for their kind words to me.
Senior officials from the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) also attended.
“26. Encourages all Governments, international organizations, including the United Nations, the private sector, civil society and other stakeholders, to integrate a gender perspective in planning and monitoring the common country assessment, the United Nations Development Assistance Framework, poverty reduction strategy papers and Millennium Development Goals reports;
Germany cited its support to the New Partnership for Africa's Development and its recent commitment to other measures within the framework of trade liberalization, debt burden and the Group of Eight African Action Plan.
The delegation of Chile also stated that the future programme of work of the Authority should include studies on appropriate ways to ensure that environmental emergencies are not covered by document ISBA/6/C/12.
By exploring the work of the special procedures, treaty bodies and the Working Group on Minorities, it was found that many problems faced by minorities and persons belonging to minorities could lead to disputes and conflicts without addressing them.
The activities of the Working Group are extremely valuable, not only because of its depth of discussions, but also because it contributes to the changing practices and procedures of the Council's work.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (A/58/229, A/58/127, A/58/327, A/58/334, A/58/338, A/58/334, A/58/325, A/58/329 and A/58/321)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled “International assistance and cooperation to the Alliance for Sustainable Development of Central America” (agenda item 40 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Panama (on behalf of the Central American Group)
On the occasion of the World Summit on the Information Society, the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues will be held in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003.
Human rights questions: implementation of human rights instruments
She asked whether the Commission wished to discuss those texts provisionally prior to the consultations.
There is no legislation.
I, resolution 1, annex I.
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) To invite development partners to complement the funds lacking in emergency multisectoral rehabilitation and reconstruction programmes and to support the reform of the civil service system and the efforts made to harmonize countries.
(c) In operative paragraph 3, replace the words “developing countries and countries with economies in transition” with the words “developing countries, countries with economies in transition and Member States that have no representation or overall representation of women”;
Subsequently, Romania joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Several initiatives currently under way at the international level will be directly or indirectly in the formulation and adoption of a common set of data presentation.
Recent initiatives to develop data-sharing models have undertaken three interrelated projects.
The State Compensation Commission should ensure that compensation programmes are rapidly developed, while the Government should allocate sufficient funds to cover compensation.
The Ministerial Declaration adopted at the Fourth Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization, held in Doha in 2001, confirmed that the movement, placement and clearance of goods, including transit goods, should be accelerated and that there was a need to strengthen technical assistance and capacity-building in the field.
(e) To promote the goal of gender balance in all public offices and to take all appropriate measures to encourage political parties to ensure equal and equal access to all elected and non-elected positions;
Meeting of co-sponsors on the draft resolution on human rights defenders (agenda item 117 (b)) (Third Committee) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Norway)
Noting General Assembly resolution 56/160 of 19 December 2001 and Commission on Human Rights resolution 2002/35 of 22 April 2002,
To this end, efforts are made to ensure that scientific progress can benefit individuals and develop in respect of fundamental human rights,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to continue to review the situation of women and children in Afghanistan and to report to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
UNOCI, the Kosovo Force and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia will ensure that the perpetrators of attacks and killings committed several weeks ago, as well as those who have committed crimes during armed conflict, have been brought to justice.
Encourages the exploration of innovative methods of public and private funding for development purposes, provided that these sources do not create an undue burden on developing countries, and takes note of the proposals contained in paragraph 44 of the Monterrey Consensus on the use of special drawing rights for development purposes;
In accordance with international agreements concluded by Kazakhstan, foreign nationals and stateless persons who have committed crimes outside the country of Kazakhstan may be extradited to a foreign country for trial or imprisonment.
Participants agreed that multilateral trade negotiations needed to be resumed as soon as possible.
The parties must negotiate for a lasting peace to allow two States to live side by side within secure and recognized borders on the basis of the principles established by the Madrid and Oslo between Israel and an independent, viable and democratic Palestinian State.
Certificate of origin;
It also provides data and analysis and summaries of sources and systems that enable the United Nations country team to ensure that results are accountable and lessons learned.
The system is based on results and is concise and better aligned with the UNDP culture of learning and knowledge.
In this case, in accordance with article 31, paragraph 3, of the Vienna Convention, the relationship between the provisions of the reservation to the two contracting parties has not been applied: in this case, the consequences of the withdrawal of a reservation are the extension of the scope of application of the treaty and the provisions covered by the reservation.
In accordance with the resolution adopted by UNISPACE III entitled “The Space Millennium: Vienna Declaration on Space and Human Development”, the mandate of the Action Team is to implement a comprehensive global system, in particular through international cooperation, to manage natural disasters, response and prevention through the use of Earth observation, communication and other air-based services, while maximizing existing capacities and narrowing gaps in global coverage.
Dr. Oscar Arias was awarded some 50 Honorary doctoral degrees issued by prominent colleges, such as Harvard, Princeton, Dalitas, and the University of St. Louis, as well as many of the awards issued by other advanced capitals, including the Honour Luther Lutheran Peace Prize, the Freedom of City, Jacksson, and the Honours of the University of São Paulo.
Agenda item 57
(The unit of measure should not exceed one ten thousandth of the total military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social Solidarity and Families, through its Equal Opportunities Service, is a governmental mechanism for developing strategies and policies in all areas of promoting equal opportunities for women and men and eliminating gender-based discrimination.
In the case of households using wood, coal and fuel for indoor heating, the “Social Programme” approved by the Government of Decision No. 811/2002 decided to increase the heating grant from 250,000 to 300 000/month.
A/47/444, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation.
In Barbados, UNDP shared costs with other parties, developing a regional integrated disaster management strategy for the Caribbean and strengthening the Caribbean emergency response institution.
The important achievements of the United Nations Development Group over the past year included the revision of the Common Country Assessment and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF) in response to General Assembly resolution 56/201.
Table 2 Income received from UNDP and funds administered
Article 67 Method of suspension
Based on this, the Working Group agreed to retain the word “interactive applications” (see A/CN.9/546, para.
Approves the following provisional agenda for the Eleventh Congress, finalized by the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its twelfth session:
(a) Employment: Provide flexibility for determining employment in different locations in accordance with skills and capabilities;
However, it also emphasizes some weaknesses, such as in determining individual objectives and objectives of organizations.
FICSA noted that the private sector's compensation for its employees who were serving in hardship duty stations was much larger than the United Nations staff.
One member maintains that the quasi-State company is not part of the public/non-profit sector, since all other branches of the sector do not include employers involved in profit-making activities.
Most members welcomed the proposed changes to the classification of duty stations.
While members of the Commission and representatives of organizations participating in the Working Group concurred with the proposal for the use of other data-collection methods, representatives of staff associations had advocated that data collection should be completed through field interviews by the data-collection team, in some cases the local payroll commission could decide on other methods if it considered useful or necessary.
Afghanistan, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Belize, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, the Central African Republic, Chile, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Denmark, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Japan, Latvia, the United States of America, Lithuania, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Romania, the Netherlands, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of America, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of America, the Republic of America, the United Kingdom of America, Viet Nam, the Republic of America, the United States, the United Kingdom of America, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom of America, the United Kingdom of America, the United Kingdom of America, the Republic of Tanzania, the United Kingdom of America, the United Kingdom of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the Republic of Tanzania, the United Kingdom of America, the United Kingdom of America, Thailand, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, the United Kingdom of America, Viet Nam
(i) Advisory services: dispatch of missions, at the request of Governments, to promote capacity-building and strengthen national mechanisms to enhance women's participation in development and mainstream a gender perspective in national policies and programmes, with a focus on the effective integration of women into the overall development support mechanism, the promotion of awareness of women's rights and the promotion of the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol;
Amendment to the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal, Geneva, 22 September 1995
www.un.org/Docs/presidency/
[country] general insolvency law should recognize [to accelerate the inventory,] inventory, or netting, in accordance with the payment or settlement systems of other States or similar rules of financial markets.
With regard to the compensability of these costs and the verification and valuation of those costs, the Panel adopted the approach described in paragraphs 108 to 135 of the First “E4” Report, which states that it is a claim that is not reflected in the maintenance costs normally incurred.
These proposals were distributed in the report and discussed during a number of follow-up dialogues during the International Business Forum and during the Monterrey Conference.
There was a long recognition of the need to share experience in practice.
However, the process of expediting the accession of Algeria to international legal treaties on human rights was after the transformation of the multiparty system in 1989.
The movement of the Licorne forces is often hindered by a considerable calm, a reduction in the curfew and a reduction in street demonstrations.
- Nigeria has offered to provide secondary medical facilities;
It is estimated that 5 to 30 per cent of cluster munitions have not been explosive after launching or firing, and they have taken underground or remain on the ground.
Assessment of the implementation of the current workplan
Report of the Secretary-General
Global Environment Facility: Note by the Administrator on the Beijing Declaration of the Second Global Environment Facility (DP/2003/23)
(b) The responsibility of the grantor to compensate for unforeseen depreciation
Takes note of the activities undertaken by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization during the United Nations Year of Cultural Heritage;
The Forum recommended that the United Nations system, in particular UNICEF and WHO, cooperate with Governments and, in consultation with indigenous peoples' organizations, address trafficking and sexual exploitation of indigenous girls with the participation of the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, and urged States to organize rehabilitation programmes for them.
The Forum recommended that UNICEF, UNESCO, WHO, ILO, UNIFEM, UNDP, UNFPA and other United Nations agencies, in close coordination with indigenous peoples, to organize a Latin American conference on indigenous children and youth in 2004 in response to the experience of the Indigenous Youth and Children Subregional Conference held in Quito in 2001.
The Forum recommended that the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, submit to the Forum a report on policies and programmes in the field and participate in the third forum dialogue.
At the same meeting, the following States and organizations made statements on the sub-item: The Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO); Na Koonai, University of Malaysia; and the University of San Salvador; and
Conclusion
Sierra Leone, Uruguay, Costa Rica, Nigeria, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire had ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty; Cameroon had signed it.
With regard to urban security, the Office supported the upgrading of educational facilities at the Brazilian National Police Academy.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
United Nations Fund for International Partnerships
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The related costs are shown under various expenditure: consultants ($422,000), travel ($1,061,000) and miscellaneous supplies, services and equipment ($650,000).
In addition, a large number of investigations in recent years have been conducted in response to UNMIK and the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, where resident investigators are stationed in the Mission, they are implementing the downsizing plan.
Agenda item 15
Reiterates its support for the Peace Agreement and the Dayton Agreement on the Implementation of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995 (S/1995/1021, annex), and calls upon Parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those agreements and expresses its intention to keep under review the implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Requests the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in cooperation with the Force Commander of the Stabilization, to ensure the effective management of the airports of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in the light of the responsibilities of the stabilization forces entrusted to it in Annex 1-A of the Peace Agreement;
Condemns Israel's presence of thousands of landmines in its occupied Lebanese territory, which has resulted in and continues to cause hundreds of deaths and substantial material damage.
Reaffirms all previous relevant resolutions of the Organization of the Islamic Conference.
Recalling its previous resolutions on this issue by the Organization of the Islamic Conference, in particular its resolution 15/5-P (IS) and the important provisions of the Dakar Declaration adopted at the sixth session of the Islamic Summit Conference;
Requests the Secretary-General to follow up on the implementation of the present resolution and to report thereon to the thirty-first session of the Islamic Foreign Minister.
Expresses its concern at the continued erosion of multilateralism in the field of arms control, non-proliferation and disarmament, and recognizing that resort to unilateral actions by Member States in addressing their security issues will jeopardize international peace and security and undermine confidence in the international security system and the foundations of the United Nations itself;
Noting the information provided by the Government of Guinea concerning violations of the border of the Republic of Guinea;
Resolution 61/30-E
Recognizing the challenges posed by the increasing globalization and integration of the world economy and the emergence of strong economic groups and the growing liberalization of world trade;
Taking into account the economic difficulties during the transition to a free market economy;
Recalling its resolution 29/9-E (IS) adopted by the Ninth Islamic Summit Conference;
Recognizing the objectives and principles enshrined in the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference aimed at working together to safeguard and protect the Islamic heritage,
The Conference endorsed the decisions and resolutions of the symposium.
Requests the international community, in particular the relevant United Nations agencies, to undertake active scientific research on sea-level rise and its social and economic impact to protect wildlife in coastal areas and territories of member States.
The Thirty-First Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers (Session of Harmony and Dialogue), held in Tehran, Islamic Republic of Iran, from 27 to 29 March 2003 (28-30 May 2003),
Agenda item 93: Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
Concessions
In addition, the Governor of the Central Bank of Jordan issued a circular dated 9 March 2003 (No. 10/3/33386), emphasizing the implementation of article 93 of the Banking Act (No. 28 of 2000) and of the instructions for combating money-laundering (No. 10/2001 of 5 August 2001) to fulfil the obligation to identify all relevant information in the formal documents.
This preliminary report sets out a broad framework for laws and practical issues related to the prevention of the use of small arms and light weapons violations.
In addition, the European Convention on Human Rights provides protection to members of indigenous peoples, the recent adoption of Protocol 12 has expanded non-discriminatory safeguards.
Noting the rapid increase in the number of deaths, injuries and maimed globally,
At its 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected Mr. Jean de Ruyt (Belgium) and Mr. Nana Effah-Apenteng (Ghana) as Vice-Chairman by acclamation.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on “Strengthening global public health capacity-building” (item 61) by the delegation of China will take place on Friday, 19 September 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
Literacy
Welcomes the establishment of the Constitutional Drafting Committee and the ongoing process of developing a new constitution, and emphasizes the need for the international obligations of Afghanistan to be included in the new constitution and the need to ensure the full participation of women in all preparatory and holding processes of the Constituent Assembly itself;
Members of the Council welcomed the progress made in the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement and expressed satisfaction with the Prime Minister's draft programme for the implementation of the Agreement to the National Assembly, once again expressing appreciation to the French forces and the ECOWAS forces for their efforts and once again emphasizing the humanitarian situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict
See Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.93.I.8 and corrigenda), vol. I: Resolutions adopted by the Conference, resolution 1, annex II.
Duties of the Secretariat
General Assembly resolutions
The Transitional President and the Prime Minister were sworn in the same day and the members of the Government took office on 3 October.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the Security Council mission made the following recommendations: (a) Governments should intensify their efforts to develop the capacity of the Sierra Leone armed forces and police to ensure security after the departure of UNAMSIL; (b) the importance of the coordination of the disarmament, demobilization and reintegration programme in Sierra Leone and other peace-building efforts of the United Nations system, where necessary; and (d) the coordination of United Nations peacekeeping, peace-building and development efforts by other peacekeeping agencies, in Sierra Leone, in the United Nations system, where necessary, as well as well as well as well as well as well as well as appropriate, in Sierra Leone's peacekeeping operations, in Sierra Leone's peacekeeping operations, where appropriate, where necessary, in Sierra Leone's peacekeeping and other areas;
The three delegations of New Zealand, Australia and Canada agreed that the exchange rate changes presented in the report could not be avoided and accepted the reasons for inflation for non-post expenditures, which were accepted as a basis for an increase of $9.9 million for the actual vacancy rate in 2002; however, projected expenditures for 2003 should be presented in the second performance report.
The Commission also urges the Special Rapporteur to draw the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to cases of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, which are of particular concern to her, or to prevent further deterioration, if early action or permit.
The Special Rapporteur is increasingly concerned about the new situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
But this is not the case.
“In 1968 Haiti was expressly authorized to vote after invoking the actual circumstances of paragraph 2 of Article 19, until the Committee on Contributions made its observations.
Agenda item 114: Improving the financial situation of the United Nations (continued)
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Reaffirming further the Declaration on Principles of International Law on Friendly Relations and Cooperation among States in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations,
The increase of 3,022 troops is an integral part of two contingents providing security services in 12 disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration centres.
In addition, air means are needed for the deployment of two highly mobile contingents, each contingent will have the capacity to airlift a company at any operational location.
The key to long-term fight against terrorism is the promotion of mutual understanding and tolerance among civilizations, poverty reduction and inequality, and the eradication of oppression.
Mr. Nesi (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, the acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey and Liechtenstein.
I would also like to congratulate your predecessor, the Ambassador of France, for his very difficult position.
Regrettably, the persistence of weak behaviour in all parts of the world, as in recent cases of more than 120 lives, has reminded us, in a very bad and unusual manner, whether terrorism is how much and how much it is now a serious global issue and it is urgently needed to engage in greater and more effective international cooperation.
The Republic of Yemen is satisfied that the international community is aware of the magnitude of the problem.
We are seeking guidance from the Counter-Terrorism Committee on priority priorities and the way Canada can help as donors and non-members of the Council.
This situation also gives a fresh understanding that political considerations of parties may also be an incentive to propose measures that have a positive or counter-attached impact on local governments.
Commission on Human Rights
• Coordinate studies on issues raised and referred directly to them and to follow up to those bodies;
Part 1: What is social capital, policy relevance, prospects (Coordinators: United Kingdom National Statistics)
Annex I to the letter dated 21 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Venezuela to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Assistance for reconstruction and development of Djibouti
However, the vast majority of countries implementing EU directives did not have statutory rules on the timing of data collection, but some of them have already set standards for the diversion of traditional rules to electronic environments.
The Branch would need to clarify whether access to suppliers' services would be sufficient to determine whether a message had been received or whether it would be necessary for the addressee to obtain data on its computer terminal.
It should be noted that, as noted in the Guide to Enactment (para.
The CIS Council of Heads of State, among other things, supports the joint proposal by the Republic of Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine to declare 26 April as the International Day of Commemoration of the Victims of Radioactive Accidents and Disasters.
I am now pleased to ask the representative of the Russian Federation, Ambassador Leonard Skotnikov.
At its 6th plenary meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report containing the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property (see annex I) and the understandings on certain provisions of the draft articles (see annex II).
Article 9 Anti v.
Article 41 of the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and article 555 of the 1963 Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, all individuals referred to in both articles have an obligation to comply with the laws and regulations of host countries, including the labour laws of host countries.
All funds provided by the Trust Fund for Participation in the UNFCCC Process have been used to finance participation in COP 8.
... Social activity is a continuous process for creating the world.
• Government services;
I would like to conclude by urging the Council to request the effective implementation of the Pretoria Agreement's call for the establishment of a chapter of the National Human Rights Observatory and the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, which is also intended to ensure that the voices of victims receive full and clear attention.
We note with satisfaction that Ms. Motoc, Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, will go to the country at the end of this month.
For example, what role MONUC plays in working with the parties to establish a transitional Government on human rights?
The millions of Afghan refugees still live in neighbouring countries, particularly in Iran and Pakistan, irrespective of the progress made so far.
Chairperson's summary of the general debate (1 October 2003)
Action: The SBI will consider the oral report of the Chair on consultations and recommend conclusions on how to address this issue.
Background: The SBI, at its sixteenth session, its seventeenth session and at its eighteenth session, considered a request from the Government of Croatia to consider the forest management activities referred to in Article 3, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol in that country.
Requests the Secretary-General, in collaboration with the secretariats of relevant institutional stakeholders, to utilize fully the mechanisms of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination, with the effective support of the United Nations Secretariat, a comprehensive report on the implementation of the commitments and agreements reached at the Conference and on the follow-up to those commitments and agreements, with a view to highlighting progress made in all areas covered by the Monterrey Consensus;
(1) Africa should allocate not less than two permanent seats, which should be allocated in accordance with the decision of the Group of African States.
Institutionalization:
(c) Announcements
I would like to draw particular attention to the latest urgent appeal by UNRWA to provide important services to hundreds of thousands of Palestinians.
The Division will provide a more technical interpretation of the constraints on the calculation of assessed contributions.
Expresses its deep appreciation to the Government of Cuba for its facilitation of the convening of the sixth session of the Conference of the Parties in Havana, and expresses its appreciation to it for its generous offer of such good facilities;
In addition, on the same day, the occupying forces killed Ali Talab Al-Ghareer of the eight-year-old Palestinian boy, and injured the brother of the six-year-old Alla, when they were working on the margins of the Rafah refugee camp.
In some cases, the recruitment level below the authorized level takes place at a higher level.
Prior to the development of a workplan, an assessment of the first cycle of the rapid deployment roster, namely, the planning and recruitment phase, the practical implementation of the mechanism and lessons learned.
Are extradition and mutual assistance to some extent subject to legislation?
Subparagraph (d) and (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to pursue discussions with non-governmental organizations and other members of civil society at the national level prior to the submission of its second periodic report.
The internal affairs authorities are responsible for the decision to expel Turkmenistan.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 815th and 4816th meetings, held in private on 27 August 2003 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Decides also that the decrease of $38,000 in the estimated staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2002, as set out in paragraphs 16 and 17 above, shall be applied, as appropriate, in accordance with the paragraphs above;
Documentation
The United Nations and the Security Council have made timely interventions to our countries.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
It should be noted that after 9.11 a number of United States airlines have imposed discriminatory measures against the Arabs (whether or not the United States) and Muslims, such as forced evictions.
No.
The term “electronic record” has been selected and it is considered more neutral.
Question C: Applicability to electronic or other transactions
Article 29. Suspicious and unusual transactions
The Special Rapporteur received extensive information.
In November 2003, the President of Pakistan ordered an investigation into the murder of a young woman named Afsheen Musarat.
By the resolution, the Security Council unanimously decided to establish an enhanced inspection system aimed at the full and nuclear completion of the disarmament process.
The Government and the people of Iran are first concerned that, once war takes place, there is no doubt that there will be a humanitarian catastrophe on the Iraqi people, let alone the outflow of displaced persons and refugees.
The absolute need to emphasize once again that the decisions of the international community contained in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991) to make the Middle East a zone free of weapons of mass destruction must not be limited to Iraq.
Law enforcement actions targeting trafficking at the national and international levels should include elements to address gender bias and corruption practices of the relevant professions.
The Committee first focused on issues such as the composition, working methods, intersessional work and reporting format of the members of the Commission and then adopted its terms of reference as orally revised.
New challenges and threats are emerging.
Mexico once again recognizes its full confidence in the United Nations and addresses international disputes through the use of all the values that we possess and, in particular, by strengthening the values that lead to the Organization.
In this process, we have not only strengthened the verification mechanism, but also strengthened our ability to carry out important tasks — that is to save our world from the scourge of war.
Does this is the allegation by the United States of America at its last meeting — that many States in the world do not agree with the United States allegations — or this is an issue related to the concept of proactive cooperation in Iraq?
The present report discusses how the International Decade and the United Nations Day can help promote and promote South-South cooperation and achieve internationally agreed development goals, in particular those contained in the Millennium Declaration.
UNMOVIC chemical inspection team
The EU reaffirms its support for General Assembly resolution 57/81 entitled “Consolidation of peace through practical disarmament measures”.
(i) Operational (New York):
The Unit has 11 posts, three of which are Professional and eight for General Service staff.
Table 19
The Committee agreed that the implementation of office space should be the top priority and should be completed expeditiously in order to avoid a negative impact on the work of the Fund and on the progress made in project re-engineering.
At its seventh session, the Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues (22-24 January 2003), decided to convene an expert meeting on FDI and development.
The search for balance between budget and other considerations is particularly important.
Ms. Oora Emeta Gradas (Panama)
Expressing concern at the low level of safe and cost-effective detection and mine-clearing equipment and the lack of effective coordination at the global level in the improvement of research and development of relevant technologies, and recognizing the need to promote more and faster progress in this area, and encouraging international, national and local technical cooperation to that end,
Date of insertion
For the full text of the views, see http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/enable/rights/adhoccom.htm.
“Expressing its condemnation of the continuing illegal exploitation of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in particular in the eastern part of the country, and recalling its constant and unequivocal condemnation of those activities as one of the main factors contributing to the continuation of the conflict, and reaffirming the need to stop those activities, if necessary pressure on the armed groups, traffickers and all other actors involved;
“(a) Promotion of new and renewable sources of energy, including the implementation of the World Solar Programme 1996-2005;
It is estimated that the share of least developed countries in world commodity exports has declined from 4.7 per cent in the last seven decades to 1 per cent in the 1990s.
• Governing Council decision IDB.25/Dec.7 on investment technology and promotion offices
At its twenty-seventh session, the Council took note of the preliminary declaration by Colombia on its intention to host the eleventh session of the Conference of UNIDO in Cartagena in 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another ongoing initiative is the Development Information Network, which is the electronic platform to disseminate and share information on experience gained, existing expertise and institutional experience.
Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba
Inter-State disputes and issues should be resolved through peaceful dialogue and negotiations based on equality and mutual respect.
Such measures are in contravention of all laws, principles and norms in the field of global trade that guide international relations and are intended to increase the wide range of commercial and economic transactions between countries.
All of these areas have been affected by the embargo, since, despite many constraints, such as education and culture have been the priority for Cuba's public expenditures.
Despite material resource constraints, Cubans continue to work to contribute to regional and international drug control through sea and air interdiction.
Article 6 of the Banking Agency Act of 1998 includes preventive measures for use by the Government, which limits the fundamental rights set out in article 13 (1) of the Constitution of Namibia and authorizes interference in the privacy of any person in the family, letter or communication in accordance with the provisions of chapter 2 of the Code of Criminal Procedure of 1977 and authorization to enter any premises or search any person.
Accordingly, the net claim of 332 claims settled in part one of the sixteenth instalment was converted to USD 211,284,854.
Geneva, 31 March 2003
