Allow me to emphasize that we will continue to work with them.
Annex
At the 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the President referred to the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on the Status of Refugees.
Thailand
In paragraph 6 of the Commission, the Committee requested the Sub-Commission to consider that no reasonable grounds for any State, in particular the Falkland Islands and other territorial territory, the situation of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including racial discrimination, xenophobia and abuse.
The Sub-Commission also decided to continue its consideration of the item at its fifty-ninth session.
Status
These are also included in the introduction of a detailed land-related database and a number of support for the collection of data.
A common system has been launched by the FAO, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Conference of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).
The study of the five medical programmes on the HIV and AIDS management programmes showed that 36 per cent of the programme had established HIV and HIV/AIDS management programmes, but only 100 per cent of the beneficiaries of the target.
Uruguay
He rejected the wife's conviction that Mr. Al-Qaida was injured.
If he had been prosecuted, any material (e.g. the former police officers to the senior police officers must be carried out on the basis of the evidence.
Since July 1999, he had repeatedly participated in the law.
The list will be sent to the Committee on the Rights of the Child; the Working Group concluded that the freedom of the freedom of the freedom of expression had not been considered in the context of the relevant principles of the Commission's consideration by the Working Group.
The Ministers of the Arab States emphasized the need for the United Nations to play a key role in the political process in Iraq and the need to cooperate with the League of Arab States and other regional actors in this regard to that end.
We pay particular attention to improving the health of individuals, particularly armed forces.
China welcomes the fact that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the Council, to increase the awareness of the HIV prevention of HIV prevention, the establishment of a Special Adviser on the conduct of the police force.
The Committee had before it a letter dated 20 May 2003 from the Government of the United States of America, in his letter dated 20 May 2003 from the Government of the United States of America, the Government of the United States of America in his letter dated 20 May 2003.
In this context, the necessary measures should be taken to ensure the protection of their interests.
The Hong Kong, Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
A view was expressed that, in view of the universalization of creditors, the process of determining the number of creditors in the total number of creditors in the total number of creditors were not appropriate.
The Staff College also used information and communication technologies.
As at the end of the reporting period, a total of 37 staff members were recorded.
IMO
Support
The report is clear that the University is strengthening its cooperation with other United Nations system and increased its contribution to the Organization's activities.
The SBI agreed with the adoption of the provisions of the Convention, without prejudice to the actions taken by the Conference of the Parties.
Statements were made by the representatives of 10 States, which were held on behalf of the European Community and its member States, and on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The SBI welcomes the continued efforts of the President of the two subsidiary bodies, the Chairman of the subsidiary bodies and the Secretariat to promote the participation of observer organizations in the preparations of the workshop.
Following the decision of the Trial Chamber, on 2 November 2001, Mr. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. L.
My delegation is very pleased to thank the President of the Conference on Disarmament.
States parties to the Inter-American Organization:
Brazil and Sri Lanka: amendments to article 8
The Panel finds that the claimant's work on the basis of the provision of compensation for the claimant's work in the amount of compensation for compensation in the amount referred to in the report of the claimant;
Annex
Mr. B. H.E (Switzerland): Allow me to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Security Council and to your success in this month.
Mr. B. G. N.K (Germany): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union.
The question of the establishment of a permanent International Court of Justice in the context of the prevention and punishment of crimes against humanity in the context of the two different organs of the Tribunals, in the early 1990s and the early 1980s.
While we are convinced that a compromise should not be linked to the important international treaty, we still believe that the members of the Security Council must be considered to take action on compromise and understanding that the Council must be able to seek a solution and to seek a consensus.
At its fifty-seventh session, the General Assembly, at its fifty-seventh session, on 22 November 2002, made the majority of the majority of the majority of the members of the United Nations, in which the international community strongly supports multilateralism.
I would like to call for the immediate conclusion of an FMCT to call on the legitimate nature of multilateral documents, which I would like to recall that, in this regard.
Even if United Nations agencies and other assistance providers must be paid to the cost of the purchase of vehicles and premises and security, this is an important source of income for Somalia.
All attempts to manage Somalia have resulted in a large number of financial resources that have resulted in a large number of donors, their share in the past 10 years in the past 10 years, which allowed the private sector to be used to cover the number of people and to make them more than more than some of them.
Paragraph 4: “The purpose of assisting or assistance to conduct an action plan, facilitate, facilitate or conduct of an act of conduct, facilitate or operation of an act of force, shall be punished under specific provisions”.
At the same time, international cooperation on the basis of the action of the International Anti-Money Laundering Action Team.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on the implementation of the World Programme of Action on Disabled Persons:
On 9 October 2003, one Israeli reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace in the north-east of the occupied Shab`a region, and then, in the near-m. to date, to be subjected to Lebanese airspace.
- The Constitution adopted by a referendum.
Efforts to strengthen the education sector
* In accordance with the Convention and the University of Myanmar, the Ministry of Education is unable to obtain a higher degree.
Agenda
However, the events of recent years showed that this Convention has not been complete and implemented, and that it is not fully assessed.
In accordance with the draft resolution, the export rate of the developing countries is still under negotiations.
(g) Measures to combat money-laundering;
Prevention
(d) The largest contribution of the Latin American and Caribbean region)
Annex
There is the highest unemployment rate between women and men in the age of the age.
Samoa's geographical distribution and its good communications system has improved services.
In addition, health services should be given to the concept of “the health” and actively promote health as a property.
Another important aspect of economic participation is women, particularly in small enterprises.
Currently, the trend in marriage is slow, and the first half of the years of age of marriage, which was 27 years of age, which was 27 and 27 years.
C. H.E. S., nutrition and nutrition
My delegation reiterates its decision to comply with the provisions of the resolution and the Constitution.
We hope that the establishment of a road map for all aspects of the mandate will help to identify standards that will be determined to identify the conditions that are not inadequate.
However, we believe that additional measures were made to help control and improve the situation.
At the same time, the high level may be reduced to recent locations.
The General Assembly, in its resolution 57/10 of 3 December 2002, requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the necessary resources to ensure that the Division has continued to continue its work programme of work in all its relevant resolutions, in particular the Division's continued to participate in the meetings of the international community, in particular in all its relevant resolutions, including through further development and expansion of the United Nations system for Palestine, and to the expansion of the United Nations publications.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States of America from its oil-free base to South Africa, and the United States, in the context of a long-term review of the “United States of America” on 8 June 1997 issued a “the “the-year review of the “The defence” in the United States.
Considering that the promotion of respect for the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations and other international law,
Calls upon all States that have not yet done so to accede to the international legal instruments on disarmament and non-proliferation in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation, thus creating the necessary conditions for strengthening peace and cooperation in the region;
Global and regional assessments have been established.
However, they have limited to the current indicators.
In the case of remote sensing in the country or the region, we have seen the second approach, but it needs to be carefully studied.
The mandate of the Mission:
H.E. H.E.
In addition, some participants emphasized that human rights, gender equality and women's empowerment are cross-border nature and that they should recognize their importance to achieve all development goals.
For example, the import of transit goods in Central Asia must be carried out in the transit of the transit of transit goods in the transit of the transit zone and then to ensure that the goods are not prohibited, because of the concerns expressed concern.
The second may be considered by individuals (e.g. the situation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child).
Annex
Comment.
Comment.
Ibid., Supplement No. 5 and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.1).
(d) The prohibition of discrimination or harassment in the workplace or in any form of discrimination or harassment, including sexual harassment or sexual harassment, or sexual harassment.
Income
A summary
Case 554 - Germany: The Supreme Court of Germany;
However, in the two categories, it must be voluntary; this is not a voluntary definition of this topic ( even more than the scope of its scope), and in the scope of the legal regime.
Recognizing also that, based on national and regional circumstances and different forms of political systems and freedom of fair elections,
As a result, it was agreed that the contract was extended, but no formal extension of contract.
With regard to interest, the Panel referred to in paragraph 19 above.
There are similar conditions for the two contracts signed between S-2L, which are part of Iraq's payment, and the remaining payments were paid in United States dollars.
The Panel finds that it did not provide sufficient evidence to demonstrate its value or use of property, property or property or property, in 2 August 1990.
Recommendations
The loss of the claim
The employee's employment contract is obliged to provide travel to each employee in the end of the employees of Iraq, at the end of the employment of each employee, to the end of each employee, and each of the employee had not been transferred to the airport.
There are still an end to the war.
Secondly, in addition to the promotion of the eradication of opium and combating drug trafficking in Afghanistan, it is also important to address these issues.
All terrorists are relevant and tools.
Annex
The results of the study showed that migrants are very widespread in the workplace and in other areas of life.
The recent survey of the two missions, in 28 January 2003 was sent to MONUC, MONUC, in March 2003 to the Office of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to investigate serious violations of human rights, including the number of serious violations of human rights, extrajudicial, killings and clothing.
No.
In addition, almost 150 cases have been transferred to the rapid recovery fund, which is a joint project to provide housing for individuals who return to their return.
The Government of Albania commends the appointment of Mr. Sharon for his Special Representative and will support his work.
States seek to attract foreign investment because they could have a positive impact on their national economy.
The Education Programme will receive additional funding to increase the level of high-risk groups, particularly women's students and the informal education.
Expresses its appreciation to the institutional capacity-building process and a series of management reforms to enable the institutional role, improving quality and cost-effective.
Food support
Agricultural and credit programmes
Report of the draft resolution A/C.2/60/L.1
Once the sub-item will begin, we will identify and verify.
• It is important to use the comparative advantages of intergovernmental bodies to enable them to achieve a common objective, comprehensive, comprehensive and comprehensive approach to the efforts of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council, as well as members of the Economic and Social Council.
South Africa agreed to continue to serve as Chairman of the Kimberley Process.
The Ministry of Agriculture for the Advancement of Women, requested them to exercise their rights in the exercise of the rights of women.
(a) Strengthening information exchange, particularly with regard to terrorists, terrorist activities and sources and other necessary information;
Also expresses concern at the link between corruption and other forms of crime, particularly organized crime, including money-laundering and money-laundering,
The Working Group noted that, in any event, it was necessary to be considered by the Commission at its thirty-eighth session in Vienna from 30 June to 11 July 2003.
However, it is concerned that the Committee is not aware of the objectives of these reforms, especially in the rural areas, particularly in rural areas, and in particular in rural areas, the implementation of the mechanisms for monitoring and evaluation.
Children
In close cooperation with the ILO Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, ensuring the implementation of all national and international legal protection in that regard, the reduction of children in formal and informal sectors, reducing the number of children in formal and informal sectors, and special attention is paid to measures to ensure that children's access to conditions in the work of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Child Labour and Other Child Protection (ILO) and the International Labour Organization (No.
The Committee recommends that the State party take into account the provisions of article 3 of the Convention and in practice in the field of children.
(b) To provide special assistance to the child;
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Convention on the Family and Family Law ( 1998, 1998) and welcomed the adoption of the concept of the promotion and dissemination of the concept of care, as a means of reducing children.
Most of the responses submitted (http://www.int) reported that persons with disabilities were sometimes engaged in planning and evaluation.
There is no doubt that this process, but it is important to assist in that process, as others in other things, that had been made clear that they were not only.
The Government of Luxembourg believes that the cornerstone of peace must be a broad and complex security concept.
These factors are often able to increase the demand for fuel and transport, which is one of the causes of energy and the high risk of greenhouse gas emissions.
Figure 7 (b) The trend of greenhouse gas emissions by the sector
Parties reported on measures and measures taken by all sectors.
In-depth review of the national communications (Annex I Parties) on 31 March 2003, the Panel has shown that in a better estimate of the performance of the future and utilization of the Kyoto Protocol, some Parties are working in the context of progress in the future and their work.
Norway stated that the long-term consumption could increase or reduce the cost of more than 10 per cent.
The United Kingdom and the United States noted that they provided data on national and national research centres.
The Parties usually considered the quality of data.
A detailed report of the Parties to the Convention was adopted.
Despite the growing number of technical assistance, the United Nations has reduced the requirements of the United Nations.
Special attention would be given to legal issues, logistical and how to choose the electoral system.
The mission will emphasize the importance of progress in the implementation of the proposed international conference on peace, security, democracy and development in the Great Lakes region.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is the first briefing to the Council on how to improve the protection of civilians in armed conflict is very appropriate.
Indeed, he was committed to the work of the United Nations.
With regard to terrorism and armed conflict, my country has always said that it is an urgent issue of concern.
Mr. Kang (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): I would like to say, Mr. President, and I would like to express my delegation's pleasure to see your presidency.
The European Union appreciates and fully endorsed the commitment made by the Security Council to the protection of civilians and to establish a regular dialogue on this agenda.
Therefore, we must continue to emphasize that, despite the need to address these issues, the Afghan National Institutions must now be able to respond to the need for the deployment of an international security force and confidence of the international security force, to establish the necessary security and confidence in the Bonn process.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item.
The situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of the Congo and Uganda.
I would like to commend the political will of the parties.
Ibid., annex.
2.30 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I would now like to draw attention to the recent activities and current work of the Monitoring Group, which will be able to understand the current situation of States.
Finally, I would like to thank Ambassador N's leadership team and the secretariat of the Monitoring Group, for his valuable efforts to improve this important United Nations instrument for combating terrorism.
We appreciate the significant steps taken by the Security Council and the Commission to increase the effectiveness and accuracy of sanctions, to address humanitarian issues and to address transparency and appropriate procedures.
It is therefore a set of proposals.
I would like to transmit to the Fifth Committee on the Prohibition of the Use of Nuclear Weapons and other nuclear explosive remnants of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, which will be part of the efforts of the Netherlands to establish an FMCT.
International Trade Organization/WTO
Signature: Malaysia*
Therefore, we believe that this paragraph is not incompatible with international law and Germany.
China appreciated the efforts made by the Secretary-General and the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the West Bank to promote the peace process, and we have actively assess the decisions taken on the issue of the Russian Federation, which we call upon the international community to provide assistance to the West African peacekeeping force.
• The price statistics programme has proved to be found;
(a) The legal, regulations and other duty stations are required;
A total of 9 per cent of the statistics sector was confirmed by the fact that it was involved in international cooperation projects in the past five years of international cooperation in the past 5 per cent of the statistical sector, which had been involved in international cooperation projects, and the number of donors, as a result of their participation in international cooperation projects.
He called for India, Israel and Pakistan to support universal commitment to non-nuclear-weapon States to accede to the Treaty.
Mohammed Al-Hah Al-Hah
Agenda
(d) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to the United Nations Convention on the Protection of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, Particularly in Africa
For many countries of Africa, the African Group has faced the transport issue, from the amount of the costs of goods in Africa.
UNCTAD should continue to provide assistance in the area of electronic commerce.
I would like to remind members that, in accordance with paragraph 7 of decision 34/40 of the General Assembly, the General Assembly decided to decide that,
Ms. M. M. N.E. H.E. Ms. El Salvador (Islamic Republic of): The consensus will be addressed to the Third Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Third Committee adopted the draft resolution without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: The representative of the President: I wish to explain their vote on the resolutions adopted by the General Assembly, as follows:
It was so decided (resolution 58/53).
KFOR has been engaged in the illegal cross-border events, detention of 28 members of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
UNMEE continues to be limited to the freedom of movement in the region.
However, the question of contemporary international claims showed that some organizations have been endorsed by the representative of a group of a group.
However, UNHCR's financial situation has seriously affected its strategic implementation, since the report of the Commissioner (A/58/172) was submitted in accordance with paragraph 63 of the report of the High Commissioner (A/58/582) and UNHCR will only be able to maintain more than half of its activities in 2003.
The summary records of the meetings of the Committee shall be prepared in English, French and Spanish.
Speakers
The members of the Committee shall, in accordance with article 28 of the Convention.
In accordance with rule 38 of the rules, the Secretary-General or the representative of the United Nations may make an oral or written statement.
In favour of the voting and voting
The information contained in the report of the Committee or the working group may require additional information on the request of the States concerned to be submitted by the State party, as well as to identify the deadline for submission.
The Conference and heard 4
The establishment of a working group and the appointment of the Special Rapporteur
Introduction
Decision
Annex
The military leaders have not been subjected to them, and the anti-personnel mines have been infected.
The three individuals were subsequently killed by H.E. H.E.
As a result of the review, the functions of the Office of Central Support Services should continue to be established by the Office of Central Support Services, but should be established in other areas of the Office.
Annex
Article 17
The transaction shall be appointed by the Register of Conventional Arms and then after the transaction records related to this transaction.
However, owing to low cost-effective services in the local market, all cost-sharing services are not available.
31 December 2002
With regard to the introduction of the “the equality of education: a set of reference for primary schools for primary schools.
45th Session, 2001
The Act is a comprehensive and integrated approach to all aspects of employment, including access to employment, employment conditions, employment and vocational training.
Accordingly, the current child's right to leave the age of 18 and the third week of the age of 18 (see para.
The table below contains a number of requirements for the acquisition of children from capital and personnel, as well as the cost of health care.
The Department also provides for a voluntary basis to provide assistance to the people of Ireland in order to reduce the child's family and to support men's challenges and to ensure their responsibilities for violence.
(b) Implementation of maternity leave or the right of equal social welfare, or not to be lost in the maintenance of the highest level;
Article 8
The list of this list will be updated and will be sent to the central institutions responsible for border control.
However, the prospects for 2003, however, continue to be identified in the current global economy.
Although the level of education and health is a good objective, it is a very far-reaching impact on the overall development of a country.
Paragraph 9
The initiative was a direct response to the environmental action plan submitted by the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, which would help to assess the progress made by the international community to assess the progress achieved in the plan.
ESCAP will hold the annual session of the Regional Working Group on Space Science and Technology in the Mediterranean.
In accordance with paragraph B, the words “the electronic message” contains “to be used as a means of electronic signatures, but also to meet the requirements of the United Nations.
At the beginning of the World Health Survey, WHO has been providing data on the number of sources of data.
In accordance with other information, the Committee notes that the savings and expenditure are a direct result of some expenditure and expenditure, including the transfer of $1,500,000 for the acquisition of facilities for the purchase of equipment, maintenance and construction of $1,500,000 for the maintenance of electricity and supplies, and the amount of $1,500,000 for the maintenance of public supplies and supplies, as well as the amount of $1,500,000 for the maintenance of public expenditure.
The role of microfinance as a means of alternative financing.
At the end of the biennium 2004-2005, the Chamber is expected to complete the following work: 12 trial procedures, 12 trials, three trials of the Trial Chamber, 8 and three appeals procedures, and the final appeal to the Trial Chamber and the final appeal.
In addition to the very serious conflict, despite the strong intention of the Millennium Summit to begin and adopted resolutions, the international community still had not yet done so to address the two major issues.
Mr. B. B. M.S. (spoke in French): We have once again concluded this year's action and to identify new steps that can be achieved.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his well-being.
Human resources management
In accordance with the above-mentioned criteria, there is a need to be more effective to monitor compliance with human resources policies, guidelines and practice.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue its high priority to consolidate and strengthen emergency preparedness and emergency response mechanisms, including humanitarian early warning activities, in order to identify all human rights violations, inter alia, to identify and identify all human rights violations;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara;
During the reporting period, the Organization has no significant changes in the status of non-governmental organizations in consultative status or other international non-governmental organizations.
The Ministry of Women and Children's Affairs has established administrative responsibility for vulnerable groups.
A number of studies were carried out in a gender perspective and the media.
Draft report
No specific gender was taken into account in the development of health and health programmes.
Education is essential.
The Security Council is in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Informal consultations on human rights and terrorism (agenda item 11 (b))
African Group
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets the fact that two significant reductions (for the employment of persons with disabilities) as a result of the previous concluding observations and continued to be withdrawn by the Committee.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives
It also sought closer integration of the European Union and hoped that the European Union signed a Agreement on the Promotion and Protection of Society in 2004.
We welcome the final effort to achieve this consensus.
Human rights defenders
The text of the draft resolution was adopted without a vote.
To this end, the State party should take appropriate measures to enable the public to use the remedies available to victims of discrimination or xenophobia.
The Committee notes that, despite the constitutional and legal guarantees, indigenous peoples and indigenous peoples and other minorities are still victims of discrimination.
The State party should include in its next periodic report on the land of indigenous communities, as well as the provision of detailed information on the access of indigenous peoples to the environment.
The Committee emphasizes the responsibility of the State party to assistance to the “to be expelled” and recommended that the State party intensify its efforts to provide compensation and repatriation to affected families.
In order to enhance the work of these bodies, the Committee requests the State party to provide information on the situation of racial discrimination.
The Committee encourages the State party to review laws to review the scope of the concept.
While the Committee has repeatedly requested, New Guinea has not been able to comply with its obligations under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention, additional information on the situation of Kosovo.
In the light of the lack of statistical statistics in Norway, the Committee recommends that the State party provide statistical estimates for population statistics in his report, in accordance with the guidelines of the present report, the Committee recommends that the State party draw attention to the State party's general recommendation 8 of the Committee on the self-determination of specific ethnic and ethnic groups.
The Committee recommends that the State party use the public, while the Committee's observations on these reports should also be open.
Introduction
She hoped that the Chairman of the Advisory Committee had made this note.
Requests the Secretariat to inform the Secretariat of the Secretariat of the Convention on the website of the Convention, in accordance with the Convention on the website of the country's website, to be published in the country's web site, and to inform the Secretariat of these publications;
Friday, 21 November 2002
This commitment is, particularly those that would include the second round of space science in Malaysia's third plan, which is a key area of knowledge-based development.
Finally, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda strongly supports the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and expresses its deep concern at the Permanent Representative of the United Nations to the United Nations.
(d) To consider the necessary steps to ensure the development of the development of the facilities of weapons of mass destruction;
This approach is likely to be a strong and strong commitment to the implementation of the Convention.
In the provision of travel for the Ombudsman and its staff;
The Working Group considered the draft recommendations at its 11th to 14 January 2003.
Since the amendment of 17 December 1991, the amendment was adopted by the General Assembly on 31 August 1991, the General Assembly will increase from 6 to 10 non-permanent members of the Security Council from 6 to 10 a.
Mr. Al-Qaida (Japan) addressed the Secretary-General's extension of the mandate of 31 December 2004.
* On 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General
International cooperation
Annex
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 48/8 of 18 December 1990, the General Assembly, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 48/8 of 17 December 1991, and the General Assembly, considered this issue at the two years.
Thirdly, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen its role as a subsidiary body and agencies of the United Nations system, as well as its subsidiary bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights and Sustainable Development.
The Task Force and the secretariat of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction is the main institutional mechanism for the Strategy and has begun to consolidate its functions.
Kenya
Please describe the structure or mechanisms of your Government, which may identify and investigate and investigate and investigate the financial networks of all persons involved in the jurisdiction of your country in your jurisdiction, or by the Taliban or the Taliban, or those responsible, groups or entities involved.
The meeting was chaired by H.E.
There is no doubt that the coordination between the United Nations and the African Union and the African Union must also be strengthened in order to enable these actors and agencies to fulfil their difficult peacekeeping responsibilities in Africa.
United Nations Children's Fund
While the number of countries indicated that national policies have provided equal opportunities for all, regardless of gender, women and girls continue to face a broad range of economic, legal and social obstacles in the fight against HIV/AIDS.
By 2005, the proportion of children living with HIV/AIDS was reduced by 50 per cent in 2010.
States must be able to maintain effective response to the need to develop and maintain institutional capacities.
The review of existing existing approaches to the United Nations system has shown that the following new characteristics of the evaluation of the results of the evaluation at the national level have been discussed at the national level:
These workshops and meetings were held at the beginning of the session of the Committee and the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
In response to the important expansion of this important work and recognizes the increasing responsibility of the Bretton Woods institutions, the Executive Board agreed to prepare a priorities for the UNFCCC.
The need to promote new strategies to promote the availability and availability of data and to enable the system to address global environmental issues in the light of global environmental issues.
As indicated in the report of the Secretary-General, progress has been made in implementing the mandate of the United Nations in East Timor.
These institutions and sectors are: United Nations Office for Disarmament Affairs, United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (UNHCR), the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (UNHCR), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the World Bank (WHO) and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).
(b) (ii) To participate in the medium-term contract for the purposes of the contract of carriage, such as loss, destruction or delay during the period of such activities.
The second preambular paragraph was selected and the last sentence.
A/CN.9/WG.I/CN.9/WG.I/WP.66, para.
OIOS also found that there was no national plans for the appointment or replacement of investment management.
The Working Group has a specific aim to collect and analyse the procedures used for other countries.
I would like to say that four points.
UNIDO should focus on improving the social responsibility of the developing world in the developing world; it should lead to a clear increase in production and sale; it should assist developing a clear and clear approach to the development of the social responsibility of SMEs in developing countries in the developing world in developing countries and developing countries to provide training and tools for SMEs.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the rules of procedure, corrections may be made available at the end of the session or at the end of the session.
For that reason, it was estimated that the date and the date of publication had been issued.
To implement the Beijing Declaration and Programme of Action, ILO implemented the International Programme of Action to help States to develop a plan of action on women's employment in the framework of poverty reduction.
Transport
He regretted that the meeting did not agree on the export of agricultural exports and agricultural products, which will be reached once again, will be reached, once the resolution had been reached, will be reached on the income of the poor or rich countries, and will contribute to the recovery of the world.
We hope that the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development will lead to a new situation and to increase the flow of international cooperation to implement development projects and plans.
At the same time, the bill on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women and the Non-discrimination was also introduced.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that the focus of the Caribbean Department was a focus on the implementation of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Act (Law No. 97 of 8 August 1997, and the implementation of strategic plans for cooperation with customs officials, including the establishment of a joint liaison unit to improve the land management and protection of biodiversity.
Paragraph 4
Requests the relevant United Nations bodies, including the country-level bodies, to cooperate with States at the national level and to cooperate with the Special Representative, in particular, the report of the Special Representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, including the Special Representative of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees;
At the same time, she also welcomed the statement made by the Minister for the forty-fourth session of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs at its forty-fourth session, as well as the relevant international efforts to implement the Guiding Principles on Drug Control.
She also emphasized the need for States to achieve the relevant measures and to achieve the reduction of drug abuse in 2008.
The complaint
She was also concerned about 44 per cent of the recommendations of the International Technical Cooperation Agency and urged the Secretariat to accelerate the pace of implementation and to accelerate the implementation of the remaining recommendations.
It is also necessary to make further clarification on the recommendations of the final report (para.
The delegation of the United States would like to see the Secretariat's technical analysis and hope that the recommendations were made.
(b) To integrate users into and implement the management strategy.
Other matters
• The Bureau will be composed of five existing positions: Chairman of the Committee, Vice-Chairman and the Committee;
He urged developed countries to increase the proportion of the gross domestic product, reducing the debt burden of developing countries and to open them to developing countries to integrate developing countries into international economic and social development, from globalization and to reduce the gap between developed and developed countries.
In order to achieve greater cooperation between the United Nations and the United Nations, the relationship between the two parties should be strengthened on a stable basis, and the establishment of observer status for the Community to contribute to enhancing cooperation with the parties to the peace and security of the world.
Recalling also its resolution 2002/25 of 24 July 2002,
It is also concerned at the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child on the involvement of children in armed conflict.
The Inspectors have just reminded the Commission that it had received a comprehensive written clarification.
The Committee notes that, although the report contains significant information on the legal provisions of the present report, the lack of information on practical implementation of the Convention.
Introduction
The report and responses are contained in the CEDAW/C/78.
In accordance with rule 11 of the rules of procedure, the Committee urges the State party to take full investigation and punish the facts of 15 April 1995 and to prosecute the complainant's responsibilities, including fair and adequate compensation, and to inform the Committee of its views on the steps taken to the above-mentioned observations.
As a result of him's right in his life, his right to the right of his right, his right to be injured.
11.11 In the report of the International Law on 3 July 2001, the State party said that, in his report, it was clear that the organization had started a clear note of the report that the complainant had not been able to conduct the risk that the organization had been able to carry out its activities.
2 The Committee wishes to consider that the State party's right to return to the Sudan, whether in violation of article 5 of the Convention, the State party shall, in violation of the obligations under article III of the Convention, that it is sufficient reasons for torture or return to the country.
The facts submitted by the complainant
3.4 With regard to the complainant's claim, the State party submits that the practice of torture in the case of ill-treatment was unable to prove that the State is unable to prove that the case of torture in the country.
The Council took note of the intention of the contact group to examine substantive contributions and to the Secretary-General.
The Guide explored the relative application of the insolvency law in the case of all aspects of the insolvency law.
The position of the Republic of Equatorial Guinea has been repeatedly expressed in all the international forums and forums at the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly, and the President of the Republic of the United States of America, held in New York, on 11 September 2001, at the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly of the United States of America on 11 September 2001 and the President of the United States of America, and the need for assistance and protection of international terrorism.
Jamaica
Security Council
On the other hand, the first secured creditor could be able to verify whether the secured creditor's security right in the absence of its security right.
A alternative or supplementary approach was required to identify the grantor's secured creditor's non-compliance with the assignee's non-compliance, to avoid the situation of third parties from the third parties.
A detailed level of information on the relationship between the parties, through the application of the information made by the parties, has strengthened the extent to which the registration system is based on the understanding of the differences between the debtor and the secured creditor.
However, through the transfer of the secured creditor's legitimate control of the secured creditor's secured creditor, it is also possible to pay the right to be transferred to the function.
The consultants supported the preparation and guidance of experts.
Reaffirms that the World Conference on Human Rights, held in Vienna in 1993, the World Conference on Human Rights considered the urgent need to eliminate and protect human rights;
See chap. ]
Deeply concerned that women's women, women, refugees and internally displaced persons, migrant women, migrant workers, migrant women, children living in rural or remote communities, women living in rural or remote communities, poverty, women, girls and women who are often vulnerable to violence, women, older women, women, girls and armed conflict, are often vulnerable to violence, and in particular, women, in particular those of women,
Urges States to consider ratifying or acceding to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its two Protocols - Protocol to the Protocol on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children;
It should be committed to establishing a global environment for mutual cooperation, mutual trust and guarantees the universal security of all members of the international community, thus eliminating the proliferation, development and reservations to nuclear weapons.
In many cases, trade, environment and development programmes are used as indicators of achievement.
The Fisheries Division, 23 and 23 October 2002,
A large number of information received from Iraq is not only reviewed during the present report.
Through the principle of a peaceful settlement of disputes between States and States, the international community reflects the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations and the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations, the Chinese delegation wished to express the views of the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom on the question of peace in the Falkland Islands (Malvinas).
Requests the Secretary-General to take this note as a document of the United Nations, as follows:
The estimates for the biennium 2003 include the costs of the computer.
Provisional agenda for the first session of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol
The status of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol;
He noted that those efforts have been able to produce their exports and/or least developed countries to reduce the level of poverty and/or the least developed countries to reduce the level of poverty and demonstrate the importance of their ability to produce their productive structures, and stressed the importance of the export structure of the country.
At its closing plenary meeting, on 4 December 2002, the Council adopted its agreed conclusions.
The meeting was opened by the President of the Council.
European Union
Despite some progress in the last year, the Special Rapporteur has shown the fact that the Special Rapporteur is still concerned, while noting that it is still being implemented.
The total number of people living with HIV/AIDS in 2003.
While the first HIV/AIDS is a health issue, we are increasingly recognized as a health, security and human rights.
This partnership has made information and knowledge to recognize the risk of HIV/AIDS from most factors.
International Law
International law is the result of the difficulties faced by international law and expansion.
The Government has continued to slow progress in establishing an effective judicial system.
The events in January 2003 have a significant burden on the new defence and police force in East Timor, resulting in violations of human rights.
The view was also expressed that the report should be more appropriate to reflect the core strategies of the United Nations system on the Millennium Development Goals adopted by the United Nations system in June 2002, as well as the integrated framework for all aspects of the Millennium Development Goals, as they could facilitate the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals.
General Assembly
(g): UNRWA Advisory Committee on the biennium 2002-2003
Table 11 (a) A reduction in the budget of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (including the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions) and the recommendations of the Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (including the recommendations of the Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions) will lead to a reduction in the budget.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Secretary-General undertake a review of these arrangements within the framework of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 to streamline the capacity of the Security Council and to enhance the efficiency of activities, as appropriate, to improve the efficiency of activities, to increase the staff and other support services (A/57/7/Add.1).
The Advisory Committee was informed that, in 2002 the current proposal for the restoration of information technology resources for the period 2008-2011 for the amount of USD 4,400 (see para.
At its consideration of the budget, the Commission was convinced that a positive proposal was made by the secretariat of the European Secretariat and to discuss meetings and publications.
Human rights
Resources include the recovery of approximately US$ 2 million.
In March 2003, the Ministry of Human Rights was established to replace the Office of the Minister for Human Rights.
It reported that its HIV/AIDS prevention and control plans with the host country programmes and refugees.
Report of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
In addition, in the case of terrorist acts committed by Costa Rica, or that such acts are not a real effect, article 27 of the Penal Code stipulates that the establishment of a State or international organization is punishable by law.
In this regard, the Act contains article 27 and 37 of the Penal Code.
In the context of the Foundation, its legal status was established in accordance with Act No. 538 of 28 August 1993, the Foundation established that article 1, paragraph 1 of the “the appropriate legal status of the Foundation is recognized as appropriate legal instruments, such as the risk of a public cause for the deployment of assets, access to or help all public and social welfare activities”.
The Committee urges the State party to strengthen its efforts to provide greater support for the family.
At the same time, in March 2003, the agreement reached with the Chief of Staff of Staff of the United Nations, currently deployed in Kinshasa, the armed forces of the Congolese armed forces in Kinshasa and the monitoring of MONUC military observers.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee was composed of 23 member States:
Review
In this regard, the Special Committee noted that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 was based on the resources set out in the programme of work for the biennium 2004-2005 and does not undermine the decisions taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Representatives of regional organizations
Many Territories have made considerable progress in political, constitutional, economic and social development and made significant progress.
It was pointed out that some regional economic situation had resulted in the increase in the cultivation of opium poppy, while in order to respond to drug law enforcement efforts to address the trends of illicit drugs in rural areas.
At the same meeting, the Commission considered draft resolution entitled “Strengthening of the exchange of information on the use of new characteristics and the use of drugs” (E/CN.7/2003/14), entitled “E4” session (E/CN.7/2005/L.10), which had joined the sponsors of the member States of the United Nations and the United States Members of America.
(a) The use of material;
S. M. S.
• To allow all documents relating to the activities related to nuclear activities, such as the progress report, the exchange of information between Governments, meetings and the implementation of the organizations of the Organization, the meetings of the Organization for the implementation of such documents and the computer, and the identification of such documents in the field or other locations.
C. Introduction
Communication No. 97: Ad Hoc Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
According to the Human Rights Committee established under article 21 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 2003, the High Court decided to continue his detention.
3.2 The author also believes that article 14, paragraph 3, of the Convention, since the criminal proceedings continued to be held in 15 years.
6.1 On 12 September 2002, the State party responded to the Committee's request to the author's claim and the author's submission to the communication.
2.2 On behalf of the author, the author's author's claim for the admissibility of his or her son, and the author's admissibility, in the light of the fact that the parties must be sent to the author to the communication.
On 20 July 1999, the Minister's appeal to the Court of Appeal on 15 February 1999 was considered that the decision of the Court of Appeal was in “The case” in the case of the case, although the case was the case, the fact that, although the evidence was appropriate.
The State party also added that article 7 must be clear and that the risk of violations of the right to return, and that it is a reasonable and predictable consequences for the return of a person, and that the rights may be violated.
Communication No. 97: Ad Hoc Committee
To this end, you have no right to pay for the pension under this law.”
In the area of 1990s, military officers were in the area of Al-Qaida and subsequently killed a terrorist attack.
The State party has provided the means and facilities.
4 The State party does not recognize the situation in the area of age, as a result of the author's findings.
The Convention is authorized to accept and consideration of the communication.
The author's claim
Comments by the author
They pointed out that the State party did not find these arguments.
On 4 July 2001, the High Court has granted the release of C.C.
In the case of all detainees in the detention centre in the case of detention, it was open to three weeks after the end of the detention centre, and the need for new detainees in the detention centres of a new prison.
Subsequently, he and the other members of the organization are aware of the educational law (art. 15 of the Law on Education) and article 15 of the Education Act on Education (No. 5) of the Law on Education (No. 5).
8.8 The author also stated that Norway's legal law on the use of rights since the use of the right to use and practice in accordance with article 26 of the courts of Norway.
On the contrary, if there are no full place in the town of the village, the traditional interests of the people of the people of the Falkland Islands, have been guaranteed by the mechanism.
On 4 February 2000, the Committee concluded a agreement with its respective groups.
However, the author did not provide information on the Supreme Court in 1997, in the case of the Supreme Court in 1997, the Supreme Court of the Supreme Court did not appear in the conclusion of the conclusion of the conclusions of the Supreme Court.
On 2 February 1997, he was arrested on 7 February 1997.
2.3 The author said that the claimant confirmed that the date of receipt of the request for the Court was the final day of the date of the application of the Court's request for the Court to be submitted to the final day.
2.14 On 2 December 1998, the decision of the Criminal Court found that the author's alleged offences were arrested and sentenced to six months of imprisonment for a period of six months of imprisonment, and that the compensation for the complainant was paid to the complainant.
The Tribunal was also unable to decide on this request, but that, in accordance with the State party's request, it has a reasonable expectations of the State party, as it has always been linked to the illegal administrative decisions of the State, the Government has always been associated with illegal administrative decisions of the law (the Administrative Court of Justice) on 26 January.
In this point, the Court of Appeal is pleased to say that the author is not able to consider that the present position and to make it more clear that it is in his life, such as the situation in his life, because it was accepted that the author had not been able to accept the author's failure to re-election of the child's physical and social consequences.”
The author drew attention to the decision adopted by the Committee on the Law of Jamaica (No. 302) on 7 April 1994 on 7 April 1994 and the decision on the decision adopted on the decision adopted on the decision of the Russian Federation (para.
The International Court of Foreign Affairs and Bulgaria, the International Court of Justice, Judgment, vol. No. 78.
The substantive cooperation required for Iraq to fulfil its obligations, first, the withdrawal of all weapons of mass destruction or activities for the destruction of goods or activities for the destruction of goods or activities for the destruction of items or activities, which is not being subjected to any claim or activity.
Our Iraq's fact that there is no doubt that the items were not prohibited and that they should be regarded as innocent.
A clear example of Iraq's declaration on the other hand, stated that the Agency's IAEA had been able to provide water to water from industrial mining in Iraq in Iraq in Iraq in Iraq to be provided to water.
Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules of procedure and rules of procedure of the Economic and Social Council, the Intergovernmental Group on Forests and the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests, the Intergovernmental Group on Forests and the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests may be held in first [to [item 3] [Original] as observers] in accordance with the following activities:
At present, 60 regions of the south and East have been considered high-level risk.
E. Human rights questions
In addition, efforts are needed to promote the integrated development of economic and social coordination, which is essential for individual categories.
If the State does not guarantee its survival, these communities will not achieve cultural, economic and social integrity.”
There are also a number of enterprises in the face of political and political pressure, or taking into account the cost of human rights in the core of human rights, and the cost of the development of human rights in the core of human rights.
Thus, in such cases, article 25 of the Money Laundering Act and the Criminal Procedure Code, article 14 of the Criminal Procedure Code, also is fully used to use funds related to terrorism or terrorist acts.
As indicated in paragraph 1 of the memorandum and related statements, the credentials of 40 countries were received from representatives of the General Assembly of States Parties to the Rules of Procedure, Austria, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Germany, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Germany, Latvia, Latvia, Denmark, Germany, Denmark, Germany, Latvia, Denmark, Denmark, Germany, Germany, Iceland, Norway, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Germany, Netherlands, Denmark, Denmark, Latvia, Denmark, Germany, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Germany, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Latvia, Romania, Denmark, Latvia, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark, Germany, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Denmark, Denmark, Denmark
United Nations
Article 8 (c) of the NGO Act, article 8, paragraph 3, of the Convention on the Rights of Non-Governmental Organizations, provides that foreign and stateless persons can participate in non-governmental organizations in Azerbaijan.
private initiatives in agriculture are supported.
Reaffirms the right of everyone to participate in the cultural life of the society and to share the benefits of scientific progress and scientific progress;
In accordance with the provisions of the Fund, the project must be used to manage women's management and that these projects must be innovative and other similar enterprises in the field.
First, the first curriculum was conducted in June 2001 (KK) and the European Environment Management Network (CAT) and the European Environmental Management Centre (CAT).
This is the project for two cities and recreation sectors.
Paragraph 1
A number of electronic transport process (OECD) has been identified in the OECD and had been identified:
We will look forward to the possibility of the use of data between electronic commerce and technology in other production.
World Bank*
The European Union attaches particular importance to the consideration of the work of the Committee.
The President: The Committee will now take action on draft decision contained in document A/C/L.17 entitled “The disarmament and international security”.
steps: fissile material
Requests the Secretary-General to provide services and assistance to the Working Group.
Annex
There are no legislative provisions that have been included in any legislation that have been taken into account for racism.
Children
The Committee welcomes the establishment of a strategy aimed at enhancing the enjoyment of the rights of Roma children through education and education, through health and education, and the promotion of health care and integration of Roma children.
A special review of women's gender equality was proposed in the country's policy aimed at mainstreaming gender equality in the country's country's country and recommended that the pilot project.
They are in most of the primary treatment, or in the hospitals.
The Labour Code recognizes that trade unions, multi-stakeholder unions, independent trade unions and temporary workers.
In the case of women, as well as in pregnancy, their post-natal leave should be extended to the specific time of delivery or treatment of medical services.
Following the establishment of a telephone programme, a number of tasks and actions have been carried out and continued to assess and improve.
In 2000, it was also included the list of diseases.
As a result of this support support and other forms of support, the increase of 27 per cent of the students in the service in 1994 was estimated at 10 per cent.
These schools also benefited from the focus of the country-wide programmes.
Table 3
“8. Requests the Secretary-General to facilitate the participation of non-governmental organizations and professional organizations in the preparations for the Eleventh Congress, as well as the meetings of representatives of non-governmental organizations and professional organizations and groups, and to take appropriate measures to encourage academic research to participate in the Eleventh Congress;
Many indigenous representatives discussed common educational issues, including the construction of the school rate, and the low rate of school enrolment and the rate of school.
The United Nations has established the Ad Hoc Open-ended Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on the Follow-up to the Follow-up to the outcomes of the United Nations and the outcome of the World Summit on Economic and Social Affairs.
The annual session of the States Parties is being held in November.
This strategy should overcome any gaps and constraints in the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Declaration also recognizes the need for more technical assistance and capacity-building in the area of developing countries and LDCs in this area, including policy analysis and formulation of policy analysis and development, to enable those countries to better assess their development policies and objectives, as well as international cooperation through appropriate regional or bilateral channels.
For the purposes of this instrument,
There should be an early warning and risk education for affected communities.
Most border checkpoints can be used by satellite.
The parties, neighbouring countries and the United Nations are intended to agree on the provisions of this plan.
From 1990 to 1999 the total rate of primary school enrolment in the developing countries, such as the percentage of primary schools in primary schools, increased from 0.3 per cent in secondary schools, with a total number of secondary schools.
Such differences are not limited to the age of one age, but the present report has been discussed only by adults.
In developing countries, health knowledge and behaviour are the fundamental causes of maternal mortality.
e.g., students, including students, were not included in the University of the University.
(i) Parliamentary documentation: preparation and preparation for the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly and its subsidiary organs and subsidiary bodies of the General Assembly, as well as the documents of the Ad Hoc Committee on Disarmament, the Economic and Social Council, the provisional agenda, the provisional agenda, the report of the Secretary-General, the report of the Secretary-General on the work of the General Assembly and decisions on the work of the General Assembly and the General Assembly;
The strategic strategy for the biennium is to strengthen the functions of the information and translation of the information provided in order to minimize the delays in the process.
Subprogramme 2
All of these acts are contrary to the resolution adopted by the international community, which states that the illegal nature of these acts, Israel had withdrawn its land, but the Israeli authorities had not been unable to withdraw.
My delegation also thanked the United Nations for its efforts to reduce the impact of the international community in order to mitigate the impact of natural disasters and to pay particular attention to developing countries in this process.
The Special Rapporteur on the fifty-seventh session does not provide an opportunity to review the progress achieved since 1990 and we provide us with an opportunity to make further commitment to the world as a whole.
These include HIV/AIDS, trafficking in children and child pornography, maternal and maternal mortality, and malnutrition, and children.
5 million children still live in extreme poverty; more children living in extreme poverty; more children living in extreme poverty; more than 100 million children; and more than 100 million children, in developing countries, are able to prevent the prevention of the age of 100 million children, in this regard?
The Plan of Action is very comprehensive, including strategies aimed at prevention, implementation and enforcement, repatriation and reintegration.
The staffing requirements for the Professional staff are approved in 2003.
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held a informal meeting on its report on its mission to the region.
Introduction
Response:
I have received a letter from the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Cameroon, Cameroon, Cameroon, Burundi, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Croatia, Croatia, the Czech Republic, Croatia, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jordan, Rwanda, Turkey, Turkey, Romania, Slovenia, Romania, Turkey, Romania, Slovenia, Romania, Romania, Turkey, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
Recognizes that the international economic, commercial and commercial fields are closely linked to the implementation of the right to development, and the importance of the expansion of international decision-making base for development, the strengthening of the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and stresses the importance of strengthening the United Nations system and other multilateral organizations in developing countries and economies in transition;
Calls upon States to pay special attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including positive measures to ensure the full enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health;
Decides to consider this issue at its sixty-first session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Deeply concerned at the persistence of violence against migrants, in particular women and children in different regions of the world, and in particular those relating to violence against women and children,
Introduction
In addition, the links between the existing goods are more closely linked to the establishment of a model for the establishment of a company or other transport companies.
E. Implementation: impact on trade facilitation
Article 14 of the Penal Code provides that the legal provisions of article 14 of the Penal Code are applicable, regardless of the criminal location of the crime of the crime of the territory of the territory of the Republic of Tajikistan, the criminal law of the Republic of Tajikistan is effective.
Tajikistan as a State party to any relevant international conventions and protocols relating to the extradition of crimes committed under the bilateral treaties?
20 Administrative guidance and management is the responsibility of the Executive Director, including New York.
(b) The proposed organization of work (A/AC.26/Dec.29);
Annex
The investment may include special and specific assets, resulting in the cost of transaction costs and expanded transactions.
See International Institute for Environment and Development,
The President made a statement.
Slovenia has established all States, in particular the Ministry of Defence, the Ministry of Defence and the private security companies to address the abuse of armed acts.
Members of the parties shall cooperate fully with MONUC and third-party verification mechanism.
Other funds
Other matters
Human resources management
As a result of the financial oversight function in the field and the financial functioning of the Finance Division, it is therefore difficult to increase the degree of coordination between the two inter-agency responsibility.
Taking into account the family's access to the use of gender-related statistics, gender-related data will also be important.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
Indeed, the differences are an objective of the Iraqi leadership.
It is also a view that I would like to say that any decision that the Iraqi people are based on democratic modalities, through the participation of all.
Note by the Secretariat
Many Parties are estimated at the end of the 1990s, even if the latest measures were made available in the early 1990s.
Affirms that the culture of dialogue is largely a unique understanding of the human rights of human rights and reaffirms the important benefits of international contacts and cooperation in the area of culture;
General debate
Some delegations expressed the view that the responsibility and circumstances should be reviewed as “State actors”.
However, some delegations expressed the view that the perpetrators should be able to provide special treatment to identify the perpetrators.
In the case of 16 countries in 2000 were revised.
Let us work together with the specific efforts of the Committee and other multilateral frameworks, in particular through full cooperation, full cooperation, and in the capital of the world, as well as in the capital of the world.
Secondly, the media has been widely reported, and the Monitoring Group contains the fact that Al-Qaida had decided to use chemical and biological weapons.
As a result of a discussion of the item, the time will be allowed to take immediate consideration of the next project.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and date;
(a) The seminar should be open, but the Chairman found that the decision of the private sector should be subject to special circumstances.
It is clear that the relationship between Israel and the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon would not be truly lasting.
The level of development and achievements will depend on positive development and the participation of the international community in the overall security situation.
Mr. El-Sos (Argentina): I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for the first time, for the convening of this important meeting on the security situation in Afghanistan, which we have made the opportunity to hear a briefing on the Ambassador of the south, Ambassador and Mr. I.
(d) To use best medical programmes to improve access to treatment programmes, identify, effectively management and adequate follow-up support;
We are responsible for these financial statements.
The plan is maintained by the Department of Field Service staff, UNHCR's contributions and income income.
(i) Income
Voluntary contributions
The Committee recommends that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations develop a methodology to determine the best number of staff required for the effective management of contingent-owned equipment, taking into account the recommendations of the Department of Public Administration.
(d) In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/50 of 27 June 2002 on the total amount of 186,567, as a result of the unencumbered balance and other income in the United Nations Mission in the period from 30 June 2001 to 30 June 2001.
In order to eliminate violence against women, the Ministry of Women organized a national work on domestic violence.
I commend the Government of the international community and the international community in this regard and urged the Government of Afghanistan to take the necessary steps to continue to reform its security institutions and to continue to support the international community's reform sector.
Reaffirming the importance of establishing a basic mechanism for the use of alternative development products,
The situation in Afghanistan
The challenge of 2002 is to consolidate the sustainable peace base.
In addition, we believe that the nuclear-weapon-free weapons and nuclear-weapon States are a threat to the safety and security of mankind.
In order to use the remaining time and facilities, I expect delegations to cooperate fully with the First Committee to enable the First Committee to complete its work.
The decline in agricultural crops, crops and agricultural subsidies decreased in the relatively low value of deforestation.
The Special Rapporteur has visited the region in September 1994 to recognize the seriousness of the conflict.
The second expert meeting on the legal definition of mercenaries, also indicated that the definition of the definition contained in article 1 of the International Convention on the Suppression of Unlawful Acts.
Determined to encourage strict compliance and principles contained in the Charter of the United Nations,
At its 6th meeting, on 4 October, the Chair said that he had informed the Secretariat that, on the issue of Western Sahara, New Caledonia, the British Virgin Islands and American Samoa, the Cayman Islands, Guam, Guam, Guam, Guam, Guam, Guam, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands had no programme budget implications.
The Government of Ecuador will take its decision as soon as possible.
If further concluded by 30 per cent of the investment group, there is a need for a total of 50 per cent of the cost of commercial credit, and approximately 25 per cent of the total cost of the project or the beneficiaries of the project, the first amount of $1 billion to support the investment value of $2 billion.
Takes note of the resolution adopted by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity on the Prohibition of the Use and Control of Illicit Trafficking in Africa in Africa and its control in Africa;
At the ministerial meeting of the Ministerial Conference on Transit Transport Cooperation in Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries and Donor Countries and International Development Assistance on Transit Transport Cooperation in Small Arms and Light Weapons (UNCTAD) on UNCTAD's preparation for UNCTAD's report on the challenges and opportunities for further improving the transport and economic development of the transport system of transit and transit developing countries (UNCTAD/L.2/Rev.1).
The two Secretariat organized regional capacity-building workshops on trade and environmental environment.
These items or high value of these items, or the loss of the goods (or)
Today, let us join the world in the world's risk that the world has become non-discriminatory.
We need to maintain the role of the United Nations and to ensure that all States comply with the Charter of the United Nations.
As a State of debt, we will never have a poverty?
We are convinced that these changes will be more interested in the deliberations of the General Assembly, which will also contribute to the full debate, which will also promote full debate, thereby making it easier to implement decisions.
Programme and budget
It was referred to in General Assembly resolution 56/25 of 24 December 2001, and called upon the Secretary-General to strengthen the operational capacity of UNCTAD and other organizations of the United Nations system and other organizations of the United Nations system to support the activities of the recipient countries, particularly in developing countries, small island developing States, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States, in particular the activities of developing countries and landlocked developing countries to support them.
Iraq now has now been a Board of Management, which is the first representative of the country.
The two of them identified the road to peace, and all those who have access to freedom of peace.
President (spoke in French): The President of the United Nations is proud of the United Nations.
The fight against international terrorism is located in Croatia.
The political system of the Republic of Korea is a standing President of the Parliament, which contains certain characteristics of the Parliament.
There are also a reference to the violations and the provisions of this claim.
[Original: French]
Annex
Draft resolution
The mission has been composed of four military personnel, including four provinces and offices.
MONUC has taken a number of actions that have been collected in Kabul and had been detained by a number of weapons who have been injured.
Despite these challenges, humanitarian organizations continue to provide assistance to all access areas and to assessment of the area.
The report contains a number of matters that require action.
In the indicator of achievement (d) the words “and best practices” would be replaced with the words “to take best practices in the implementation of the annual programme plan.”
In the objectives of the Millennium Declaration, the words “in a medium-term plan” would be replaced by the words “in a medium-term plan for the medium-term plan”, taking into account the recommendations of the General Assembly (MDGs).
Also recommends that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, together with all Member States, in collaboration with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, in accordance with paragraph 21 of Economic and Social Council resolution 2003/7 of 25 April 2003, encourages Governments to organize meetings on human rights education in the regional and national levels to coordinate the achievements of the Decade;
Status of discrimination
Taking note of the resolution of 23 April 2003 of 23 April 2003,
Taking into account the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, including the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, as well as the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women,
Sudan
The system is working closely with the users, potential donors and end-users, as well as the users of users, services, services and international organizations, to ensure security, and to ensure security, navigation and identification systems.
Report of the Committee on Relations
FAO has organized a technical conference on enhancing the participation of stakeholders in the financial mechanism to identify ways to strengthen the participation of the national forest programmes and to establish partnerships for action.
The Secretary-General and his Special Envoy also maintained close contacts with other members of the international community.
“The President of the Security Council, in accordance with rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure, made a invitation under rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure, to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Iraq.
The Special Rapporteur believes that the United Nations should play a greater political role in the Sudan in order to support the current peace process and to achieve permanent and lasting peace.
He noted that the new body of the Committee on Women and Children, the ongoing discussions on the establishment of a national human rights institution, OHCHR organized training activities on the role of civil society in the Sudan and the role of civil society in strengthening the role of civil society in the Sudan.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are kindly requested to the Secretariat (A/C.3); Mr. M. M. M. M. M. B. B. B. B.C.); fax 1 (212) 963-5935).
In this context, regional leaders and civil society members must be held in consultation with regional organizations.
(h) Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP)
“Recalling also the relevant resolutions on human settlements, in particular the General Assembly, section 33 of the General Assembly, and resolution 33/10 of 16 December 1986 and its resolutions,
At its fifty-eighth session, the Council adopted resolution 2002/11 and 2002/2 and decision 2002/247.
At its 37th meeting, on 24 July, the observer for Cyprus also introduced a draft decision entitled “Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees” (E/2007/L.11).
b. In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/12 of 21 December 2001, the Human Settlements Commission was replaced with the Council of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (Habitat) from 1 January 2002.
At the same meeting, we note with satisfaction the number of Member States, and continue to report on standards and quality of the debate on the quality and improvement of quality.
The Falkland Islands does not change, unless it wished to change.
Encourages the relevant authorities to organize courses on children in schools, including mutual understanding, tolerance, human rights and promoting a culture of peace;
The case of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia is the importance of justice in the most difficult process.
At the same time, the General Assembly requires a decision on this matter.
4 As a result of terrorism, the Department of Political Affairs will cooperate with other departments in the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001) on crime and crime prevention and criminal justice centres.
As for the Tribunal, the Tribunal will work on the basis of the Agreement between the Tribunal and the Organization, in accordance with the agreement reached at United Nations Headquarters.
(b) To promote and promote dialogue with the main groups referred to in Agenda 21, including women, youth, business, trade unions, trade unions, the scientific community and non-governmental organizations and NGOs, as well as their participation in the work of these groups;
Objectives
23.2 The subprogramme is responsible for the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Objectives
Strategy
In particular, the work of decision-making is also supported by their policies and plans to take into account the social problems of water, energy and environmental issues.
performance
expected accomplishments
17.11 The main objective of the subprogramme should provide assistance to the victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies (including technical accidents) for the timely delivery of assistance.
The International Day of Volunteers is also an invitation to the United Nations to the United Nations Conference on Non-Governmental Organizations and to submit periodic reports and communications to the Board of Trustees of the United Nations on the activities of international Volunteers.
The Trial Chamber then concluded that these recommendations will be strictly implemented and evaluation.
Ms. Gm. (Norway) said that there was no doubt that the issue of human rights in counter-terrorism was being a pretext for combating terrorism, and against terrorism is a threat to human rights defenders.
Introduction
“The Security Council expresses its deep concern about the serious consequences of the ceasefire between 29 and 30 November and 30 June and the military forces of the European Union, and its serious consequences, as well as serious consequences.
Annex
The family: 8 per cent of their families:
They should be sent in one week of the date of this document.
The elderly as a group of older persons, but the poverty process had been forced to adapt to their control, economic and social environment, thus reducing their risk.
A specific group of groups indicated their common interest, but they agreed that social vulnerability to their full potential to eliminate their rights and rights.
The same family is the loss of medical costs and loss of income in the family.
In the case of armed conflict and other disasters, the informal support system often suffer from death, disappearance or forced migration.
The reference to the international responsibility of the “the international responsibility” indicates that the draft articles fully from international organizations.
The Committee does not mean that international organizations are not in the light of the scope of the draft articles, even if they are not possible, would like to adopt appropriate balance between the scope of the definition of the organization.
Annex
The primary responsibility for the protection of refugees and other persons responsible for UNHCR; UNHCR is the primary responsibility for the protection of refugees and other persons responsible for the protection of refugees and the protection of refugees and other persons responsible for the protection of refugees and their right to exercise their jurisdiction, and the need to ensure that UNHCR's access to international protection and assistance, in a more coherent manner, in order to enhance its efforts to meet its efforts and to address.
Taking into account the growing relationship between conflict management, human rights, human rights development policies, and development development policies, I extend to UNHCR's status.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts made by the Government of Chad to continue to work in the dialogue with the democratic and justice campaign and other opposition parties, and they are reflected in:
An important policy decision on the acquisition of goods is required to be made available to the seller, whether the goods should be given to the buyer, whether the goods should be transferred to the goods and other loans.
The benefits of this priority are to promote social goals.
For creditors, it is clear and the results of the actual priority rules and procedures for the provision of credit, as well as to identify and identify mechanisms to identify and identify the priority rules of priority.
General Assembly
The most common sign is the Chairman of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur on the protection and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
However, it is necessary to identify all the goods from Somalia or from Somalia to neighbouring countries, as well as to the large number of human and cross-border inspection equipment, while most of the countries of the region do not have their human resources.
Somalia is the most successful airport of the Congo, and the average of 1,000 vehicles and 500 tons of goods.
Conference on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
(d) Report of the Board of Auditors on the Advancement of Women (E/2003/59);
The Council's basic programme of work
Agenda item 11: Promotion and protection of children (continued)
Accordingly, the United States Government must take a vote on draft resolution.
Mr. Oi (Australia) agreed to support the Office of the Special Representative.
Ms. El Salvador (Egypt) said that she was disappointed that the outcome of the voting was also said that the delegations had been working together to find a low situation in the adoption of the draft resolution.
Article 45 of the Constitution contains discrimination as follows: “The right of discrimination in different forms of racial discrimination, political opinion, political opinion, religion or belief of their respective countries, or in any form of discrimination, or in any other than those who have not been bound by any other than those who are not subject to the consent of the parties.”
Persons with disabilities are entitled to discrimination and equal access to the above-mentioned services.
The rehabilitation services are provided by the company headquarters and regional centres (including the island of the island).
Because of the rules applicable to each category, the regulations also have been a distinction between the “child” and “child”.
As at October 2000, 40 children living in school were living in the family, with 16 girls.
The list of cases is set out in the table, and the total number of areas are listed in the table.
It is only able to make it possible in exceptional circumstances.
However, all high levels of pregnancy have been completed in the family hospitals.
The use of land is a major challenge for Malta.
It also provided support for the work plan and the support of students in order to be required to provide students.
Malta endorsed the concept of cultural, economic and social value as a broad basis.
The knowledge of these items are considered as a fundamental activity to ensure that national sustainable development, since it is the potential of economic value to society.
The Housing Authority
While efforts are being made, war, poverty, HIV/AIDS, HIV/AIDS, HIV/AIDS and other issues continue to undermine the sustainable development of Africa.
In particular, I would like to share the problems of financial, debt, market access and technology.
The importance of trade in countries will not be slow.
These procedures also have also been established in accordance with the management of associations, surveillance and auditors.
All persons with disabilities are necessary to protect the rights of all persons with disabilities, without discrimination, and in full, equal enjoyment of human rights, and to “the principle of equal treatment of any discrimination or other discriminatory forms of discrimination against persons with disabilities or any discrimination against the rights of persons with disabilities”.
It was therefore expressed that the informal document of the Law on the Law of the two States of the two States, as well as that such a negotiated convention, a strict prohibition of human cloning in the form of human cloning, which is in order to seek the use of any other forms of human cloning, or to the future of the State party to the future, or to impose their domestic legislation.
C. Action
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, I will be invited to invite the Permanent Observer of the Holy See to be invited to participate in the Council.
However, we must not forget the humanitarian dimension of Iraq.
We urge the Government of Iraq to take the right to decide.
Over the years, Member States have called for humanitarian agencies to make it possible.
Non-Self-Governing Territories, terrorism, terrorism and aggression are often a threat to international systems.
The situation in the Gaza Strip and the Gaza Strip, which has been over two years — is the insecurity of the political impasse and the economic instability.
Therefore, my delegation will have the largest contribution of the international community to achieving these goals.
Those who have been subjected to justice, such as the prohibition of the State or the struggle against the island.
He would clarify and further detailed information on such methods and the necessary human rights needs.
These treaties are consistent with section 13 of the Criminal Procedure Code.
Table 21
The situation of employment and unemployment in all countries in the region, despite the most recent, Argentina, Uruguay and Venezuela, because of the most serious economic crises.
Agenda
There is no strict distinction between the discussion of the scientific policy on the grounds of scientific facts.
The funding and external resources are the main sources of assessments.
The results of the results are also important for the collection process of data and data on data collection (see www.un.org/index.htm).
Security Council
Developing countries are increasingly interested in multilateral discussions on domestic regulations.
Cuba.
In addition, the Secretariat continued to submit to the troop contributors.
With regard to this issue, see paragraph 2 (a) and (b) of the responses.
The camps and resettlement points have been destroyed by armed forces, and refugees were forced to use effective asylum procedures.
In addition, the High Commissioner decided to convene a forum on special arrangements for the Conference on special arrangements, and to assess the burden of assessments for the Forum.
The question of “Somaliland” also remains dispute.
On 23 July, a vehicle was opened by the United Nations aircraft.
Annex
The report indicates that Brazil and non-governmental organizations participated in the preparation process, but she wondered whether the report was adopted by the Government of Brazil or the National Assembly.
The students are most aware of religious schools, science and learning.
(c) Training
Accordingly, the Panel recommends compensation for this claim.
General Assembly and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Weapons.
“8. Welcomes the importance of the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance, and welcomes the measures taken to strengthen the functioning of the Convention and the Commission;
“The Programme of Action to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination
Annex
The key environmental challenges in the Arctic is: (i) the impact of commercial fishing and its impact on the marine environment and its impact on the marine environment, growth and mortality rate; (ii) and (ii) environmental degradation in the Arctic environment, although it is expected to lead to the expansion of its industrial development activities; and (iii) the expansion of the oil sector in the area of the North-South industrial development and protection of the marine environment;
Several delegations expressed the view that the use of fishing in the area of national jurisdiction in the area of illegal fishing, organic pollutants, sea activities, sea activities, and the impact of climate change, as well as a real and sustained threat to the marine environment.
Use of racism and information
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue its partnership with local, national and regional networks, and to send the United Nations to each world;
The programme agreed with the Global Youth Monitoring Programme, which is the need to support the business opportunities and to be found.
Mr. P-4, 1 P-3, France, Vice-President,
H.E. Mr. K. L.
Globalization and its impact on all human rights
Mr. M. M. D. Mr. President, speaking on behalf of our first session, I would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference on Disarmament.
With regard to verification, a comprehensive approach has been made and a broad-based approach.
Since 1987, the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, has been registered in the West Bank (including East Jerusalem) and the total housing of the Palestinian housing in the West Bank, resulting from 16 to 16 Palestinians.
The three-year investment project is currently currently available, and the value of the insurance value of $1 million; the amount of $1 million for the entry into force of 50 new loans were allocated to commitments in November.
(c) The Occupied Palestinian Territory will be able to implement a wide range of programmes in post-conflict environments;
Ms. D. D., p.m.
I would like to draw the attention of the recent terrorist attacks against Israel.
Introduction
At the same time, more than 100 students were registered in Eastern Europe, the Soviet Union and China.
According to the 2000 census, the number of women and 5 per cent of the population and 5 per cent of the population had completed a high secondary secondary secondary secondary school in the number of women and men.
Between 1995 and 1995 the number of local hospitals had increased from 4 to 8 local hospitals, and the number of local hospitals increased from 18 to 18 hospitals, from 18 to 18 hospitals, and the number of health centres had increased from 29 to 17 were from 17 to 17 per cent.
The Lao People's Association will also explore innovative approaches to providing advice and reproductive health services to adolescents.
In the same course, the child's children are also a collective campaign in the name of the H.S.
Indigenous children have taken note of our experience in the United Nations system, which is also linked to human rights instruments.
Turkey as observers for the first meeting of the States Parties to the Ottawa Convention, held in September 1999 and announced that the first decade was intended to accede to the Convention.
These debates are also instrumental in identifying and clarify this issue.
However, everyone is aware that if terrorists have access to weapons of mass destruction.
We are confident that we have just begun.
I now conclude its consideration of agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
Chile supports the Secretary-General's efforts to create the human rights regime, particularly in the context of the request of the Secretary-General to create a growing burden on States.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the feasibility of the existing peacekeeping operations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“The security concerns on political issues”
The subsidiary bodies shall take into account the geographical distribution and the types of legal systems.
In the first phase, the Committee focused on ensuring that national legislation relating to counter-terrorism had been taken into account in all aspects of resolution 1373 (2001); they have taken steps to become parties to the international conventions and protocols relating to the financing of terrorism; and they have already established effective mechanisms to combat terrorism.
Use of environmentally sound technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the other languages.
(a) Report of the Economic and Social Council in 2003
The Agency's monitoring mechanism includes the national, donor and the lead agency.
Annex
Taking into account the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, including resolution 54/12 of 22 December 1999 and 55/20 of 20 December 2000,
In the context of sustainable development and eradication of poverty, the protection of health services and the strengthening of national health services is increasingly important, as well as to promote and implement these goals as a result of social and social sustainability indicators.
In order to achieve progress, we need to be constructive dialogue and to make specific recommendations.
Mr. H.E (India): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the United Nations Pacific Islands Forum: Australia, the Republic of Korea, the Marshall Islands, the Marshall Islands, New Zealand, Samoa, Samoa, Vanuatu and our country.
The individual committee may also play an important role in discussion on the basis of the above-mentioned and in the manner.
She was said that she had submitted a proposal to the Commission at its forty-first session to the Commission on Trade and the Senate and the International Criminal Court, which would amend the domestic tax Act, as well as the fact that the Government decided to eliminate the majority of the tax provisions of the case of the majority.
The findings and conclusions of the Board, as well as the recommendations of the Board are generally acceptable.
In order to make a better understanding of the obstacles involved in the production and water network, the SBSTA requested the secretariat to prepare a report on specific issues and solutions to these issues, as well as to the outcomes of the SBSTA at its twentieth session, to submit to the SBSTA at its twentieth session.
In particular, China is concerned from the purchase of oil, and had signed a agreement with the country in 1998 with a number of oil resources in the country to participate in the development of oil resources in the Western Sahara.
Article 10 of the Constitution provides that the status of international treaties is higher than the Czech legislation.
The Act on freedom of access to information was established on the basis of the right to access to information and the right to access to information and to provide basic requirements.
Resolution S-23/2, annex.
WFP/FAO report states that the reconstruction of the year in 2003 had increased 12 per cent in the drought, as compared to 12 per cent in the past year.
In accordance with the Ministry of Health for the Health of the Child on the basis of a week to five years of health strategies.
The President of Timor-Leste made a visit to UNESCO headquarters and UNESCO to strengthen cooperation in the areas of education and science.
The Council of Ministers presented legislation on this policy document.
The United Nations Mission in East Timor, United Nations agencies, funds and programmes have provided technical assistance to enhance the capacity of the National Police and public administration, in full respect of democracy and human rights.
It decided to resume the wording of the proposal (b) of the Secretariat (see A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.17, para. 79, para.
Annex
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also considered that the President of the Group of 77 and China had not been a important signal that he urged all Member States to reconsider their position in this process.
Italy
As a result of the increased experience of procurement and the use of the P-2 software, this limit has increased to $1,000 to all of all.
The Controller is responsible for the implementation of this recommendation.
The Director of the Treaty will be responsible for implementing this recommendation.
The Russian Federation believes that the measures should be taken to restore the stability of Iraq.
The development of sustainable, without pollution is a key factor in the objective of the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
The students and teachers and teachers have also begun.
World Tourism Organization
7 The administrative management of the B.
The conclusions and recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination reflected in the report of the Commission on Coordination and Coordination at its forty-fourth session and in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and further modifications to this note
So far, only one country ( Botswana) has the list.
The statistics related to programmes are usually considered as a tool for development, implementation or evaluation of health policies.
In order to implement the Plan of Action adopted by the European Union, the European Union has decided to focus on several measures.
The EU and its member States have actively committed to the Conference on Disarmament to seek consensus on the basis of the mandate of the Special Coordinator and its mandate on a non-discriminatory, multilateral and international agreements on the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or nuclear explosive devices.
Jordan's position to achieve the above-mentioned goals may be summarized as follows:
My delegation recognizes that this tragic situation, and in this regard, I reiterated the appeal of President Abbas to call for the international community to conclude its efforts during the debate of the two weeks before the General Assembly, during the debate of the two weeks ago, to make a legally binding international instrument on weapons.
Other corruption include the protection of the “the” and the victims, compensation, extradition, legal assistance and bank.
Deeply concerned about violence and discrimination against many women,
This analysis must be directly involved in the relevant agencies and programmes.
As a result of the published programme, the Division should update existing publications or the necessary publications.
This approach cannot be considered as a result of reform, but it can only be regarded as a result of the mandate and objectives of the Commission and the overall role of the United Nations in the field of disarmament and international peace and security.
I also wish to take this opportunity to congratulate the members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should be able to provide appropriate administrative support for the scientific and technological centres.
(a) The legal representative of the scientific and technological centres shall be responsible for the administration and its functioning;
Uruguay has made a commitment to contribute to the restoration and maintenance of peace in the region and that it had been attended by 20 years since it had participated in that end.
As many countries of the continent, Ethiopia has long been suffering from conflict and war and their consequences, in this regard, it may be more more than other countries.
It was reported that the project against children was an important activity in UNICEF and the Office of the United Nations Office on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, the judiciary and the President of the Sudan.
The Committee notes that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 ( Political Affairs), and stressed the need for programme managers to comply with the provisions of the Programme Planning, Budget, the Implementation of the Regulations and Rules of the Budget, the Implementation of the Regulations and Rules of the Budget, and Rules.
If we continue to continue to promote the reform of the Organization's reform goals, it is not possible to say that the promotion of peace in the Middle East?
In addition, in July 2000, the National Policy for Women's Women's Policy provides a positive action to increase the proportion of women in government legislation and bodies at all levels to increase in the number of women in political parties.
Source: Report
5 May 2001
On 6 June 2003, the President of the Council made a statement to the press and the efforts of the Quartet.
The above-mentioned resolution affirms the need to end Israel's occupation of Arab territories, and that it is necessary to exercise the right of the Palestinian people to exercise their right to self-determination in their own lands.”
Introduction
In my next report, I have not been able to find it at the same time that the aircraft had not been able to return to Lebanese airspace in the north of the south of the northern part of the UNIFIL area, and thus prevented the direct observation and verification.
The Working Group also held informal consultations.
The establishment of the construction of the premises should be more accessible to buildings.
The report also discussed trends in the scope of the use and methods of the use of contraceptives.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002
In spite of the strong commitment made by the international community, the representative of Morocco, but also with regret that the world's world has still continued to undermine the stability of poverty and hunger, the climate change in many countries, and that the climate change continues to undermine the lack of access to drinking water and sanitation, and that the suffering of thousands of children, resulting from the poor and poor.
Other matters
Recalling the commitment of the Heads of State and Government to take measures at the Millennium Summit to ensure respect for the human rights of migrants, migrant workers, migrant workers and their families and their families, to eliminate racism and racial discrimination,
This trend confirmed the trend in the Lao People's Democratic Republic since 1999.
All of the meetings of the Committee will be consolidated in a separate corrigendum for the Conference, after the end of the session.
In accordance with the provisions of Economic and Social Council resolution 53/94, the following draft provisional agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission, as follows:
The debate showed that although progress has been made in implementing the Convention, the main aspects of the region remained very useful.
There is a growing increase in the incidence of water and reduction in the soil and the reduction of water.
Through the tenth anniversary of this world, it can be re-establish experience and knowledge sharing.
The travel is not required to leave the home, such as the case of a maximum of 10 hours, or more than 10 hours, such as the period of age or more than 10 hours.
The return of the child
The work of the regional intergovernmental organizations involves broad issues, including economic, trade, transport, energy, environmental and development cooperation.
Against:
This statement requires States to take concrete action on the application of the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Mr. Patii (Indonesia) proposed a delegation to assist the Committee in its support of the Committee and its inalienable rights.
Decides to extend the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force to six months and to 30 June 2004
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 54-22.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to increase the number of women's representation in the elections, including the establishment of electoral law, in particular in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, to implement temporary special measures to achieve the rights of women in all areas of public life, particularly in the field of public life.
The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts, inter alia, to encourage men and women to make a wide range of educational options, to help them fully development.
Introduction
The Committee is concerned about the recent changes in Colombia of the United Kingdom, in particular indigenous women.
It is also concerned that the law on the rights of indigenous peoples in the context of discussions were not dealt with in other laws, including those relating to the right to property, identity and family affairs.
Emphasizes the importance of further strengthening cooperation and cooperation between the United Nations and the United Nations Development Group in this regard welcomes the participation of the United Nations Development Group on Sustainable Development;
UNICEF is a joint Chairman of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Sustainable Development.
In UNESCO's support, the New Public Information Fund has established two points to the “the best report to the Women's Women's Affairs”, another is the “the most gender awareness of the number of journalists or women's groups”.
In the area of media and peace, special attention should be given to Latin America and Africa.
In December 2001, UNESCO met with UNESCO's international non-governmental organizations to maintain formal relations and adopted a plan of action entitled “A culture of non-proliferation and non-proliferation in the framework of the International Decade for the Children of the World's Children's Day”, which was launched in December 2002.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution contained in paragraph 15 of the report of the Second Committee (see A/58/86) (resolution 58/232).
It also describes the basic characteristics of the value of the value of the market.
The Director of the Finance Director, held in Thailand from 3 to 8 May 2000 in Thailand and the Asian Development Division, respectively, from 2 to 8 May 2000.
In addition, the Government's study on the possibility of creating civil society ( particularly in particular, to take into account their vulnerability to HIV/AIDS and to assistance.
She appears that care should not be considered as a result of women's rights, in fact that there should be a joint responsibility for women and men.
Elimination of All of all nuclear and biological weapons are the United Nations.
The commitment of the deployment of troops is not the only challenge facing the United Nations.
In many cases, the United Nations has not deployed a post-conflict post-conflict peacebuilding work.
The island of America has a large number of negotiations, and it is very very much possible to conclude by 2015.
In the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights has intensified its request to assist countries in promoting good governance and strengthening their national human rights protection systems.
General Assembly
Its objective is to undermine the freedom and freedom of expression through violence, to undermine the freedom of expression and freedom of expression, such as all civilizations.
It uses the weaknesses and gaps in the judicial order.
Mexico will continue to cooperate in this global effort, and we are convinced that international law should not be considered as a valuable tool for the fight against terrorism.
* For the initial report of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, see CEDAW/C/SR.52, para.
The law also provides that learning and skills, the Committee should take fully into account the need for equal opportunities between different ethnic groups, men and women, men and persons with disabilities.
The Government has provided other measures to promote women's role in the area of work and technology,: “the-old woman's review” was a strategic review aimed at identifying the priority areas of priority areas to improve the recruitment and technology in the field of employment and technology, and to highlight women's empowerment and achievements in the field of work.
Two members of the Central African Republic were also headed by the President of the General Assembly and the President of the General Assembly, on 14 October 2002, two women were women and women.
See annex 2.
In particular, the Government introduced a plan of action to address the incidence of rape and convictions.
This document takes into account the comments made on the plan of action for consultations and provided a comprehensive statement on violence against women.
In the effective international and local contracts, the United Nations may not be acceptable to the United Nations or in the context of effective international and local contracts, or in accordance with the conditions and conditions of authority, if it is not acceptable to such contracts.
The final progress has been made in the process of implementation.
We believe that progress in the resumption of negotiations should be taken into account as at the date of 21 November.
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs
Follow-up to the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General
The Secretary-General's reform and strengthening of the Organization's initiative, which is the United Nations is the common interest of all Member States.
This is the special needs of Africa.
It is clear that the consensus on the current United Nations, in which the United Nations is a view to increasing the non-permanent members of the Security Council, we will support this practice.
Mr. Liden (Australia), Vice-President of the Commission (Australia and the Vice-Chairman.
We believe that the Additional Protocol is an important instrument to further strengthen the IAEA safeguards regime.
In the context of the development of these systems, the Court needs to be very limited.
The present budget has shown that the Court would require more than more than one Trial Chamber, the Appeals Chamber, may also include the Trial Chamber to address the work of the Prosecutor.
Note by the Secretariat on the specific facts on the responsibility of individual prisoners,
Recommendations
• To provide effective support to the Legal Affairs and the Legal Subcommittee in the case of the prosecution
The Office has planned to increase the second survey teams in June 2004.
The importance of monitoring and records and the importance of monitoring its use.
This operation requires assistance to ensure regular access to the field offices.
Through the Office of the United Nations Security Coordinator, the Director of the United Nations Security Council and other international organizations, the Chief of Security Council and consultations, the security interests of the Court is also the security interests of the Court.
The objective of the subprogramme is to continue to provide the International Criminal Court in order to develop a wide range of approaches to the use of different ways and means of sharing the principles of the best practices, objectives and action to the public and the public, to create a good basis for the work of the organization; the establishment of a sound public information technology and services in order to support the activities of the Court in order to support of its activities.
(viii) To draw attention to the Secretariat's attention to any matters that must be considered;
The Committee considers that the proposed emergency reserve is not appropriate to the Secretariat.
The Trust Fund for Victims
Several issues have not been discussed.
I am pleased to inform you that my Government has accepted the Agreement on the Privileges and Immunities of the Privileges and Immunities of the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations and authorized me to sign this agreement.
Report of the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Report of the Secretary-General
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget)
2.2 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments, as a matter of priority to Governments and international organizations, as a matter of priority to implement Agenda 21 and the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Table 36
(d) Convention on the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons
Reaffirming the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits,
I would like to say today on this matter.
We call on the International Trade Organization, adopted by the International Conference on Trade and Development, adopted by the International Trade Organization.
The Secretary-General has submitted its recommendations (A/58/585) and the Advisory Committee will be submitted.
Agenda
Stresses the importance of further strengthening the activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to promote and implement the right to development, including the provision of financial resources and human resources, to ensure the effective use of the mandate of the Working Group on the right to development;
Other factors
The members of the Committee are explained in the context and goals.
The law against sexual abuse of children.
However, some girls were completed or completed.
In addition, the Government and civil society has also taken other actions:
- The change in the history of society continues to be reduced by the fact that women's progress has been reduced.
As indicated in some delegations, the amount of reimbursement for contingent-owned equipment was significantly higher than in 2002; the number of troop-contributing countries could be able to complete the cost of contingent-owned equipment and the cost of contingent-owned equipment.
Some of the Advisory Committee considered that the recommendations of the Fifth Committee and the troop-contributing countries were directly addressed.
The Republic of Croatia therefore has thus concluded its obligations under the European Union as a whole of the whole legislation, which would be able to limit the overall legal adjustment to gender equality.
The amendment to article 6 of the Criminal Code adopted by the Republic of Croatia on trafficking in persons adopted in 2000.
Source: Central Statistics Division
However, if we take into account other resources ( local and humanitarian), the number of people who have benefited more than an estimated estimated estimated in 1998 and the number of people in 1998 (J.J, 1999 and 2000).
* The Ministry of Health has continued its activities until the end of 2003 is the programme of the programme to protect reproductive health and overall health education, workshops, seminars, workshops and seminars, workshops and seminars, workshops and seminars.
His delegation strongly condemned the inclusion of the item in the agenda of the Conference, which violated the principles of territorial integrity in the Charter.
It was stated that, in accordance with the understanding made by the goods and whether they were in the initial transport means.
A alternative proposal should be prepared to extend the protection of all parties involved in the operation of the sea, including independence.
One member of the Security Council noted that the Council should take a decision on the future mandate of the Coordinator after December 2003.
The report (S/2000/65, S/2000/65, S/2002/66, S/2002/66, S/2002/65, para.
Iraq will continue to return to Kuwait, or to return to their families.
The Coordinator hopes that the efforts to identify the fate of the PK.
H. Al-Qaida Al-Qaida
The Chairman noted that the Committee's recommendation to be allocated to the General Assembly.
Finally, we wish to strengthen the CTC's efforts to strengthen further work on counter-terrorism.
The promotion of global markets — the use of communications and the use of the media, better transport and the use of international travel and more more effective international travel means to contribute to the development of global terrorism — the development of the global terrorism network, which has led to a common understanding of the values and integrity of civilizations, in particular, and thus undermining the common values and integrity of civilizations.
“The terrorism is a cause of society.
In many cases, the post-conflict amount has been postponed; it is now not delayed; and it is not a significant impact on these functions.
The United Nations Development Group will develop a plan to strengthen the effectiveness of the United Nations system in developing countries.
The Division has also been launched at the level of reform at the level of monitoring and Research Division (see the Department of Public Information) and the Research Division, which has been integrated into a section of the United Nations Global Operations Section, which has been used in the case.
The monitoring function has been expanded in addition to the existing urban indicators and information systems, including monitoring urban inequality.
The themes of development will include analysis methods and communication, advocacy, networks and teams.
A new characteristics of the people of Afghanistan in 2007.
What challenge is to be addressed:
As a result of other resources, the National Committee is usually fund-raising on the basis of other resources, which would be likely to increase regular resources and other resources.
Given the limited resources provided by the Foundation, non-members are generally limited to the activities and activities of non-compliance with the preparations for the preparation of the work of the Organization.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Mexico has coordinated various programmes in collaboration with the Ministry of Education and Education and the United States, as well as the relevant United States departments, including the provision of educational programmes for children, youth and adults.
The Government of the Philippines has failed to demonstrate that the rights and dignity of migrant workers and the dignity of migrant workers had not been able to receive them from illegal practices related to a very useful way.
In Latin America, in Latin America, UNIFEM is supporting the same trends in the number of women migrant workers, with a view to providing support for the establishment of knowledge on the current migration process affecting women's causes and consequences of the current migration process.
The management and documents of the small-scale conference constitute a central role and fundamental aspects of the world's daily operation (see A/57/57/87, para.
In consultation with the Department of Management, the Department has worked to find ways to identify methods and to prepare a timetable for the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
• Promotion of human rights and gender
The previous table provides advice on the functions set out in article 10 of the Agreement, which is not limited to the same power, and in the light of the fact that it is often limited to the different areas of scientific matters, which may be held in the North-East Europe, which may have been able to provide advice to the Council in the North-East Europe, to provide advice to the United Nations Council in the North-East Atlantic.
Annex
For example, the Conference of the Parties, in its decision II (II) and II.
The International Criminal Court Staff Regulations and the resolutions of the General Assembly of States Parties to the International Criminal Court.
The scope of the provisions of the Convention on the Use of the International Maritime Organization.
Reaffirming also the importance of effective drug control legislation and national policies to reduce drug trafficking in drugs and related consequences,
Iraq said that there was no timely delivery of goods, since the term “in the case of 4 July 1990” was sent and sent to the Panel on 4 July 1990.
The Arab Association of Arab States seeks compensation in the amount of compensation for the claim under the period from 17 to 178, and 177, which had been referred to in the amount of compensation for the families of Saudi Arabia in the amount of compensation in the amount of compensation for their families in the amount of the claim.
As a result of the signing of a memorandum of understanding reached in Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, the N's invasion and occupation of Kuwait; the N's database had been concluded in the first term of the research agreement signed by the B.
According to the above, the Panel recommends compensation for payment or relief to others.
See S.S. S. S.S. v. Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait
The case relates to the International Foundation of the Red Crescent Foundation (B.B) of International International Organization for International Law, the International Maritime Organization, which is located in the Bureau of the Committee.
This document is submitted by the above-mentioned requests.
At the same time, India reiterates its commitment to global nuclear disarmament and commitment to the following policies: non-nuclear-weapon States or nuclear-weapon States to use or use of nuclear weapons.
In the same context, India announced the establishment of its nuclear command institutions, including a political Council, as the only body of approval.
Since the High Commissioner, I stressed that, in particular in the project.
It is true that many countries do not have a poor country, or that they are more than the world's development, or they are in a low-income countries, or in the context of their low-income countries.
The Court must review the right to protect the fundamental rights of the Basic Law.
(b) To reduce the time required for peacekeeping operations;
The establishment of a consultant is requested to provide expertise to the monitoring, evaluation and advisory Division in the design process to facilitate effective monitoring of military aspects of peacekeeping operations.
Some Parties have further introduced this issue and noted that the media had been entitled “the quality of information in climate change” (France), “the media did not have not clearly clearly stated that the relationship between international negotiations and domestic commitments, or the role of the media” (Italy).
Sweden stressed that the people must be aware and aware of these issues, and it must also know how to address the problem and to do so.
The media participated in the media.
The proposed reduction measures are divided into a short-term (1 April) and long-term action.
The strengthening of institutions and programmes for donors must be an early activity in this component.
The destruction of water is not used in vulnerable ecosystems may lead to changes and species.
(f) The Government of Egypt reported that human rights education has been included in the curriculum and/or schools.
The latter's view is that there is no full social obligation or responsibility, not only the rights of the individual, but not only those responsible, if they can be defined in an appropriate manner, whether they can be defined in the international framework and domestic law, if they can be defined in an appropriate manner, whether they can be defined in the form of an appropriate manner and important interests.
Mr. Al-Qaida
The Convention applies to all United Nations actions, such as the United Nations political missions, post-conflict peace-building offices, or humanitarian missions, but is required by the Security Council or the General Assembly (art.
Other documents
We are also convinced that the construction of the wall in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, particularly in the occupied West Bank and the occupied East Jerusalem.
With regard to the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, we wish to reiterate our grave concern about the continuing violence and excessive use of force, the loss of life, loss and damage.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Assessment.
It is therefore unlikely that the Syrian banking system could not be suspicious.
There are no doubt that: I have not been able to produce?
He was one of the expertise of the training camps, which is also the use of anti-corruption.
The scope of the activities carried out by H.S.
We believe that this development is a very important contribution to the Security Council, which will allow the Security Council to make it important decisions to make a greater sense of responsibility and objectives.
I give the floor to the representative of Iraq.
Economic exploitation also refers to the harmful social and development of the child's children's health and development of their health and development, which impede their responsibilities to school or to perform schools, or to comply with the provisions of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Other enterprises and business enterprises should ensure that workers and their families are able to provide adequate standard of living.
Spain
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The Chairman of the Commission on Human Rights at its fifty-ninth session introduced the Chairman of the Commission on Human Rights and the coordinator of the Bureau, as well as the coordinator of the regional groups of Latin America and the Caribbean, Latin America and the Caribbean (on behalf of the Group of Latin America and the Caribbean, the Group of Latin America and the Caribbean (on behalf).
Preparatory Committee
They recommended that each treaty body take measures to improve press release.
President: history
The computerization Division is composed of 1 Professional and 3 General Service General Service, responsible for effective application and continued development.
Accordingly, Mexico requested the Court to decide and declare:
The following case is only subject to understanding the decision of the Court.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 402, No. 578.
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism
Once the funds entered into the bank system, even if the funds entered into a bank would be transferred to the bank, if they were transferred to the bank, they are likely to be used in such as the illicit purposes of financing such as terrorism.
With regard to the general standards, the United States supported the further consideration of the proposed staffing system and looks forward to the Committee's detailed report on the effectiveness of the report of the General Assembly, as a result of the decision of the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session.
This partnership requires mutual responsibilities: developing countries and political reform in developing countries, in particular through assistance, trade and debt relief.
All claimants in Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait
In accordance with the methodology set out in paragraph 2 of the first “E4” report, the Panel has not been unable to recover the claims for the period from 26 to 2 to 15 of the second instalment.
Report of the Secretary-General
Taking into account the need to address extreme weather events and natural disasters,
I have the honour to transmit herewith a statement by the General Assembly of the International Conference on Peace and Non-Proliferation of Peace and Non-Proliferation of Peace, held in New York on 26 April 2003, which was adopted by the World Conference on Peace and Non-Violence (see annex).
Appointment of members of the Credentials Committee.
Taking into account the provisions of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993,
The people of Estonia and I have joined all the representatives of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General on Human Rights, Mr. Vieira de Mello, and others were killed.
Estonia has acceded to all 12 United Nations counter-terrorism conventions and is actively engaged in cooperation with many countries and international organizations.
The Criminal Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina provides for the sale and treatment of criminal activities, including the collection and means of confiscation, as well as the protection of items.
In addition to the United Nations and international organizations, the Office of the United Nations and the International Civil Aviation Association, in particular international non-governmental organizations, the International Civil Aviation Association (I) and the International Maritime Organization (I), the World Bank of the International Maritime Organization (A), the World Customs Organization (A) of the International Maritime Organization (A).
English and French is the language of its work, but in some other forums, such as Spanish.
The title of a person or the goods, or the seller's business, and they are also committed to continuing relations with the debtor and their business, and may be able to pay new contracts or trade to increase the value of their existing claims through increased value of new loans.
A number of laws have been adopted by the fact that the insolvency representative did not act on the basis of the contract, which would lead to a contract, for example, to be considered or unacceptable.
The representative of the insolvency may be a person, or in certain jurisdictions, may be a company or other legal entity.
(viii) A third of the creditors shall be responsible for any other matters of the insolvency or the court.
As mentioned above (Part III, A and B), the insolvency law may wish to provide the confidentiality of the debtor and the insolvency representative.
(a) To provide advice and assistance to the insolvency representative or the debtor;
(d) To take appropriate safeguards, in other legal procedures, to prevent delays in the application of legal requirements for the use of law.
The creditor did not have a final report and accounting for the claim before the final report and the other provisions of the insolvency law, which may be possible.
If the claimant's claim is under the procedure, such a claim is usually subject to the nature of the insolvency proceedings and that the dispute could be applied in the case of an interim measure, in the case of a category of claims (a) and in the light of the application of a certain category of claims (a) and (see chap. II. II).
The insolvency proceedings often need to assist some staff, such as the insolvency representative or the insolvency representative.
Priority
The practice of many insolvency law requires that the insolvency representative should be held on the basis of the accounts and distribution of assets.
The threat to an attack is also a normal way of Israel.
We have not yet done so to see any practical steps taken by Israel.
As a member of the Conference on Disarmament, I endorse the views of the members of the Conference, which we are to ensure that the issues of conflict through dialogue and peace.
Calls upon all States to take into account the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Racism and Racial Discrimination, in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Racism and Racial Discrimination,
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur has access to the necessary resources to enable him to fulfil its mandate;
The revised revised programme includes the overall direction and subprogramme 4 ( Sustainable Development) and a new subprogramme entitled “ Financing for Development”.
The General Assembly continued to emphasize the need for a gender perspective in all policies and programmes relating to children.
At the request of the President, the members of the Council should be distributed to informal consultations.
The Secretary-General believes that these credentials are consistent with the provisions.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
The South-South African Development Initiative (UNDP) had submitted the “United Nations Development Programme — Namibia, Panama, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Ecuador, Peru and Botswana”.
The effective use of local remedies in the bilateral settlement of the country is an exception.
The Chinese delegation supported the principle of the International Court of Justice to establish the principle of diplomatic protection as the main principle of diplomatic protection.
Thirdly, national practice should be able to determine the possibility of establishing a unilateral action or acts of aggression; the State is likely to determine the possibility of establishing effective standards; the State party's commitment, in particular, not limited to the relevant criteria relating to the conduct or withdrawal of an act or unilateral commitment;
The Association has also worked closely with the United Nations Conference on Disarmament, conflict and peace in peace and peace.
Currently, there is a project to strengthen the role of civil society in the expansion of reproductive health.
In the world's growing support, the growth of Brazil is the most rapid area of Brazil, Canada, Egypt, France, Germany, Germany, India, India, India, Japan, Mexico, the Netherlands, Mexico, the Philippines, the Philippines, Turkey, the Russian Federation, Turkey and the United States.
Mexico's approach to the protection of refugees may be a clear example of the problem of refugees.
For the tenth anniversary of the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, Mr. Jean-Marie Guéhenno, Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs, will be held on Monday, 4 December 2003, from 1.15 to 2.45 p.m. in the General Assembly, on Monday, 4 December 2003.
Address by His Excellency His Excellency Mr. Om.
Convention on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, Geneva
In this regard, I would like to emphasize the very important role of IAEA in providing technical assistance to Member States, and noting the progress made in improving the efficiency of technical cooperation programmes.
The Plan of Action will contribute to further confidence-building and ensuring good security records in this regard.
With regard to the implementation of the nuclear terrorism action plan, Mexico supports measures to improve security for all nuclear materials.
However, the Agency's staff and many other parts of these areas will allow us to better and better security.
A natural person is not in place, and in its own name.
(c) Any objection to the signature of an electronic signature;
The Working Group may wish to note that the definition of such a definition of a instrument in the formulation of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce was not in the context of the definition of such a instrument, and that the Guide to Enactment.
The evaluation will be conducted in two stages.
2.4.4 In the context of the use of hazardous goods, the provisions should be met in order to meet the provisions of the requirements.
“3. States should review their infrastructure and identify interdependence with the protection of such facilities.
Reaffirming the need to strengthen the scientific and technological activities of the United Nations system and the Commission on Science and Technology for Development, particularly in developing countries,
From 3 to 3 December 2003, the President of the Security Council will provide an informal briefing on the work of non-members of the United Nations on behalf of the members of the Security Council on the day, except on the day of informal consultations.
Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of States: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/582)
A/C.3/60/L.4 -- Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcome of the World Summit on Sustainable Development,
Paragraph 4 shows that young girls provide space for self-determination.
As a result of the meeting of the General Assembly on 27 October, the proposed Open-ended Open-ended Open-ended Working Group on commodities could be considered by existing conference services.
In this regard, we note of the report on Human Rights in 2003, which the situation was unable to improve the situation in sub-Saharan Africa would have to be achieved in the area of universal primary primary primary education, which will be achieved in the context of the universal primary primary primary education, which will reduce poverty and the reduction of child mortality.
The situation in Africa is the real risk of international peace and security.
This is the understanding of Ethiopia's recovery.
Developing countries must overcome a series of obstacles that can use the market.
We also hope that the Commission can facilitate the work of the Committee.
This is a result of the murder of three Israeli citizens, which had been killed and about 40 others.
“The complainant's mandate, and the complainant found that this situation does not appear in a sustained situation, because of the fact that the Convention has been imposed on Belgium (the entry into force of 14 June 2000) and that the provisions of the Convention had been deprived of life.”
In particular, the Human Rights Committee and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights has often found no act in violation of a article, and then recommended that these measures could be taken into account.
The State party's objections to the admissibility of the author's claim, which is subject to the application of the State party's application by the State party, which is not affected by the State party;
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination is also the issue of discrimination against the employer's access to credit markets, and the opportunity for public services.
The Human Rights Committee,
1 See, for example, on behalf of the Human Rights Committee; A/58/17 v. Togo, 25 March 1996, vol. II, annex II, para.
Report of the Secretariat on the world situation on drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
It was elected at the University of the University to provide further training to the teachers and to be able to work abroad.
On 13 May 2003, the Board of Auditors decided that, in the case of an audit of the audit, it was the first case of the Court's decision of the Court.
Annex
In the past year, the nuclear non-proliferation regime has been slow and clearly demonstrated the urgent need to strengthen the system.
A total of $1 million and $1 million was agreed in this joint programme.
(a) Sustainable urbanization
S/GC/1
The Special Rapporteur of the Special Rapporteur, Mr. Paul B, introduced a detailed study on this topic.
(d) Conflict
Bulgaria also has also signed a memorandum of understanding on the exchange of financial information on the exchange of financial information on Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, the Czech Republic, Italy, Romania, Romania, Poland and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
Subsequently, the island has no longer been able to have a central administration in Cyprus.
The political leaders of the Greek Cypriot political leaders mentioned the principle that such such issues should be resolved by the island.
The priorities of the transitional phase include support for stability and stability; rehabilitation of basic services and infrastructure; human rights and local capacity-building; support refugees and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, over 1 per cent of the gross domestic product of Djibouti had been confirmed in 2001 and that the year's growth was based on the growth of the year.
Article 24 of Law No. 242, on the basis of another different cross-border nature of the financing of the financing of terrorism: “The recruitment, accession or support for the purpose of the fight against illegal military organizations, whether armed or armed conflicts are subject to any form, or in the form of armed conflict”.
The security situation must also remain stable and conducive to the implementation of the Bonn Agreement.
The following arrangements include the period under review.
To date, there has been some 300 kilometres of the road to which the Palestinian terrorists cannot be able to enter into the Israeli population in the Israeli population.
Germany regrets the recent violence between Israel and Palestinians.
The wall does not have the construction of the wall.
This wall has been close to the location, road and sub-Saharans.
The European Union is ready to maintain close contacts with the parties concerned to help them implement the road map.
The Palestinian leaders must take concrete steps to demonstrate their commitment to the terrorist acts.
“The author is unable to make the data on the basis of the data on the specific information system.
Draft paragraph
However, in the context of legislation and policies, it appears that there are no measures to integrate gender mainstreaming in the government policy.
Deeply concerned at the situation of Liberia and its impact on the humanitarian situation in the country, including numerous innocent innocent people, and their stability in the region,
The overall theme of the High-level Dialogue is “The implementation of the Monterrey Consensus” and future mandates.
The draft resolution A/C/L.48, which is based on transparency measures that are not only used for conventional arms, and may be excluded from weapons of mass destruction.
The Monterrey Conference has stressed the importance of the implementation of national and national policies and should be coordinated and needed to coordinate the activities of the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions.
Annex
The consultants, cross-cutting advisers and air officers are being conducted in order to assist the police in Sierra Leone.
Children are particularly vulnerable to their lives, and in particular, they have been able to live in high-risk.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that, in paragraph 19 and 20 of the relevant States, the full priority and insolvency.
governing bodies
Also decides to recommend to the Working Group that it would be possible to review the implementation of the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields, including the review of the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits, in mind the positive role of all relevant stakeholders in the implementation of the United Nations conferences and summits;
Aware of the importance of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the Declaration on Cities and other internationally agreed development goals, including the goals contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
The Security Council, pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sect. A and B.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The paper proposed that the British citizenship is intended to be applied to the territory of the territory of the territory of the Territory, while requests the Overseas Territories to amend its local legislation, in particular legislation on human rights and financial services to achieve international standards.
In 2000, the Government has allocated a road to the West Bank and the Caribbean.
In the present resolution, the General Assembly calls upon States, specialized agencies and non-governmental organizations to increase special funds for the refugees from the United Nations system to provide assistance to the Palestinian refugees; invites the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and other organizations concerned to continue to provide assistance to the Palestinian refugees in their respective mandates; and to provide special fund-raising to the refugees in the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East.
Tunisia welcomed the recent report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Charter on assistance affected by third States.
The Committee should focus on a more few issues that would avoid resources in the Council's sanctions Working Group and other United Nations bodies such as the United Nations Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
(b) The domestic stability system
The protection of these persons are often difficult, because the population of the population is in the case of a large number of mass destruction, and in the country authorities are not able to provide the basic assistance and protection of the crisis.
States recognized that their primary responsibility for ensuring the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons.
As a result of the SK's claim, a copy of the claim was made in a full amount of the amount of payments.
Mr. R., speaking on behalf of the representative of China (on behalf of China, Barbados, Kuwait, Malaysia, Pakistan, Pakistan, Pakistan, Sudan, Uganda, Sudan, Sudan, Sudan and United Arab Emirates, requested a separate recorded vote on the draft resolution.
He noted the fact that he did not apply to the decision of the rules of procedure, and hoped that his delegation would be recorded in the light of its understanding that the rule of law would remain in the same way as the Chairman's Office and the Chairman's office.
KFOR continues to require assistance to international and non-governmental organizations in Kosovo and to provide security assistance in support of police activities in Kosovo.
In that connection, India strongly condemned all terrorism and violence.
Decides to invite non-governmental organizations, including non-governmental organizations, to participate in the meetings of the International Conference;
Calls upon the Secretariat to ensure the necessary resources to ensure that Member States, non-governmental organizations, non-governmental organizations, including non-governmental organizations, national and regional media, including small island developing States, national and regional media, including the dissemination and purpose of the International Conference on Information Network and its preparatory process;
Article 61
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Trade Organization
Albania, Croatia, Croatia and Macedonia, have the commitments made in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations.
However, we need to mobilize the necessary resources to implement our Declaration — which has been a great hope that we have taken place in all its aspects — that we have suffered a great hope that we face in our extreme poverty.
We look forward to the urgent need for a new foreign direct investment, transfer, technology transfer, technology transfer, and also to enhance cooperation with Member States and global civil society.
We have also been informed that the members of the Council of Iraq, Mr. M. M. H.E. Ms. M. H.E. Ms. L.
In recent events, the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime has been defined in the context of the proliferation of proliferation.
The vision of the European Union, Mr. José Ramos-Horta has led to the establishment of the European Community, which subsequently expanded today's multilateral integration body today.
High-level pressure can continue to constitute a major threat to international peace and security.
“(2)
The application or option does not apply to the application of the application of or option
Some participants expressed support for the recommendation.
The Protocol will enter into force in January 2003.
Through the website of the national statistical website (http://www.un.org.
Rural women
The revised version of the document was submitted to the Security Council.
It is also also the assessment that we have before it the evidence of each person.
The President: I now give the floor to the Prosecutor's Prosecutor to respond to any comments or questions.
Mr. Szz (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that the report of the Secretary-General on the analysis and its recommendations on South-South cooperation in support of South-South cooperation and the promotion of South-South cooperation.
During the period under review, the Special Rapporteur has numerous bilateral communications with Iraq.
In addition, Hong Kong, the Occupied Palestinian Territory and the Islamic Republic of Iran are similar bodies.
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/58/58).
Provisional agenda
On 13 September 2003, the Working Group submitted a revised draft text (A/C.3/62/L.33) on the basis of the text of the draft resolution (J.C., para.
Developing countries are generally considered that the revised draft revised does not reflect their interests and concerns.
The major challenge is to integrate climate change into risk assessment and development.
“1. In the case of the use of force, threat or use of the use of other aircraft or ships, a sentence of 7 to 15 years.
International cooperation
Introduction
Response.
He welcomed the proposal for further consideration of such measures as the mandate and the mandate of the United States on anti-personnel mines and announced that it had become one of the sponsors of the proposal for such mines.
Introduction
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
This is a good beginning, however, to fulfil our commitment to the rule of law, the Unit will require significant number of resources.
Over the past decade, the number of armed conflicts have been growing and the nature of armed conflict.
It was hoped that the preparation of the report is not only as possible, but also in the United Nations system and civil society.
It also deleted the words “in particular attention to the emergencies of these minorities”, as follows:
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, the SBSTA adopted the following conclusions:
The Office of Internal Oversight Services signed agreements and memorandum of understanding with the exchange of information on the financial network of other Governments in Colombia, Spain and Panama.
• A list of items and items;
Similarly, in December, the European Commission held a preliminary discussion with UNMIK and the central local leaders at the local level, which began a process of consensus on decentralization.
A disciplinary code has been implemented and a recruitment policy will soon be approved.
At its forty-ninth session, the Committee endorsed the recommendations of the Working Group on the preparation of the report of the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session, which would review progress made in the implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III), and endorsed the report of the Working Group on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III).
This would allow Sweden to receive more than more data from the European Union.
The Group of Latin America and the Caribbean will actively participate in the work and to ensure that the final outcome of the Conference can be accepted by States.
During the meeting of the Standing Committee in February and May 2003, two workshops were held in Geneva on the outcome of the Intergovernmental Centre for International Humanitarian Affairs ( Humanitarian Affairs) in Geneva, and the results of two workshops were prepared in accordance with the final report.
International testing and evaluation programmes: one of the participation of States in international programmes to avoid duplication of efforts in international programmes to avoid duplication of efforts, systems and means to identify and evaluate humanitarian mine clearance equipment, systems and tools.
(c) To provide all necessary assistance to enable his Special Envoy to implement this resolution and to explore any possibility to explore any possibility of maintaining and effectively its mandate;
The important role of developing countries in the regional trade arrangements and bilateral trade arrangements does not reduce the important role of multilateral trading systems;
A solution to the practical trade should be taken into account in particular countries and assess its characteristics.
International Telecommunication Union
General Assembly
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling its decision 14/COP.4 on the appointment of a Ad Hoc Working Group on an early warning system,
Requests the Secretariat to cooperate with the Inter-Agency Panel on Science and Technology, in cooperation with the Parties, to inform the Group of Experts on three issues of case-by-case studies submitted by Parties to the Commission on Science and Technology;
The General Assembly is also concerned at the same time.
The Advisory Committee recalls that, in its resolution 56/25 of 27 June 2002, the General Assembly, of 27 June 2002, a net amount of USD 382,377,000, for the maintenance of the Mission for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, it is also taking into account the increase in local staff on 1 July 2002, as well as the estimated amount of $1,000 to the local staff of the town of Al-Kin and the amount of USD 1,000 for the return of local staff.
This security is a part of the federal budget for the protection of chemical weapons and improving the security of such security.
At the same time, the Office of Equal Opportunities has been used to disseminate several procedures.
(2) To provide skills or specialized technologies for terrorist organizations or their cooperation,
The Chairman said that the phrase “the law” might be the opportunity to refer to other laws, and that “the law” refers to a clear reference to the law concerning the contract.
The long-term conflict has been affected by civilian populations and the deterioration of the embargo.
The Security Council, in its resolution 242 (1967) reflects the importance of the principle that the two States reaffirmed the importance of mutual harmony in the security of the two countries.
The negative policies and these regimes constitute a serious threat to the illegal nuclear-weapon-free zone, as well as the danger of Iran's illegal nuclear weapons programmes, the withdrawal of the nuclear-weapon regime and its opposition to the world.
According to UNAMSIL, the overall situation in the city was generally calm.
I would now like to join the Agency's work on certain work.
I are often heard by donor countries, and I do not know what the words of donors.
He spoke of the fact that he was able to rely on commodities in the countries facing the world.
The above-mentioned guidelines are aimed at providing norms, coherent and coherent evaluation framework to enable the Government to respond to the risk of vulnerability to ships and port facilities.
In addition to this context, the cross-border fish is also the source of pollution.
In this regard, the Code stressed that the provision of special efforts should be made to protect the health, degradation, pollution and physical capacity of the fisheries and the livelihoods of the fisheries resources and the livelihoods of the fisheries resources.
The control of the flag State must be strengthened.
See also comprehensive information on the information issued on 8 January 2003.
He also suggested that the Special Rapporteur is responsible for clarification.
The Committee recommends that the ESCAP regional follow-up should include the following efforts: promoting regional and subregional cooperation; assisting the establishment of information-sharing and experience, as well as the sharing of resources;
The secretariat has revised national database on the basis of the revised system.
Strengthening the capacity of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to integrate poverty and to integrate into a national action plan.
New York
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session.
Recalling also General Assembly resolution 48/17 of 19 December 1992 entitled “International cooperation arrangements for human settlements in the field of human settlements”,
The Committee welcomes the fact that the outcome of the results-based budgeting format, the expected accomplishments, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement would be set out in the direction and management of this part.
The Committee also stressed the need for the three subprogrammes to strengthen constructive partnerships in Africa's development and comprehensive social development initiatives.
It was expressed concern about the establishment of the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States.
It was pointed out that statistics could be one of possible areas.
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should make every effort to promote cooperation with other United Nations agencies, institutions and specialized agencies and specialized agencies and to ensure their policies.
Table 13.2
The paragraph will read: “c) (c) in strengthening the knowledge base for sustainable development; transfer of technology for more effective use of national and regional reports and other information on sustainable development; and use of contemporary data on sustainable development; and use of contemporary data and communication technologies, including through greater access to information and communication technologies, in the context of the World Summit on Sustainable Development and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation”.
The view was expressed that recommendation 3 and 8 seemed high.
In addition, in addition to the State of American States (Argentina) does not recognize the rights of Roma in many parts of the Roma, in many parts of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the incident in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia was also reported.
In providing adequate and effective remedies, it is recommended that the establishment of an independent court or court.
However, there is a need to develop existing international standards without prejudice to some countries.
They also outlined the work of the Office of the High Commissioner, including the work of the regional network.
The audit of the United Nations peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002
First Group
reiterated the report of the United Nations Mission in Tokelau;
The General Assembly noted with appreciation the overall objective of the strategy for mine action, in its resolution 56/12 of 21 December 2001, and noting with appreciation the overall objective of the strategy for mine action, while noting that the overall objective of the international community as a whole should be given priority.
This three judicial proceedings, but mutually reinforcing, can help Rwanda and reconciliation.
This record is also important to exercise the legal and administration of justice.
In accordance with existing legislation, the representative of the ICTY has the right to report to the proceedings and the archives of the Tribunal, and the evidence provided by the ICTR could also be directly used to domestic trials.
However, the United Nations has failed to take action on Iraq's issues, however, not to end the tragic events, and the United Nations had not been unable to resolve the Middle East crisis in the half of the century.
The General Assembly, as the principal decision-making and decision-making bodies, is the importance of us to consider the recommendations made in the debate.
It was asked how we support the local prevention efforts?
Open-ended Open-ended Working Group on the Law of the Sea
The ecosystem approach needs to be expanded in the management process.
Invites civil society, non-governmental organizations, the private sector and the private sector to contribute to the preparatory process and to participate in the Summit;
The Commission's consideration of local remedies within the framework of the State's responsibility, as a matter of reference to justice, the State practice of national practice, national practice, treaties and the judiciary.
According to the rights of the right, the victims of the right to have only exhausted the right and could lead to a reasonable remedy.
The topic was also discussed in the context of the International Law, the local remedies in international law, and in the international law.
(a) The General Assembly decided that it is currently available to the General Assembly at the same time for the use of air, in accordance with the principles of the General Assembly, to be used for the benefit of the least developed countries to participate in the session of the Economic and Social Council;
Mr. E.E. (Secretariat) said that, as explained in footnote to the footnote, the wording intended to be addressed to the possibility of research on the best interests of the company in many countries.
At the twenty-first instalment claims, the secretariat of the Committee has conducted a preliminary assessment of these claims.
While there were no response to some claimants, there are no response to the above standards.
Programme
Recalling also its decision 2001/3 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to include in sub-item entitled “Financing and follow-up and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits”,
The General Assembly authorized the next review of the methodology that OIOS has focused on the number of administrative areas that could increase the production of the Organization.
Central and Eastern States reaffirmed their determination to sign and ratify the United Nations Convention on combating terrorism.
The Act deals with the following matters:
18 June 2004
In this regard, the Council made other mandates to the Group of Experts and referred to how the Group would help to raise awareness between the illicit exploitation of natural resources and other forms of wealth in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the relationship between the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
The outcome of dialogue and cooperation among all parties
The third parties, despite the opportunity to respond to the report of the Group.
Unless the regional solution is found, it is not a long-term implementation.
Slovenia has been invited to provide a response to the form of a report by 7 July 2003.
Taking note of the need for policy guidance in the 1990s and the outcome of the World Summit and its follow-up processes, as part of the strengthening of programmes and programmes, as part of the family, as part of a comprehensive development approach,
The present report is prepared in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1373 (2001).
Ms. Hampson (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions) introduced the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/57/576) noting that these reports and reports of the Board of Auditors continue to be extremely important.
With regard to the fact that the European Union agreed to pay for the period from the Central Emergency Response Fund, the European Union agreed that the situation in 1998 was not clear.
If they are available, please provide the Committee with similar information on the list of entities listed in the list.
If so, please provide for reasons, the number and date.
In my country's bank and the financial system, no other legal entities or natural persons are authorized by other legal entities, lawyers, lawyers or financial services.
Expresses its appreciation to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for its first three years,
Second regular session 2003
It constitute a long-term policy of the occupying Power and its subsidiary bodies, namely, that the long-term policy should not be able to support Cyprus and to make it clear that the Turkish Cypriot side had not been heard by the occupying Power.
In different regions, “the chemical” work is also designed to develop trade and environmental aspects in the context of trade and biodiversity.
This means: (a) the best possible use of potential knowledge related to development issues; and (b) flexibility in the design of operational activities; (b) flexibility in the design of action; and (b) flexible or new approaches to adaptation.
Introduction
The mandate of the Doha Conference means a common commitment of the international community to achieve development.
The General Assembly should actively participate in the decision-making process in a member of a member of the State Party, and in subsequent implementation.
These unilateral actions are contrary to international law and the Charter of the United Nations, which have been created by obstacles to trade and financial relations between the State and the international community, and the impact of economic and social development.
The Committee asked why there are three benchmarks for the lack of performance in the biennium and how it had not been prepared to date.
Several factors have resulted in such changes.
(n) “the private service” means any entity, organizations, business or private law that are located outside the functions of the official service, in addition to any entity, or any other entity, or officials;
Article 21
(b) In accordance with the basic concept of national legal systems:
(c) In terms of reference (b) above, a crime shall include in the jurisdiction and outside the jurisdiction of the State party.
Article 37
However, the request of the State Party may take appropriate assistance in the context of its decision, without prejudice to whether the act is a crime of the State party.
(b) To request the investigation and nature of the investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings, as well as the name and functions of this investigation, prosecution or trial;
The State party shall take any measures to ensure that their banks and financial institutions are maintained in the appropriate period.
At the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan proposed the following text:
The view was expressed that the need to ensure that existing regional mechanisms and best practices are also important.
The increase in emissions from all sectors in the period 2000 to 2000 (a) was expected to be used, except for waste management.
Notes:
These rates include lawyers and office costs.
One of the final amount of payment is one of the first third of the end of the trial phase, which would be used to pay for the increase in the number of years.
I have the honour to transmit to you, for your understanding.
If terrorism is recognized as a organization of a terrorist organization, its assets and the transfer of States.
To date, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of 50 countries indicated that the joint declaration had been endorsed.
In accordance with article 23 of the Convention, the right to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health in the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health.
Agenda
The definition of forests
The preparation of this report shows that, although there has been a very broad range of cooperation between developing countries and developing countries, the majority of those who have been involved in practice practices in practice.
Many of the Governments have rejected the fact that the course of the Buenos Aires Conference had occurred.
Both African LDCs have expressed political conflicts and the lack of financial resources to expand South-South cooperation.
The UNDP field staff network has been expanded and is working with major partners to provide advisory services to member States.
To address terrorism, it is important to focus on the following three main counter-terrorism activities: first of terrorist activities (e.g., terrorists who have access to terrorist activities (e.g., the prevention of documents for terrorist activities) and to ensure that non-State actors are able to provide weapons, such as terrorist activities and criminal law enforcement authorities, and to enhance the confidence-building measures, such as terrorist acts and to prevent terrorist acts.
The development of development must be an integral part of the international trade agreement to support more foreign direct investment and more benefits.
Non-governmental organizations have organized a national test to improve the image of women and eliminate stereotypes.
Ms. Patia, said that she wished to know the status of indigenous women.
In addition, the Committee also wished to know the situation of rural women and to reduce the rate of pregnancy.
The construction of the wall is a unilateral act, and it is more difficult to create a viable and stable Palestinian State.
Capacity-building.
Second session
The Falkland Islands and H.E. New York, Washington, B.
The Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Secretary-General of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on 14 and 14 February 2003 to the Secretary-General's note of the note verbale dated 14 February 2002 from the Secretary-General of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
Local partnership, Malawi
Convinced of the urgent need for the fight against organized crime and all forms of terrorism,
For example, the local private sector, for example, at the highest level of private sector ( Tanzania, Mozambique and Djibouti) has the lack of sufficient resources to implement structural adjustment programmes.
Minister
The Chairman said that draft resolution A/C.3/60/L.4 was the Chairman of the Committee of the Committee of the Whole (Sweden), submitted on the basis of informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.3/60/L.38.
Introduction
Portugal supports the statement made by the European Union and agreed that article 1 and 3 was now subject to article 1 and 3 of the European Union.
Financial contract
It should be allowed to be allowed to determine the risk and to determine the net risk, without the end of the insolvency proceedings.
The Chief Prosecutor has expressed its interest in the report on behalf of OHCHR on behalf of the Commission on Truth and Reconciliation, in particular the pilot survey and forensic reports, and the High Commissioner agreed to facilitate the sharing of documents between the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court.
(a) To develop administrative policies, mechanisms and mechanisms to facilitate the efficient and efficient functioning of the justice system, including through immediate action to address the complaints of staff;
The Committee considered agenda item 4 (b).
(c) Report of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005
This report is not submitted by the present report.
There are also two major human rights activities in detention, who are accused of the case of mass destruction.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council
Stresses the importance of the implementation of the Programme of Action on the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights in respect of human rights, and the promotion of human rights is an important element of the rule of law and stability;
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on progress made in implementing the Programme of Action;
Invites ECOWAS to take all activities undertaken in accordance with the present resolution, in particular the previous preambular paragraph and in the implementation of the present resolution, on the elimination of small arms and light weapons referred to in the present resolution, to the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Small Arms and Light Weapons;
UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP
A number of countries participated in the debate: Benin participated in the debate in streamlining and harmonization of debates, Malawi participated in the debate on HIV/AIDS, Nepal, in Nepal.
Question of human rights
The Committee held a formal meeting (para.
The Panel has not been able to link any direct link between Liberia and Liberia.
Many of them reported to the Panel of Experts that many individuals are able to act in violation of the prohibition of foreign nationality or other countries.
Some of the weaknesses of the project were identified.
In accordance with global standards and protection of women and children.
3 p.m.
Information on the situation of indigenous peoples in the Niger.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit a latest report on how to address the issues that have been achieved in peacekeeping missions and to make recommendations for consideration by the General Assembly at its resumed fifty-eighth session;
Noting with satisfaction with satisfaction that the Sub-Commission on the Promotion of Transport of Dangerous Goods, the International Labour Organization, the International Labour Organization and Economic Cooperation and Development, as well as a document on the basis of a draft review, the Committee may wish to consider consensus on the draft global system,
The cessation of nuclear arms and nuclear disarmament.
We therefore fully support this effort.
It is important to make more effort to identify the threats posed by terrorist acts as a result of the fact that it is a political or economic phenomenon.
The President (spoke in French): I would like to request the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Mexico, His Excellency Mr. D. L.
China is also one of the victims of terrorism.
When the world is facing more dangerous, this principle is greater.
How we do so?
However, some issues cannot be excluded from an objective.
Another threat to international peace and security —?
Group
As a few minutes, Mr. Al-Qaida said, this arrangement guarantees the success of the Chairman's responsibilities to ensure the effective functioning of the General Assembly.
These concerns are also relevant to the implementation of the land law; agriculture and agriculture; they are not effective to secure the poor; some of the displaced persons, as well as the return of children and the poor.
This fact is the need to address vulnerability and risk analysis, reflecting the needs of emergency relief to prevention.
Turkmenistan was sentenced to imprisonment between the Russian Federation and the Russian Federation in order to enable them to enter into the Treaty on the period of 18 May 1995.
The above-mentioned acts caused by the death or other major consequences, shall be sentenced to 10 years.
The above-mentioned act shall:
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Official Records of the General Assembly, Supplement No. 7 (A/58/10), chap.
The Director-General of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (IAEA) has informed us that we have been informed of the Director-General that we have done?
Only after the end of the use of force and the Security Council resolution 1701 (2006) — the last opportunity to the Government of Iraq to make a final opportunity to cooperate with the Iraqi Government in the disarmament process and to actively cooperate with the recruitment, immediate and active cooperation in the disarmament process — the extent that progress has been achieved.
What is that the right to health?
The third type of disease - the serious diseases - which have access to and development and development in the rich countries.
Global counter-terrorism standards.
Information and dissemination of the Counter-Terrorism Committee has focused on the use of “terrorist information and assistance resources”.
Major conclusions
A detailed study on the treatment of adults, which was held in 2002 in 2002.
It was suggested that the reference to paragraph 1 would be made to the present practice of certain types of transport documents, such as the “the use of” and the “the-use of a contract of lading”.
The general comment was expressed that the text of the draft instrument was repeatedly used in chapter 8 of the present draft instrument, which had been repeatedly used to use the term “or electronic records” in order to highlight the differences between the transport document and electronic records, rather than the functions of the Working Group.
The same concern was expressed regarding the same concern that the text of the draft article 2.1.1 should be identified in the exercise of any rights under the contract of carriage under the contract of carriage under the contract of carriage.
It was further pointed out that the instrument should be addressed in accordance with the draft instrument, in accordance with the draft instrument, could be addressed to the problem of conflict with other things, such as the issue of compensation for the collection and damage to the use of the electronic transport conventions (see paras. 25 and 26 below).
I have the honour to remind the Permanent Mission and observers for security considerations, which will be held on 21 September 2003, at the end of the morning of 21 September 2003, and then, on Monday, 22 September 2003, to approve the vehicle for the approval of the vehicles.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica*
These activities reflect the growing importance of the procurement system and also highlighted the efforts of the international agencies in the field of procurement.
In accordance with the conclusions adopted by the SBSTA, the secretariat will use such information as the work of with the Office of the International Civil Aviation Organization in cooperation with civil aviation, and support the work of experts in reviewing the quality of data and to review the work of the greenhouse gas inventories.
Action: Requests the SBSTA to consider the information provided in the document and to provide guidance to Parties.
In addition, the authorities also require all air traffic in paragraph from the North.
FAO and non-governmental organizations supported the report on livestock systems and livestock;
The Department of Public Information entitled “Financing of the United Nations and the decolonization Unit” was prepared in 2001 by the Department of Human Rights in 2001, which was a large number of replies from individuals and organizations from the Non-Self-Governing Territories from the Democratic Republic of the Non-Self-Governing Territories, the role of the Special Committee in the implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples in the Non-Self-Governing Territories.
Mr. M. G. G. (Cuba) noted with satisfaction that the press release of the Department of Public Information on the Caribbean, the public radio stations was also sent to Parliament on the debate in the press.
In accordance with the provisions of the Switzerland law, there is no exception to the assets of persons belonging to the Al-Qaida or the Taliban.
If the Act has changed, the EA system will be completed.
The possibility of providing assistance to other countries is currently being research to assist them in their implementation of relevant resolutions.
potential implementation
The recommendations of the Office of the United Nations Office at Nairobi on strengthening the regular budget of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, in accordance with the requirements of the regular budget of the United Nations Office at Nairobi, will be reflected in section 29 of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
(iii) Ad Hoc Committee, Scientific and Technological Advice: the publication of the publication and distribution of materials and services;
However, the success of the Monterrey Consensus is still critical to whether the global partnership has become a greater objective.
It must be committed to the spirit of partnership between the poor and rich countries in Monterrey.
Review of human settlements.
The commercial fraud may undermine the credibility of the industrial, regional banks, international banks, financial markets, international financial markets, international commercial texts, international trade documents, international trade.
While cooperation with criminal law enforcement agencies and customs authorities should be encouraged, the business and business law should also play an important role in preventing and combating commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal also increasingly used a similar authority under the jurisdiction of the arbitral tribunal.
The Internet and computer technologies have not increased access to traditional crime (e.g. intellectual property, physical fraud, fraud, fraud, fraud, etc. and other crime, as well as an increase in the infrastructure of infrastructure, energy, transport and communication) by the private sector.
• To ensure equal access to all parties to outer space, as well as to use space debris;
They have repeatedly stressed that economic, poverty and social exclusion are a cause of great concern, and that it is also a cause for a new conflict and that there is no rise to the growing international inequality, stability and peace.
They reaffirmed that the members of the Non-Aligned Movement should not be a matter of priority, as a matter of priority, to seek a universal and legally binding instrument on security assurances to the non-nuclear-weapon States.
The Heads of State or Government has fully rejected these issues as well as a result of the market and damage to developing countries, or that they have access to assistance and technical assistance to developing countries or to developing countries.
The Financial Regulations also have similar measures taken by the company.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, we should continue to have a series of reservations.
I should be grateful if you would be circulated as a document of the Commission on Human Rights under agenda item 11.
To that end, the establishment of an independent court or tribunals should be established to provide appropriate procedures for the violations of human rights.
Considering that every State party must ensure that the rights of all individuals in their territory and under their jurisdiction,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. II, para.
The total amount of $2 million will be used for civilian staff, which will be used for military training.
In fact, in fact, Thailand's commercial banks and financial institutions have followed the guidelines to report to Thailand.
Violence against women is an important component of the HIV/AIDS strategy.
(b) The campaign and the participation of the media and individuals in the media and the participation of men as a good example of men's role in providing greater participation in HIV/AIDS and support activities;
Notes
Ibid.
UNFPA assisted a country's population policy and update the census information on the development of the plan and a better understanding of social and population issues.
In the World Bank, the Advisory Group met with the Deputy Director of the African Union and the Director of the African Union; Mr. B. B. B. B. B. B. M. B. M. B. M. B. M. M. D.C.
- Act No. 701
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a letter dated 15 January 2003 from the representative of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (see annex).
Subsequently, the Advisory Group also expressed support for development assistance to Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Regional preparatory meetings
The first discussion of the implementation of the UNCCD.
In the first session of the CRIC, the Conference held a meeting in Rome in November 2002, with a view to preparing the analysis of the needs and proposals for each country in regional cooperation in the field of regional cooperation.
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council adopted the recommendations of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the recommendations made in the framework of a strengthened monitoring and verification mechanism.
Some representatives commended the Executive Director's comprehensive report, which showed that they supported the proposed programme of work.
The Committee of the Whole will be considered in paragraph 2 above, on Monday, 8 April 2003, to consider and review the draft resolution.
To ensure the safety of information and telecommunications systems in the context of the information contained in the information and telecommunications system is a major factor for ensuring the security of information, national and national sovereignty and stability.
Decides to establish the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (UNMIK) for the first six months, the mandate to promote the implementation of the Lusaka Agreement, and to include a military component in the report of the Secretary-General (b) of the Secretary-General, in cooperation with France and ECOWAS forces;
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 14/17 (2003) the request for the recruitment or use of children in accordance with the international obligations under their application;
The Secretary-General of the Conference on Disarmament made a strong support for the United Nations Secretary-General's initiative, Mr. Kofi Annan, on 21 January, to the United Nations Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, on the occasion of our initiative, to make this recommendation.
“The report of the annual session of 2001, I have a sense of understanding.
Children remain the main victims of conflict.
In Sierra Leone, my Special Representative had pledged commitments to return to children and children from humanitarian purposes.
In its resolution 1460 (2003) the Council called for the “the implementation of” and requested specific proposals for monitoring and reporting.
The situation in Somalia
Since the end of the hostilities in Iraq, there has been no difficult time.
For Japan, my country will actively ensure that its primary responsibility for the delivery of its delivery would be able to identify challenges facing the international community.
It was not a matter of disarmament experts.
In paragraph 6 of decision 9 of the Council's decision, the Board is obliged to take a reasonable steps to reduce the loss of loss, “the total amount of compensation for the loss of damage to the loss of loss”.
From the broader level, significant progress has been made at the United Nations military, civilian police and civilian personnel, as well as the deployment of the strategic deployment stocks in the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy.
Education is another major consideration, because the family of poverty is not equal opportunities, or in some cases.
If they have no time to meet the needs of migrants, the provision of social welfare requires that the families of migrants and their families continue to remain in the host country.
The spread of urban migration has been supported by the people of indigenous peoples in many years, and the relationship between traditional areas.
In some countries of Latin America and Latin America and the Caribbean, older persons are considered particularly vulnerable to the labour market, and they are able to return to the labour market after the end of their homes and their families in their families.
Such a legal framework is usually unable to protect indigenous peoples' traditional knowledge and cultural heritage, because indigenous peoples stressed their common ownership.
Development policy and international cooperation is unacceptable.
Recalling also its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the follow-up and follow-up to the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Taking into account:
International Association
As indicated in the present report, the Council will also consider the costs of the claim.
In the case of a claim, the amount of compensation for the loss of the goods to Iraq in a third State.
See paragraph 32 (a) of the report (E/2001/82) and A/C.2/2006/31, para.
On behalf of the International Court of Justice, I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a document of the President of the International Court of Justice on the issue of Honduras, on 30 April 2003, to transmit to you a document entitled “United Nations Organization for American States to assist the Secretary-General in providing technical experts in the light of the letter dated 30 April 2003.
UNHCR assisted refugees, particularly women and women's families, to provide adequate housing for the family as a major vulnerable group.
See http://www.un.org/index.htm.
UNCTAD could play an important role in promoting consensus on the multilateral trading system in South-South trade and development issues in the North-South economy, identifying the development of trade and trade-related approaches to developing countries in the preparation and development of national trade policies.
The current situation in each of the above-mentioned provisions may be found in the light of the complexity and details of the request.
The largest trade partners of American Samoa is the United States, followed by New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Djibouti, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Yemen and Palestine: draft resolution A/C.3/63/L.1
The safety of the security wall has serious human rights issues.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly found that the new settlements still continue to be expanded.
The Government of the Republic of Moldova shall submit a second report submitted by the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC) to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC)
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. B. B. B. B. (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation wishes to say that my delegation would like to join the consensus on the draft resolution on strengthening the coordination of humanitarian assistance to the United Nations, which does not mean that, in accordance with paragraph 12 of the principles of the Charter of the United Nations, in which it is important that we have been able to agree on the concept of international humanitarian assistance, to the Organization, in the Organization, in the Organization, in which it is not yet, in which it is in which we are in which we are in which we are in which we are in the Organization's very important framework of the Organization's spirit of the Organization's fundamental principles of its important context of the principle, in which we are in the principles of the principles of the Organization's fundamental principles of the Organization's fundamental principles of the Organization's fundamental principles of the Organization's fundamental principles that regard to agree on the United Nations, in the principles of the principles of the principles of the principles of the principles of the principles that regard that regard to agree on the principles of the principles of the principles of the principles of the principles of the principles that regard
The General Assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 40.
Paragraph 8 to 8 contains the comments made by the Tribunal for the completion of the strategy.
Table 6 (para.
However, it should not forget the main purpose of verification.
The President: 15 votes.
We know that, as the cornerstone of the international security Treaty.
A large number of terrorist acts or acts of terrorism (e.g. a strong State shall not exercise the legitimate right of legitimate self-determination, and the unilateral attack on a global war, because of many innocent civilians may be killed by war.
The most important issue in which the law is to determine this most important issue, will only be able to act.
At the recent national elections, the Government has funded a campaign to encourage the voters to vote.
In Ghana, the Millennium Development Goals between the country's national poverty reduction strategy is a major feature of the first Millennium Development Goals.
As a result of the chemical-trafficking project in the Americas, it was also assisted by the Legal Counsel of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDP).
In this context, the Executive Board requested the Executive Board to approve a fund-raising plan for the insurance period.
The meeting heard a comprehensive report on the implementation of the Almaty Programme of Action and a summary of the outstanding achievements in the Caribbean region to achieve sustainable development in the context of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action, and the challenges faced by emerging issues.
The meeting was informed that some projects were being carried out in the area of biodiversity, biological and medical.
Article 12
This region has been engaged in enforcement measures at the regional level.
It should be a better understanding of the environmental management mechanism for the purposes of exploration activities and its impact on resources.
Item 42 of the provisional agenda*
During the preliminary report, the progress made in the follow-up to the follow-up to the Special Rapporteur on children in May 2002, the overall situation and regional situations has highlighted the actions taken in the four main areas; and calls upon further efforts to achieve the “A world fit for children”.
They also prepared a statement to the Government, non-governmental organizations and the region, and urges them to support children and young people.
Taking note of the growing awareness of the international community in all its forms and manifestations, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights,
Annex
Stressing the provisional nature of the Force,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
(continued)
Recalling also General Assembly resolution 56/25 of 12 September 2001, and resolution 56/25 of 19 November 2002, the General Assembly strongly condemned terrorist acts as a resolution of 11 September 2001 by the President of the General Assembly, in which a resolution of 11 September 2001, also condemned terrorist acts, and recalling the urgent appeal against terrorism, in which a resolution of 14 September 2003, and recalling the urgent appeal against terrorism,
New York
The post-conflict work has become a key element of the global activities of UNDP and UNICEF (UNICEF).
The decision was proposed by the Secretary-General to be allocated to the Fifth Committee.
Annex
The United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity involves sustainable forest management.
The new biotechnology can provide additional technical assistance to improve their effectiveness.
The financial sovereignty of the Cayman Islands is expected to be addressed in the previous visit.
To facilitate the participation of all nuclear-weapon States as soon as possible, all nuclear-weapon States have led to the final process of the total nuclear weapons.
The social dimension of the protection of all citizens, groups and communities are becoming a party to the planning and decision-making.
It will review a more strategic use and the use of resettlement in the framework of the Convention, as well as the programme of work of the State to promote the implementation of the programme of work of the State of special agreements.
However, it does not apply to a reasonable reason for the threat to security or a serious serious serious crimes against refugees.
Encourages the parents and legal counsel to make their efforts to ensure that their children are conducive to their education:
At the same time, several regions of the former Soviet Union, the former Soviet Union and the South-East Asia, Africa, Africa, Africa and South-East Asia and the South-South and South-East Asia have been killed.
S-2/2, further implementation of Agenda 21
The health services in Nepal is based on a comprehensive health system.
In addition, the health sector has also taken new action.
For example, at the national level, the high-level female staff are only 100 per cent.
The number of schools and students at all levels are increasing (see table).
In the secondary level, the net enrolment rate of girls was reduced to 26.4 per cent in the age group, with 26 per cent to 26 per cent in the age group, and that more than more than two thirds of children were deprived of access to education.
The Women's Children's Programme (JF) of the Women's Development Programme, Children and Social Development, 2001
Unfortunately, after the occupation of the decade, the tragic conflict and international legitimacy, the representative of Israel remains aware of the fact that peace depends on the path of peace depends on whether the country's resolutions on the implementation of the resolutions of the Arab Security Council, as well as almost 200 resolutions on the same matter, and the resolutions of the Security Council.
We would also like to conclude our policies because of threats.
The United Nations has provided our full support to the efforts of Iraq, democracy and reconstruction, and I commend the United Nations staff.
The United Nations should be able to carry out a programme of implementation, rather than through a large number of military forces to destroy a large number of military forces from the destruction of a large number of troops.
Annex
The Council calls upon all members of the Authority and the voluntary contributions to the Trust Fund.
In this regard, my delegation wishes to stress the importance of the report of the Secretary-General (A/574) and to report, despite the fact that those measures have taken to date, such measures are not sufficient to prevent the adverse effects of the epidemic, and that these measures are not sufficient to reduce the negative impact of new cases.
The progress report of the Commission on Statistics on Statistics (E/CN.3/2004/117) is currently currently under the Commission's progress report (E/CN.3/2004/116) and the progress report of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Statistics (E/CN.3/2004/11).
In accordance with rule 9 of the rules of procedure, the Committee will have before it a list of documents for its consideration.
The initiative of the world of the world is set up a model and should be supported by the new Government.
(a) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur on the right to food (A/58/306)
The representative of Burundi made a note by the representative of Burundi, as indicated in the note that the tragic war had been carried out in 1993 and that Burundi had resulted in the loss of the world's economic and economic situation in the country.
The Central African Republic stated that its serious economic and social issues, as part of its serious economic and social issues, are attributable to the security problems of the previous internal conflicts and still in the past.
The meeting was called to order at 3 p.m.
The United States intends to work in the Fifth Committee to ensure that this draft resolution would not be additional budget.
3.3 The innovative approach to the mobilization of resources (including donors and other sources of donor and other sources).
Annex
Annex
(o) Non-nuclear-weapon States and neighbouring regions;
(s) conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions [P.1]
(a) To develop effective national legislation, policies and action plans and to strengthen the independent Commissioner for Children and Children, including the appointment of the Special Commissioner for Human Rights;
A/58/288.
It was said that there was no more clear problems that could be seen as an important objective of the draft article.
The Working Group noted that the draft proposal was made and agreed that it could be considered at the stage.
As today, the private sector and the private sector fully supports the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which has made additional benefits to many countries, which are making their commitment to the values and practices of NEPAD.
Angola is ready to continue to participate in regional and subregional programmes, such as sharing projects to enhance the capacity of African countries to respond to the challenges facing the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
As part of the better management and monitoring system, the Board has more focused on programme performance assessment and will ensure that the Organization's Organization's monitoring and strengthening the role of Member States in this regard.
We do not see progress, and we see a solution to the peaceful settlement of negotiations.
Strengthening the capacity of the Sierra Leone police
Each of the plan has been based on a broad and comprehensive balance.
This will enable it to re-establish a predictable and indirect commercial environment, and these restrictions have negative effects on investors.
The Turks and Caicos Islands: 13 January 2001.
The proposal under this heading was expressed.
I would like to take this opportunity to reaffirm the Secretary-General's Secretary-General, Mr. Kofi Annan, Secretary-General for Africa and the African world for peace and peace in Africa, and, in order to restore their personal support and support for the Organization.
We join the work of the United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Terrorism.
The Kosovo Parliament adopted the law on 13 March.
(g) A total of 134
Taking note of the progress made, despite progress, the implementation of the settlement plan remains difficult,
Welcomes the adoption of General Assembly resolution 56/6 of the Global Conference on Dialogue among Civilizations, and invites States, organizations and agencies of the United Nations system, as well as other international and regional organizations and civil society organizations to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action contained in the resolution,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session, to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session, to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session and to include all the replies to Governments in the official languages of the United Nations;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to cooperate with the Governments of all relevant Member States, intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations in the Economic and Social Council to hold a meeting in consultation with the Economic and Social Council with a view to achieving the basic principles and principles of the right to compensation for the victims of human rights and international humanitarian law and international humanitarian law and international humanitarian law, as well as to the first meeting of the Chairperson-Rapporteur of the Working Group, and the Working Group of the Working Group of the Working Group of the Working Group, and to consider the Working Group, in consultation with the first consultation with the Working Group of the first consultation with Mr.
Takes note with satisfaction of the progress made in the world in building a democratic society in many countries in building a democratic society, to better achieve human rights, political rights and cultural rights;
Notes
Welcomes the commitment made by the High Commissioner in paragraph 5 of General Assembly resolution 2002/7 of 2002 to use a seminar on extrabudgetary resources from the United Nations Development Programme and the United Nations Development Programme to explore practical ways and means to enhance the effective management of human rights in the country and to review the issues of good management practices and activities in accordance with paragraph 3 of resolution 2001/7 and its resolution 2002/7 of the Commission;
Reaffirms that peace, security and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including development, stability and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including development, and respect for development, and respect for cultural diversity, and respect for sustainable development and ensuring sustainable development;
Decides to continue consideration of the item at its sixtieth session.
Despite the difficulties faced by the Somali people in the northern region, it is still very difficult, and it is satisfied with basic services.
Prevention of the arms and light weapons
The law is based on:
At its 63th meeting, on 25 April 2003, the Committee considered the draft report on the work of the fifty-ninth session.
The death penalty (resolution 2003/62)
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003.
Strengthening of the work of the Commission (decision 2003/101)
We have committed ourselves to the useful development of the global economy as possible, as far as possible, to mitigate the vulnerability and to landlocked developing countries.
In the existing methods, medical costs are retained.
Bearing in mind the Declaration adopted by the World Food Summit in Rome on 10 June 2002,
Accordingly, the Committee is expected to make significant savings during this period.
Nevertheless, this is still a great opportunity to identify a comprehensive issue of sustainability in the Johannesburg World Summit on Sustainable Development; the International Conference on Financing for Development in Mexico, held in Monterrey, Mexico, in the context of the Monterrey Consensus on financing for development and international cooperation.
Invites donor countries, international financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, to provide financial support and expertise in the implementation of the regional seas programmes;
Also recognizes the need for greater transparency and technical support at the regional and subregional levels,
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism;
Emphasizing that the World Conference on Human Rights agreed with the international community to make every effort to reduce the debt burden of developing countries in order to achieve the economic, social and cultural rights of the people of those countries,
Recognizing also that the promotion and protection of the full enjoyment of all cultural identity is a key element of the protection of cultural diversity in the globalization process;
Notes
It was explained: the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat; the Economic Commission for Africa: Economic and Social Council: Economic and Social Council: Economic and Social Council; the Economic and Social Council: Latin America and the Caribbean: Economic and Social Council; the Economic and Social Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean: United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime: United Nations Environment Programme: United Nations Environment Programme;
Bulgaria believes that in paragraph 15 of the Final Document of the 1995 Final Document of the 2000 Review Conference was an important confidence-building measure in improving transparency in the entire NPT system.
In the case of Palestine, the international community as a whole is the responsibility of the international community, and Syria believes that UNRWA should continue to provide services until their status.
- “A.5.5.5]
The Supreme Court of War, from 26 to 28 March 2003, concluded that the six-month trial was maintained, and in addition to the death of a person in the case of a person in the case of a person in the case of a person in the six months of the period of six months.
The provisions of labour legislation are protected.
Requests the Secretary-General to appoint the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime as the secretariat of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention;
General Assembly
Taking note of the draft articles adopted by the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continued its growing number of United Nations personnel and OHCHR field offices in the field of human rights, with a view to improving their unique status and improving information on the ground.
During the reporting period, the Working Group had not received a letter dated 8 April.
According to the allegations, the number of missing persons are widely relevant to the public security force, in particular the Act and the Law of the Public Security Act and the Law of the Public Security Act, to permit the prevention of detention and long-term detention and the lack of humanitarian guarantees.
The Bureau has planned to seek the best action to address your issues.
According to the following assumptions, the subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments: all members and members of the members and associate member States to prepare data on the implementation of the recommendations, to monitor the objectives contained in the Millennium Declaration, including the objectives contained in the Millennium Declaration, and to provide adequate extrabudgetary resources for their operational activities.
(iii) Review of the high-level intergovernmental meetings of the Beijing Platform for Action and its global outcomes:
The law on nationality, marriage and donor are also the law.
Human rights and human rights
Reaffirming the obligation of all States to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, including the right to life, freedom and security, and reiterates their obligations under the human rights instruments, in particular the United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
Framework
The Committee notes with appreciation the State party's ratification of the European Charter on Economic and Social Council in November 2000 and the Additional Protocol to the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and the ratification of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination.
The Committee notes with concern that, as a result of the structural reforms in agricultural areas, particularly in rural areas.
Unless the legal standards contained in the International Labour Convention are respected, it will not be able to establish a genuine partnership with Governments to achieve the goals of education.
Any action under the jurisdiction of the State party shall not be able to achieve the right to water under its jurisdiction.
In accordance with this objective, the Committee adopted general comment No. 12 on the right to adequate food (see general comment No. 12 on the right to access to adequate food), which should be prepared as a framework for the adoption of a plan of action on adequate food.
Many of these mandates have established human rights and development, including those on education, food, housing, health, and the broader issues of development, such as the right to development, human rights and extreme poverty.
In cooperation with the United Nations Children's Programme on Ageing, the tenth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights was completed.
(d) The symposium was held in New York.
The proposal of Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM/1)
Chile's proposal for the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee (A/AC.261/L.11).
(d) To conclude a violation of human rights and fundamental freedoms in all of human rights and international humanitarian law;
Ms. D. D. ( Armenia) said that the issue of children was the core of the Millennium Development Goals.
Invites States, United Nations agencies, agencies and specialized agencies to assist developing countries in the eradication of the epidemic, in particular the least developed countries and the least developed countries, in particular the least developed countries and the least developed countries, to reduce and control and control of HIV/AIDS;
(b) Strengthening cooperation with Member States and relevant United Nations programmes, funds and institutions and organizations of the United Nations, funds and relevant regional organizations and organizations, and should assist in the implementation of the twenty-first century;
Cuba's lack of progress in the implementation of this article, which has repeatedly indicated that Cuba is the primary responsibility of the nuclear-weapon States to comply with the provisions of the Convention.
The Second International Trade Organization, the “Pent” of the five African countries, “the P-4, P-3, I, A.C.I, p. 142.
In favour:
As a member of the European Union, the United Kingdom has voted in favour of the draft resolution entitled “A peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine”.
The Committee notes that during the period from 29 March to 4 April 2004 in London, held on 4 March 2004 from 29 April to 4 April 2004, the Conference on Space and Social Affairs will be organized by the Institute for Outer Space Affairs and the Office for Outer Space Affairs.
The workshop discussed the issues of cooperation between the national focal points and national coordination bodies, the role of cross-border cooperation, national laws and legislation, national laws and administrative procedures, export and export control procedures, storage management, storage management and records of civil society.
Article 29
A vote was taken on the vote.
The information received showed that there is a wide range of recognition of human rights violations, war crimes, war crimes and genocide.
In the light of the definition of the above-mentioned definition, the majority of the persons in Spanish employment in Spain, 90 per cent of whom are men.
Source: B. B. B., July 2000.
This indicator is taking into account the fact that the rate of pay for the price of the purchase of a buyer is attributable to the lower cost of income.
The destruction of more than 23 hectares was destroyed.
The regional activities and programmes, including young women and girls, are focused on the establishment of networks, exchange of information, sharing of knowledge and composition of the United Nations Peace Programme and Programme of Action on the Culture of Peace and Programme of Action in the context of the United Nations and all other forms of human rights in the context of the United Nations.
If they are available, they are not only able to work with domestic law, with a view to continuing or remedy.
“The right of a State is extremely difficult to take a decision on the part of the property of its territory.
See ibid., p.m.
See also the case of the Supreme Court in the Barcelona case (the preliminary objection) (J.C., p. 59).
In accordance with the provisions of this article, the State party shall continue to accelerate extradition procedures and streamline evidence requirements.
Such agreements or arrangements should be finalized and implemented in full compliance with the provisions of such agreements or arrangements.
Article 8
See the Anti-Corruption Initiative (United Nations publication, Sales No.
The majority of the informal working group established during the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee had not been incorporated into the definition of “International public organization” because it has been clear in the terms of reference to this term.
During the fifth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations considered the best use of mandatory wording.
The concept of the present paragraph was also discussed.
At the second session of the Ad Hoc Committee, no comments were made on this article.
At the same time, it is necessary to retain full national policy to achieve development.
Report of the Working Group of Experts on International Accounting and Budget, submitted to the Working Group at its twenty-third session.
“D. Report of the Division for Investment, Technology and Development
Policy
The variance is mainly attributable mainly to the reduction of official travel and did not have been initiated, as the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, reduced the number of technical and technical issues to travel to the Mission in order to reduce the number of technical meetings for the Mission's technical meetings in 2004.
Agenda
The General Assembly,
Accordingly, in accordance with this issue, the Committee does not wish to take a decision to refer to Mr. I. A.A. I should not take a violation of article 3 of the Convention or any other provisions of article 3 of the Convention, without the consent of the Government of Egypt.
(b) On 18 March 2003, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda and the six armed groups signed a ceasefire agreement with six armed groups, as well as the way for the establishment of the Interim Administration Mission in the field of office in August 2003 and the establishment of the Interim Administration Mission;
(e) To be appropriate, as appropriate, knowledge management and human resources impacts.
Thus, as a result of the illegal trade in many countries, the illicit trade in many countries recognized the adverse effects of armed conflict and the delay in the efforts of States to achieve peace and security in the affected countries, and we are deeply concerned about the international efforts aimed at achieving peace and security.
The Chairman of the Legal Centre for Legal Affairs in 1999 was Chairman of the Board of Trustees.
The President of the National Education and Justice Office in 1994 was Chairperson.
• Act
One of the Government is to maintain and develop land and water resources to improve agricultural productivity.
The second year, announced a counter-terrorism campaign.
“The objective of the biennium 2004-2005: the number of personnel to meet the needs of all personnel in the deployment and rapid deployment of the list”
With respect to multilateral treaties, the European Convention on the Law of the European Convention on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice (EC), signed on 29 September 2000.
The means that sanctions could be described in a manner that could be used in language and war.
The exchange of views between Governments, the United Nations Secretariat, academia, non-governmental organizations, non-governmental organizations, non-governmental organizations and civil society are able to exchange of views on progress, obstacles and challenges to the development and use of the objectives of the objectives and the adoption of clear sanctions and dialogue on the arms embargo and the conclusion of the Bonn Agreement.
My delegation is pleased to note that, through the tenth anniversary of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, my delegation is pleased to note that the Programme of Action has made considerable progress in certain progress.
Mr. Kidyz (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): At the fifty-first session, the General Assembly is still under the agenda of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, at the same time, adopted by the General Assembly in the context of the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and Human Rights.
In the broader context, paragraph 15 of the Durban Programme of Action, not only referred to in paragraph 15 of the Durban Programme of Action not only a number of people and their impact on racism and racism, as well as the development of the community's development, as a result of the fact that the community has not been able to explore the fact that there is no opportunities for many of the past decades, as well as in many countries that had been able to reach its independence.
Annex
In 2003, the Working Group held its thirty-eighth and thirty-eighth sessions.
On 23 October 2003, the Government of Iran informed that he was released on 4 September 2003.
The Commission on Human Rights has also established a violation of serious human rights violations, genocide and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the appointment of the African Union Commission for the Referendum in Great Britain and Northern Ireland as a whole.
Therefore, the international community has actively supported the preparatory process and the Conference itself.
The Security Council has recently reaffirmed the need for women to integrate all peace and development processes.
We wish to take many initiatives.
The Commissioner once again emphasized the relationship between asylum and migration, reiterated UNHCR's continued to strengthen its cooperation between international and international migration, and recalled that UNHCR should continue to be able to carry out such synergies and to examine the reasons necessary to strengthen cooperation with non-governmental organizations.
In November 2001, Mr. M. M. M. I am informed that the proposal had been directly met.
In addition, after Mr. Pakm., Mr. Patii was able to recommend that the Treaty is not only to ensure that the Treaty is still in force, but also to make appropriate details on the establishment of the Agreement on the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, the independence of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, and the constitutional order of its independence, and the territorial integrity of the European Union.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization and hopes that Canada's development assistance in Canada would be considered to be considered and hoped that Canada would support the field.
Annex
Annex
(c) The test of the three-year space-based satellite is not available to the chemical, as well as in the case-by-case-to-date, in the course of the study, should be carried out in section 3 of the manual;
Effective capacity-building mechanisms are part of a flexible approach to the development of programmes at all levels, to achieve the objectives of the overall objectives of the overall goals.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemned the serious escalation of Israel's actions, which could lead to the situation in the region, and the peace process.
The Ambassador of the Ambassador of the Organization requested further information on the floor.
Following the debate in March and March 2002, the Parliament issued formal amendments to the Republic of Georgia as the Republic of Georgia and Georgia, which had been amended.
Resolution 2003 reiterated the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara and reiterates its support for efforts in accordance with Security Council resolution 58/179 and 691 (2003) of 6 August 2003.
The draft resolution was submitted by the representative of Sri Lanka on 21 October 2003.
Urges Governments to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur and to respond to his country's request to visit him to enable him to fulfil their duties in this regard, and welcomes the initiative of Governments to cooperate with the Special Rapporteur;
Strengthening the system of the United Nations country teams and other thematic groups, the United Nations country team and other thematic groups, continued to develop and streamline processes and to streamline the United Nations office for the United Nations Development Group, the United Nations Development Group (UNDP) and the United Nations Development Group, as well as its efforts to achieve an effective and effective means to achieve the achievement of development strategies, to achieve the achievement of development goals, and to achieve the development goals.
In accordance with the specific operational operations, mandates, mandates and scope of voluntary contributions.
• The percentage of special expenditures in the category and use of category is estimated by the Government of the Central African Republic
In addition, the introduction of a broader approach to the population is being carried out, such as the principle of the Principles, which is prepared by international organizations and non-governmental organizations in Indonesia, prepared by Indonesia in Indonesia.
12th meeting
They show that action taken at the national and international levels can help mitigate the adverse effects of such disasters.
Japan expects that the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and other agencies to further improve the methods of appeal, for example, more effective solutions to the crisis.
The measures taken to protect the health and health of the people living in the area should be taken into account.
(c) The Economic and Social Council has submitted such requirements.
However, as a result of the fact that there was no doubt of the socio-economic aspects of Burundi.
They are victims of a large number of violence committed by the formal security forces and armed groups.
This is a new phenomenon, which indicates that the help of the judicial system to combat the fear of the military.
(a) The preparation of a computer-based approach to the ability of qualified qualified persons to analyse, detect and detect natural and/or communications in their own territory and to identify natural and/or communications;
On behalf of the United Nations
In September 2003, UNFPA organized a meeting of 24 young people who participated as a network of young people, with a view to identifying and conduct a global campaign to prevent and prosecute the HIV/AIDS of young people.
In the financial framework of the Strategic Plan, she commended the initiative of Denmark for providing financial resources to mobilize resources for the proposed draft document (UNEP/CHW/CHW/CHW/CHW/CHW/INF/3).
The Working Group considered the item at its 3th meeting, on 21 October.
She reminded the Working Group that, since this item, the Working Group was a technical matter that the Working Group needs to be considered at the present session without a final decision.
At its 7th meeting, on 7 July, the Executive Secretary announced that the Secretary-General's attention was to the text of the decision of the Parties to the relevant website of the General Assembly of the Parties to the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the Parties to the United Nations.
Further information please contact the following website:
In its consideration of its consideration, the Committee agreed that the following standards should be taken into account:
The representative of Madagascar also thanked the organizations for the training courses.
Annex
The sub-item (c) does not have any documents.
Adviser
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
The rules of procedure may be amended.
Experts briefed the Commission on Protection and Human Rights on the situation.
This model recognizes that the Office of the United Nations system and other organizations of the United Nations system, as well as the responsibilities of the Department of Public Information and the Department of Public Information are working closely with the media, Member States, Member States, Member States and civil society partners.
Table 26.2 Resource requirements: United Nations Information Service
Annex
The workshop was held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002 and discussed the financing of money-laundering and the financing of nuclear-weapon States in West Africa.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/2000/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples,
Considering that the need to continue its efforts to ensure the dissemination of information on decolonization and to pay special attention to the best practices of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Ms. E.E (Egypt) said that the Special Rapporteur's response to the first reading of the question of the question of “the two major gender” was used in the first number of members, she asked whether the third gender, or whether the Special Rapporteur had not only one of individual persons.
Therefore, if a member of a member of the member would have the requirements of those language or language to other languages, with the relevant costs of the delegation.
WFP provides the basic knowledge of the basic English language, while UNFPA provides that English is practical requirements for all staff.
The Department of Public Information and Services at the world level, and the Department of Public Information and Services, in the field offices, are prepared in various local languages.
Arabic: Chinese; French: English; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French, Spanish; Russian Federation: Portugal; Russian Federation: Russian Federation; Russian Federation: Russian Federation: Russian Federation: Russian Federation; Russian Federation: Russian Federation: Spanish: Russian: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Russian: Spanish: Spanish: Russian: Russian; Russian Federation: Russian Federation: Spanish: Russian: Russian Federation;
The General Assembly,
c Includes salaries, travel and subsistence allowance and telecommunications costs.
(b) To approve the medium-term plan for the period 2003 (see E/ICEF/2004/L.7), including as a document of the Executive Board, for the preparation of regular resources expenditure, to be submitted to the Executive Board in 2004.
10.1 Through extrabudgetary resources, the main role of the field offices in promoting technical cooperation in the field of technical cooperation can help to promote dialogue with States to promote their normative responsibilities.
The Committee also recommends that the strengthening of effective measures to coordinate family and professional responsibilities and to promote national ownership.
The Committee expresses concern at the lack of access to the labour market and women's equal opportunities in agriculture and the informal sector, and their income.
She said that there had been significant actions to combat the proliferation of the epidemic, including the publication and implementation of the HIV/AIDS and AIDS Prevention Act 2002 and the development of HIV/AIDS programmes in cooperation with stakeholders to provide burdens on HIV/AIDS.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
The Committee expresses its appreciation to the Government's efforts to eliminate discrimination against indigenous women, including the first revision of Canada's human rights law, but also in particular concern about indigenous women's participation in all aspects of life.
However, it is difficult to identify the progress made in preventing women and violence.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure that violence against women and girls are carried out in the form of violence against women and girls.
The Committee expresses concern about the incidence of violence against women, including domestic violence.
The Committee also urges the State party to include gender and age-based data and to include such data in the next report.
The family's responsibility has been recognized as an integral part of social development.
The legislation on arms and military goods are contained in article 17 of the Convention on the Use of military transactions.
The general comment is contained in annex I, entitled to the general recommendation of the Committee, as part of the report.
With regard to the submission of 27 April and 28 February 1997, the claimant provided a copy of the claim and that it was not provided to the contract.
As stated in SACAC's average for equipment and equipment, the insurance rate was 28 per cent.
(b) B.S.
This claim refers to the costs of travel and communications, including travel and communications.
Accordingly, the Panel considered contract losses, loss of loss, loss of tangible property, financial losses, other loss of tangible property, other losses and interest, as well as the total amount of USD 1,872,34,32.
According to the claim, the claimant had not been able to provide the necessary information in accordance with article 15 of the Rules (art.
It is a view that it would be prepared to ensure that it is required to provide security arrangements for the purposes of the name of the case.
At the same time, Cambodia will make every effort to ensure that poverty remains the primary priority.
Mr. Pjz (Canada) said that his country had made progress in the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action in the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action.
The high-level segment of the substantive session of the Council has provided valuable guidance to many developing countries in promoting a comprehensive approach to rural development, which provided a detailed discussion on the opportunities for improving the financing of operational activities.
(see http://www.un.org/index.htm).
Convinced that the use of mercenaries or the use of mercenaries, regardless of their form, it is a threat to peace, security and the self-determination of peoples, as a threat to the enjoyment of their human rights,
The President announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, Mauritius and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia had joined the sponsors.
Introduction
Most of the conditions are effective to 31 December 2005.
We will continue to work towards the implementation of the recommendations made by the Human Rights Committee.
Finally, the response to human rights violations and the response of these acts is to be involved in the work of the Commission and to control the Committee under control under the Committee.
We believe that the appointment of the Secretary-General in Iraq will help to do so.
Let us address the issues raised in the project.
Otherwise, the results of the elections are likely to be only through a vote, to make the existing political figures.
During the previous period, UNIFEM has increased its work in the field of strategic and plan, which has been in the field.
The strategic framework for UNIFEM will provide guidance to UNIFEM programmes, partnerships and reporting.
While the support of the United Kingdom and UNAMSIL has focused on strengthening the security capacity of the Government of Sierra Leone to prevent the rebel movements, the fact that the military forces of the Republic of Sierra Leone had been difficult to eliminate the integrity of the Republic of Sierra Leone.
The Panel recommends support of the United Nations Mission in Liberia for the implementation of the moratorium on the export of small arms in Liberia.
He had been granted to the temporary entry into Côte d'Ivoire, as he was transferred to the airport.
Member States, financial institutions and development should support projects in the implementation of United Nations standards and standards.
It is clear that the draft resolution could improve, but it is clear that it is indeed to cease all terrorist acts.
Ms. I (Morocco) said that, despite the right to work in Morocco, the right to work, it was difficult to implement the right in the economic level and the lack of practical social democracy.
At the end of the life expectancy, the quality of the plant is not accurate: the success rate of 90 per cent, from 90 per cent to 9 per cent of the low-cost rates, and the need to reduce the lives of a life.
All parties must apply to these measures.
The overall trend in the geostationary orbit is also addressed to the geostationary orbit, which will be in the area of the geostationary orbit after the end of the satellite.
Annex
In UNCTAD, through strengthening cooperation among the Division, technical cooperation and capacity-building in the area of UNCTAD's expertise and capacity-building.
The World Tourism Organization may establish any regional offices or sub-items, and should be responsible for the establishment of regional offices or United Nations offices, in particular the regional commissions and resident coordinators.
In the light of the above, it is estimated that the general insurance for the biennium 2004-2005 was estimated at 70,000 dollars for the biennium 2000-2001 for the United Nations property in the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium.
Its results, the number of users of the official documents will be reduced.
All sessions were held in Geneva in Geneva.
With regard to this provision, the Convention requested States parties to report on the progress made and the implementation of the rights of the States Parties to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and to report on any factors affecting the implementation of the Convention.
Regrettably, the delay in the Commission's inception has been very serious.
It should be clear in the context of the national policy on the ground of the military commanders of the region, while the allegations of excessive use of force should be investigated by an independent body.
b The Committee considered the situation of political and political rights in Suriname without a request.
During the reporting period, the United Nations response to the coordination of the system of disaster relief (including humanitarian assistance).
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/10), para.
The LDCs's commitment to the development of a world-centred road map, which is aimed at ensuring the necessary environment, poverty eradication.
Madagascar has established a network of oil, water, water and soil production.
In accordance with Agenda 21, the question referred to in Agenda 21, such as access to safe drinking water, adequate water and clean water, modern energy services.
We encourage the two countries to complete their common borders.
It was particularly concerned about the current conflict in Colombia and that the conflict affected by the conflict affected by the population of African descent and indigenous communities; participants called for special attention to the issue of the conflict.
In order to assist the Working Group to clarify various policies, a independent study was made and presented in the ninth session of the Working Group (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.51/2000/CRP.1).
I would also like to thank you for your predecessor, the Ambassador of Uganda of Uganda for his excellent work during the presidency of the presidency and for the excellent guidance made during the presidency of the presidency.
The proposed reform is an important element to reduce our statements and to the country's statement.
Mr. H. Mali (Malaysia): Allow me to express my delegation's appreciation to the President of the First Committee of the Disarmament and International Security Council.
Stressing the provisional nature of the Force,
Also requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to submit a analytical report on the effective implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action to the present next session of the Working Group on the existing regional and international standards and instruments on racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to assess the role of the Working Group in order to assist the Working Group to complete the implementation of international standards;
Each State Party shall, in accordance with the fundamental principles of the national legal system, consider the establishment of a procedure for the establishment of a court or any appropriate means, to consider the establishment of a court order or any appropriate means of determining that the persons who are responsible for the offences covered by the present Convention:
As a result of such agreements or arrangements, such joint investigations may be agreed on.
The position of the nuclear-weapon States has no change.
The SBSTA requested the secretariat to follow up the initial report of the secretariat on the basis of the outcome of the tenth session of the SBSTA at its tenth session, following the adjournment of the eighth session of the SBSTA.
Bearing in mind its relevant resolutions,
Bearing in mind the recommendations adopted by the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/57/SR.56).
In India, the contrary, the protection and protection of the basic rights and people remains a fundamental responsibility.
It needs to assist the parties and the international community to help achieve their growth.
First, although there has been a strong normative framework for mines, the instrument to address the instruments that would contribute to post-conflict post-conflict situations.
In general, the military force has not implemented a large-scale investigation, test or mine action.
My country will continue to support the international instrument on the basis of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
There is no serious humanitarian threat.
Mr. Sattar (Secretary of the Secretary-General): The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C/L.44/Rev.1 on the implementation of the United Nations Programme of Action on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects, entitled “The United Nations Programme of Action for the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects”, which was held in French, on 22 October 2003.
South Africa's policy based on small arms and light weapons, identified the importance of regional practices to address the proliferation of small arms and light weapons.
In operative paragraph 4, we also have a significant change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to strengthen its collective efforts in human resources development;
The Centre has signed agreements with major countries of the rural poor, in support of non-governmental organizations, all levels of non-governmental organizations, local governments, NGOs, non-governmental organizations, national local governments, non-governmental organizations, the Philippines, the Philippines and Senegal, and the regional commissions of the regional commissions.
Subsequently, the Bureau of the Council, in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 7 of the above-mentioned resolution, established by the Council at its 7th meeting, on 31 October 2001, established a Permanent Representative of the Council to take immediate effect.
We will go back to our countries, our peoples and future generations.
The plan was approved by the National Economic Summit and Parliament.
Africa has been completed in Africa.
States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
The security assurances is that the nuclear-weapon-free or use of nuclear weapons.
Most of the courts cannot operate, most of the basic facilities are destroyed or destroyed.
There will also be training in the provision of integrated logistical concepts.
I would like to commend the valuable contribution of all leaders to the cause of peace and security in Liberia.
When the date of the election is not a permanent residence permit, the right to vote is entitled to vote in the local government in its final contract.
Similarly, women can work on special education, and have not been subjected to gender-based restrictions, and that such special education courses are provided for special needs to be used for the physical and psychological development of special needs to be developed and the educational skills of students.
The fact that the current social safeguards model is a prerequisite for the benefit of the social security of the majority.
According to the “The Social Security Act, the Republic of Latvia has been living in the past 12 months, but the total number of persons who live in the Republic of Latvia (which are not less than 60 months) in the past 12 months (e.g. a total of 60 months of the right to social security in persons with disabilities, except for the right to be paid to persons with disabilities.
At present, the amount of the child provided for by 1 January 1999 to the family of the child provided by 1 January 1999 for the first birth in Latvia, the second of Latvia or the second of the second sentence, or more than 80 per cent of the third, of the third of Latvia, or the third of the total of 19.8 million.
Disarmament continues to be key to progress in the peace process.
Japan has also funded the United Nations fact-finding mission to the present year.
The effective conditions applicable to the law are related to the legitimate nature of the terrorists in the law of the law of the law of the law of the treaty, and in particular the acts of acts that recognize the State.
In particular, the question is whether the State could not modify, suspension or withdrawal.
The Parties referred to various gaps and difficulties related to the implementation of greenhouse gas emissions.
Requests the Secretary-General to encourage the organizations of the United Nations system to improve procurement measures in accordance with their respective mandates, in particular to streamline the registration procedures of another entity, in particular through the use of the Internet and the use of the Internet, inter alia, the use of the Internet;
I would like to return to this issue.
Therefore, my delegation wishes to reiterate once again its best impact on this goal.
Only in other countries of the Great Lakes region have also made progress in the democratic transition, the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo can be completed.
However, any situation could not prevent this new Great Lakes Community, as well as other countries of Uganda and Tanzania, with their interests in the Great Lakes region.
We note the progress made on the draft resolution to address this concerns.
In the focus on health and sustainable development, the Plan calls for developing countries to provide affordable energy for rural communities, particularly in the light of the reduction of traditional fuel sources, as a result of the impact on traditional fuel sources and the health of women and children.
The Governments and other stakeholders are invited to ensure that local and administrative reform processes are encouraged to improve the access of resources (including land, heritage and the rights of financial services and services.
Several Member States have submitted additional information.
The Ministerial Declaration of the Economic and Social Council addressed the important role of rural women in policy and decision-making.
Reaffirms that international cooperation and national action should be carried out in accordance with the principles of the Charter, international law and relevant international conventions;
In Germany's debate, this debate was further implemented in the Bonn process, focusing on the implementation and implementation of sanctions relating to travel and air management.
General Assembly
The mission would expect that this visit will be an opportunity to fulfil all the obligations that have not yet done so, thus to fully implement the actions of self-government arrangements.
Mr. A. G. (Australia): I thank you, Mr. President, for convening this meeting, on behalf of Australia and my colleague, said that the informal meeting of the Pacific Islands Forum had recently made great importance to the issue of the most important issues.
We hope that the international community and the United Nations system will be able to provide assistance to these efforts.
Over the years, the destruction of small arms has been caused by the proliferation of small arms.
New Zealand's support for the transition team is an additional commitment to other assistance to the Ivorian people; this assistance was provided by New Zealand International Development Agency.
However, more efforts should be made.
“The person's people”.
The United Nations is a role in the international system.
At the same time, we have increased informal and medium-sized programmes.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General to inform the Secretary-General that the number of documents should be taken into account for the quality of the translation of the documents of the pre-trial review;
He responded to a number of specific issues that are being taken by the services of the services of the services of the services of services.
Review, institutional and related matters
Israel's call on the United Nations and the international community to cease its aggression and aggression against Lebanon, which has continued its risk and consequences in many cases, and that these actions continue to be held in many instances, intimidation and intimidation, and the destruction of Lebanese civilians, and the destruction of the destruction of their civilians.
Nauru
H.E. President
In this regard, the rules of international trade should take into account their own negative impact on poverty and land degradation.
The Mission is working with the United Nations country team in cooperation with the United Nations Development Assistance Framework and to strengthen the socio-economic commitments contained in the future implementation of the peace agreement.
The Counter-Terrorism Group is closely linked to transnational organized crime, and it is important to redouble its efforts to implement strict controls on financial institutions to combat fraud and crime.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of Security Council resolution 1267 (1999) and 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism, it continues to be included in the list of other groups associated with the Taliban.
It was pleased that it had made some recommendations in this regard, particularly in the establishment of assistance and monitoring mechanisms, which had been adopted by other countries.
Action on draft resolution A/C.3/60/L.10 and A/C.2/60/L.1
Annex
The Indian tourism organization held a multi-stakeholder meeting in March and April 2002 in April 2002 to share experiences, consideration of the issue, strengthening of national, regional and international cooperation and identify the challenges of the future.
The main objective of the meeting was to enable it to participate in the regional preparatory meetings, in particular those of the stakeholders that have not been able to participate in the regional preparatory meetings of the regional preparatory meetings.
Annex
Recommendations
Agenda
Statements in different sub-item may be reflected in the relevant and cross-cutting issues.
UNICEF offices have effective and strategic mobilization in the country's country and has made a foundation for further development.
As a result, the establishment of a strategy for the rapid deployment of a new mission, the establishment of a strategy for the future.
The following information also provided:
It is also important that the application of legal law is essential for the application of insolvency proceedings, the Guide should include information on these issues in order to provide assistance and guidance and guidance on those issues.
Annex
However, his delegation believed that the decision should be made in conjunction with chapter V.
The following is the draft strategy for the implementation of a strategic framework for delegations.
Member States should be encouraged.
Yemen
Barbados
The Chair expressed appreciation for the presidency of the Parties to him at its ninth session and thanked him for his predecessor, Mr. B. R. R. R. S.A.
The Conference of the Parties will now consider the performance of these Parties.
Implementation of the Convention and other provisions of the Convention
Taking into account the political guidance of the Millennium Summit, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, have emphasized the crucial role of the Economic and Social Council in the context of the integrated and coordinated follow-up and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits.
These events are effectively identified by all of us to promote development and ensuring peace, security and justice.
“Recalling the Declaration of the United Nations New Partnership for Africa's Development and the General Assembly on 30 September 2002 on 4 November 2002 on the final review and appraisal of the United Nations New Partnership for Africa's Development and the New Partnership for Africa's Development,
“7. Expresses its appreciation to the activities of the United Nations system at the regional level, which covers the activities of the various areas of partnership-building, in this regard, urges the strengthening of the coordination of partnerships with the United Nations system to support the partnership of the United Nations system;
If this amount, it was indicated that only in the present document, the exchange rate of exchange was stated in United States dollars in United States dollars in United States dollars in the context of the United Nations Statistics Report on 4 April 1990.
The loss of the claim
In particular, it is estimated that the loss of the six contracts, as compared with the total amount of USD 1,377,77,17,17,377, and 31 December 1,378 and 31 December.
In addition, if the claim relates to the loss of tangible property, the Panel finds the date of the date of the loss of loss of loss of loss (in respect of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait) on 2 August 1990.
In addition, it was also requested that the amount of the amount paid to third parties to the contract after the end of the contract.
(6) Paragraph 2 is included in the context of the draft articles in the context of the present draft articles.
(c) Special Rapporteur
(c) To develop this model, taking into account some of the work of the Committee on the topic, the Special Rapporteur may wish to consider the following matters:
(ii) Use of environmental and environmental losses and loss of profits (para.
Accordingly, the report is to focus on results or results, to avoid the attitude of these instruments or to the conclusions adopted by States.
The members indicated that the effectiveness of the effectiveness of the Convention depends on specific recognition.
Introduction
Thus, the definition should be reflected in the real intention of the State to reflect the real intention of the State, rather than in the context of the reservation to the legal effect of the reservation made under the Vienna Convention.
In addition to the signature of a treaty or other agreement, the withdrawal of a reservation is only after the withdrawal of a State or the organization of a State or the organization.
In paragraph 50 of the report, the Group agreed that the Committee should not address the issue of the establishment of the International Criminal Court and its relationship.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 60-22.
For this reason, see S.I.E. H.E. H.I.I.J, Paris, vol. 89, No. 89, No. 2, para.
At its 27th meeting, on 7 July 2003, the Committee considered the sixth report of the Fifth Committee.
In addition, a number of unilateral acts have been made, suspension, suspension or suspension of unilateral acts, as it is subject to unilateral acts, as such as those such as such as such as such as such as such as such acts.
Some of them were detained at 20 years, and the same time is the most long-term war.
However, some relevant officials seem to return services and to explore the possibility of establishing common services in the recruitment and health insurance.
The United Nations also has a wide range of experience in the management and facilities in the field of services and services.
On 7 December 1992, A/C.5/38.
However, the United Nations could become more useful, and more effective, the United Nations could become more useful and more effective.
Welcoming the participation of the Vice-President of the Cayman Islands in the Caribbean Regional Seminar held in Anguilla from 20 to 22 May 2003, and noting that he was concerned about the case in the Territory of the Territory,
To this end, in accordance with Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations, action taken by the United Nations,
In this context, the soil situation in the most parts of the world has shown that it would benefit from the largest area.
Please provide a list of assets under this resolution.
Since 1997 the United Nations Mission in the area of land and marine fish stocks, it is also able to make a key approach to the life of the Earth's system in five years to support a system for the life of the Earth.
(e) To coordinate all space activities at the highest level, to provide scientists in many research and applications in the field;
However, the growing population and more active actions, and it has taken an obstacle to that threat to the normal relationship between the people and Cuba.
A general law is being implemented in the framework of this framework, which is a serious crime.
Strengthening the capacity of developing countries to combat terrorism is one of the priorities of the United States in recent years.
See paragraph 3 (a) and 2 (f).
In 19 financial Assistant (national General Service, 1 United Nations Volunteers).
The number of other parts will be supported by 1 Field Service and 1 United Nations Volunteers.
Other items
Item 12
Annex
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Myanmar (A/C.2/60/L.65/Rev.1, para.
Report of the Commission on Human Rights (resolution 2200 A)
Young people are important for a legally binding agreement: I now have a young woman who are not married.
Women are often unable to report rape, particularly in rape and victims.
Article 48
The social status and women's social status has caused this situation, but the risk of low labour market.
At the same time, the rural family registration expenditure is low ( per cent of the low per cent of the low per cent of the rural family) and showed that the income in the rural family may be reduced.
The International Labour Organization adopted the Convention on the Rights of the Child, which shall be treated in the same way as to protect workers from staff members, the protection of trade unions and representatives of workers, as the representatives of those who are members of their national legislation.
Children
The specialized, and cultural heritage of persons with disabilities and their environment, can be included in Belgrade in 2001.
Also expresses concern at the Secretary-General's recent peacekeeping missions, in particular in Africa and the number of resources made in some recent peacekeeping missions;
I am grateful to the President of the Security Council.
Other programmes require bilateral assistance.
Nevertheless, the situation in Israel and Israel, as well as on the basis of a just and comprehensive peace towards a just and comprehensive peace in the region, and we have not yet lost hope.
1.2 With regard to the establishment of a bill on financing or financing for terrorist acts;
The specific body of law enforcement and the protection of the State, namely, the case of Chile and the Armed Forces (the police) is not subject to the general definition of the provisions of article 2 points.
Mr. L. W. (United States of America): The United States would like to say very very brief.
The Third Committee adopted the draft resolution entitled “The trial”.
Japan will continue to cooperate with the Secretariat and the Government of Cambodia to establish a special Chamber.
However, there is no reason for the fact that a State's recognition of the relevant responsibility of an international organization is not possible.
Annex
Accordingly, the judges of El Salvador, regardless of the high level of independence.
In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar rejected the arrangements between Spain and the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom, as a “the illegal, political and political unacceptable”; in which the arrangements should be applied to the European Union should not apply to the Territory, if it is not applicable to the Territories.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continues to emphasize the cost of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons in the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
Annex
The national reconciliation process also requires support, in particular the rehabilitation and reintegration of former combatants and support for elections.
In addition, human rights capacity-building needs to be sustained and needed to improve the protection of children.
These problems constitute a major challenge for youth in forestry or formal role.
It was hoped that the United Nations regional economic and social Commission would continue to redouble its efforts to promote youth concerns.
I welcome the floor on behalf of the Council and invited the floor.
Report of the Executive Committee (A/58/17, sect. B, sect. B, sect.
I do not thank members for cooperation and support in this regard.
marine small island developing States have considerable impact.
At the fourth meeting of the United Nations Open-ended Working Group on the Law of the Sea, in June, the Forum noted that the Forum was very useful and that the Conference decided to conclude a three-year period.
While efforts have been made, the issue of pollution caused by the marine environment remains far.
As indicated in the report, there are some specific issues that have been in the field of marine areas, the international, regional and national levels have been continued and coordinated.
The meeting concluded another milestone on the lives of the Convention, which would be the establishment of the Organization's tenth anniversary.
In accordance with the office of the Prosecutor, its national human rights and international humanitarian Unit did not investigate such crimes.
There are also the work of a number of local safety security security in the premises (in-line, the vehicle and the public and public television systems).
Introduction
As necessary, the United Nations should include in the agenda of the Economic and Social Council's proposal to include in the agenda of the Economic and Social Council, or in accordance with the rules of procedure, as appropriate, in accordance with the rules of procedure or institutions.
The Dag Hammarskjöld Library has established a specialized web site on human rights at the United Nations web site, as well as related resources.
The national human rights institutions have played a significant role in ensuring the implementation of international human rights treaties and should also encourage them to continue to be strengthened and to strengthen their collaboration with Governments and civil society organizations.
No person shall be sentenced to imprisonment for a period of imprisonment for a period of imprisonment for a period of imprisonment or from a radio or television equipment, or to any other means that may be used to be used in the event of an offence or to the use of a radio or television.
Recalling the results of the past decade, and there is no doubt that all Member States have the opportunity to express their views on the reform and provide their reform recommendations.
The veto is a flagrant violation of the principle of equality between States of the Charter and the principle of fair and democratic.
However, as some of the permanent members of the Security Council, the Security Council did not take action on Israel, to encourage Israel.
Please describe the activities of the United Nations, Al-Qaida, Al-Qaida and the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Taliban and its neighbours, as well as the potential and possible trends in your country.
As indicated in the present report (para.
Taking into account the findings of the Board of Auditors, the Advisory Committee emphasizes the importance of further review of the issues such as the memorandum of understanding, verification, verification reports, verification reports and resources.
“In order to improve the well-being of young people, access to employment and access to action, the action plan should take into account the impact of information and communication technologies.
The working paper will indicate that paragraph 1 (d) was intended to emphasize that the State party's obligations under international instruments on human rights, in accordance with their accession to the rights of human rights, must not be interpreted as a change.
The human rights defenders have committed themselves to the implementation of the laws or practices of human rights and fundamental freedoms, or in violation of human rights and human rights, and they are in many countries.
In the light of previous national communications, the Parties have a significant improvement in the reporting and policies.
They introduced steps to ratify the Protocol, including the necessary legislation.
Annex
The high-level meeting will be held from 1 to 2 September, from 1 to 2 September 2003 to 29 August 2003.
I should be grateful if you would be grateful to the present letter and its annex to the present letter and its annex to the Conference on Disarmament as a non-members of the Conference on Disarmament and its work.
Measures to develop e-commerce as a means of development
In response to the request made by the secretariat, the UNCCD secretariat may, if possible, report on the thematic report of the Secretary-General on the topic of land and agriculture, as well as on the thematic reports of the Secretary-General on the topic of land and agriculture, as well as the relevant reports of the Secretary-General on the institutional procedures for the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of Agenda 21.
(d) In addition to the case of the case, the right to vote in other cases.
It prepared the draft rules of procedure, the Panel's terms of reference and the special contracts for experts.
The Committee requests the Working Group to prepare a substantive discussion on the issues raised by the Secretariat at its forty-fourth session (A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.94).
One developing countries, even though more than 10 per cent of the transmission rate, are still able to reverse the rate of transmission.
But this is not sufficient.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
UNFPA's donor base reflects the support of UNFPA's programme, as well as its common responsibility for the mobilization of funds and its members.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/Add.3-mail-to-date, paras.
Fourth, the military revolution has not been increasingly complex, and the arms embargo between conventional arms and weapons.
The Management Committee agreed at the outset.
This time shows that this responsibility for the transfer of the Iraqi people, which should be carried out in the political process to Iraq.
This may lead to the need to be inconsistent with other issues, and to provide public information on the poor.
As a United Nations member of the United Nations country teams, programmes and offices are very important in this regard.
The selection process should be applied and transparent.
If the use of this adjustment is available, the IPCC good guidance guidance should be made before the IPCC.
This meeting is indeed a different meeting.
This will be completed — and I hope that we can enter into the next phase of the implementation of resolution 1244 (1999).
Report of the Fifth Committee
At the 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Committee introduced a draft decision entitled “International security management system: the United Nations field security management framework” (A/C.5/56/L.17).
In principle, the Secretary-General approved the establishment of the United Nations Integrated Framework for the Safety of the United Nations, in accordance with the agreement adopted by the Secretary-General and the United Nations in the manner that the construction of the land will be in all the United Nations;
It is important to verify the integrity of the environment and social reports.
consultation with non-members of the Non-Self-Governing Territories
The Republic of Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Romania and Slovenia, and the associated States of Bulgaria, Romania, Romania, Romania and Turkey, and the European Union members of the European Union.
The Asia and the Pacific Community, UNDP, UNDP, the Asian Development Bank, the United Nations Development Bank and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) made a significant contribution to the Conference.
The objective of the interregional project is to enhance the capacity of developing countries and regions in the following areas and best practices and best practices in the following areas: (i) trade and negotiations on trade and diversification; (i) further participation in small-scale small enterprises; (iii) further participation in the global supply network; (iii) the development and implementation of ICT policies; (iii) further use of management and communication technologies.
UNDP has also improved in some areas of cooperation with the regional commissions, but the Executive Secretary agreed that UNDP had to be more active in the work of the Executive Committee on Economic and Social Affairs and regional coordination meetings to ensure greater coordination in the implementation of regional and regional coordination programmes and programmes.
The economic development of the Asian development of global commodities and supply has affected Africa.
Therefore, efforts are made to ensure consistency in the framework of the Consultative Group, round tables and the national development framework.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(v) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament;
Advancement of women
(i) Assessment of cultural and development in the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty
The United Nations system has also taken place in the north-east of El Salvador and the North-East Atlantic and the North-East Atlantic in the north-east of the North-East Atlantic, and has already developed a project on humanitarian assistance.
Agenda
Also reaffirms the follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and the twenty-fourth special session of the Fourth World Conference on Women and the twenty-fourth special session of the Fourth World Conference on Population and Development,
The spouses must be more than 24 years.
Many of the major matters, such as the reform of the international financial markets and trade conditions, environmental pollution, global warming, the risk of poverty and the spread of poverty, the elimination of extreme poverty, the elimination of extreme poverty, access to health, water, water and food and food.
System
Report of the Second Committee (A/58/82)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/589/Add.1)
The draft decision was adopted (resolution 58/5).
The substance of this proposal is the Russian willingness of the Russian Federation to inform the issuance of an update on the future and its objectives.
5 See joint investment in rural areas through the International Fund for Agricultural Development (TD/B), the Caribbean Development Bank and Guyana (UNEP) and the Government of the Government of Guyana, introduced a focus on the development of initiatives in rural areas.
However, women are not only less than 7 per cent of this percentage.
Noting also that the production of the satellite is a more effective and more advanced fuel.
United Nations regional commissions
However, this project has significantly expanded its scope, including population trends, international migration, trafficking and trafficking in migrants, trafficking and trafficking in migration, international cooperation management, abuse of international migration, abuse of international migration, abuse and their impact on their countries.
Training courses are also effective mechanisms.
Indonesia has been a victim of a number of terrorist attacks, including a number of terrorist attacks, on 12 October 2002, and recent attacks on the village of Mali on 5 August 2003.
In order to address the main case, the mission established a counter-terrorism task force.
All parts of the Monterrey Consensus have also been part of the High-level Dialogue — the main stakeholders, other intergovernmental organizations, civil society and commercial sectors.
Following a comprehensive review of the information provided by some Member States, a comprehensive review of the scale of exchange rates for national income, national gross gross national income in the period from the period from 2001 to 2001 is expected to be adjusted in the context of the revised rate of exchange rates between the country, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Republic of Iran, the United Republic of Iran, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Republic of Iran's, the Republic of Iran, the Democratic Republic of Iran, the Democratic Republic of Great Britain and Venezuela, the Democratic Republic of Iran, the Democratic Republic of Iran's Republic of Iran's Republic of Iran's Republic of Iran, the Democratic Republic of Iran, the United Nations, after the previous months of Great Britain and Venezuela, the United Nations, the Republic of Great Britain and other than in a number of Great Britain and Venezuela, in a number of Iran's view, in the interim decision on the United Republic of Iran's decision on the same time of Great Britain and Venezuela, in the previous time of Iraq's decision on the same time-Islamic Republic of Iran
At the same time, the Committee decided to collect data on the scale of assessments for the period from 2004 to date on the application of specific methods contained in paragraph 1 of resolution 55/5 B.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the long-term financial obligations of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the decision of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the judgement, however, that it would be considered on a case-by-case basis in support of the legal, administrative and financial reasons;
The President also held several informal consultations.
The confidence-building process is a central process.
In accordance with rule 13 of 5 May 2000, the Prime Minister issued the drafting of the responsibility of the United Nations Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, which was submitted to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The General Assembly will provide more detailed reports, not only reflected the conclusions of the meetings, but also discussed.
In favour:
The maternal mortality rate is a life expectancy in each of one hundred live births;
In 1991, the European Community, Japan and Canada has established action to promote the United Nations conventional arms Register.
During the period from 1 June 2002 to 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library held a total of 12 training courses in section 12 of the Dag Hammarskjöld Library, including the staff, staff members, non-governmental organizations, journalists, non-governmental organizations, journalists, etc.
In this context, the branch and subsidiary bodies shall inform the Committee that this matter may be informed of the bank or financial institutions in order to allow the establishment of a computer system for the currency.
Draft resolution
At the regional level, it will continue to take particular emphasis on the need for technical cooperation for the least developed countries in the framework of the Integrated Framework for Trade-related Technical Cooperation for Trade and Development in the context of South-South trade and the expansion of poverty reduction activities.
The proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003 was maintained in all languages at all levels, reflecting the importance of the language.
General comments
1 January
It urged the Government to ensure the full understanding of equality and non-discrimination in international norms and norms in this regard.
At present, many of the states of the Federal Republic have established such a cross-border working group, since the fight against trafficking can be successful.
(1) The State party shall not be able to accelerate the implementation of temporary special measures taken by the State party to the elimination of women and men, without prejudice to the discrimination referred to in the present Convention, and should not lead to the purpose of maintaining inequality or treatment;
The percentage of women in the category of the category (a) is the percentage of women in Germany's staff in the Professional staff in Germany, which is 5.9 per cent of women and 10 men, and 5 per cent of the percentage of women and men in the category of the category (para.
a (c) To contribute to the entire society.
With regard to the participation of women in cultural life, the following:
Each State Party shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate all matters relating to women's rights in marriage and family relations, and in particular, to ensure that women's women's equality between women and men,
Transport*
We are very concerned about the situation in the Middle East.
I now give the floor to the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations.
At the current time, Israel continues to increase tensions and thus attacks on Syria.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Bank
Many of the international conference on organized crime and international cooperation, particularly:
1994
• In accordance with article 5 of the Penal Code, if there is no practical offence against terrorism, the perpetrators of such crimes should assist and seek to assist and prosecute persons responsible for such crimes.
No. 9 of 21 May 2002.
As for the purposes of the maintenance of all other States Parties, whether it is not possible to inform the information on the merits of the reservation.
There is no doubt that the preservation of the power is a party, which may cause the nature of the “the” nature of which may be lost, in accordance with the current law, it is a clear that the proposed law is not available.
Therefore, the Committee urges the Committee more attention to the issue of liability for foreign vessels, more attention to the provisions of the flag State, the registration State, the registration State, the registration of the port State, the registration of the port State.
It was also suggested that, in the latest trends in international law, such as environmental and economic law, the provisions of the Framework are increasingly linked to the common system, as a result of the first step in dealing with issues related to the relevant international instruments and mechanisms, in particular the light of the rules of procedure and mechanisms, the adoption of the rules of law.
Annex.
In 2001, the Committee decided to appoint a independent expert on the question of extreme poverty, on the basis of the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, a statement on the concept of globalization and human rights, in order to make a clear link between the two issues.
The participants concluded that more efforts must be made to enhance the dissemination of information and activities.
The Government of Uganda has been able to avoid conflict from the camps and the police headquarters.
He expressed its understanding that all countries have already done, but urged delegations to reach a compromise.
Germany recognized the threat posed by terrorism and excessive arms diamonds.
In recent years, most of the efforts made in the Middle East have been faced by the Council.
In particular, decision makers would like to ensure that adequate research personnel are able to meet more needs of countries to expand scientific capacity and to make greater attention.
Article 1
Noting that most of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are the small island,
Informal consultations on agenda item 5 (b) (convened by the sea)
The two-year cycle will be determined at each session.
Report of the Secretary-General
Recognizing also the important role of the new technologies and emerging technologies in improving the production and competitiveness of national production and competitiveness, inter alia, the need for capacity-building and measures to promote the transfer and dissemination of scientific and technical awareness of developing countries,
The parties and armed conflict shall take all feasible preventive measures under control under the control of the civilian population, the civilian population, the civilian population and civilian objects of explosive remnants of war.
To ensure that ammunition are expected to be used as appropriate, to ensure the role of ammunition.
Also welcomes the ongoing review process of the Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, held in New York from 8 to 19 April 2002,
Annex
In our strong fight against terrorism, it is also necessary to ensure the dignity and fundamental freedoms of individuals and fundamental freedoms and to ensure that democratic processes and legitimate procedures are not violated.
This report would help the Committee to measure the extent of compliance with sanctions and to identify the necessary technical assistance required for implementation.
In 2002, the Office of the High Commissioner for Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States continued its efforts to promote the mainstreaming of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries, funds and programmes in Brussels for the Decade 2001-2010.
Audit
Draft resolution A/C.2/60/L.8 and A/C.3/60/L.4
The policy approach to staff will be explored as a result of a large-scale unit in UNHCR's implementation (see para. 19 above), including the use of such policies between the Office of the United Nations Office for Human Resources Management, in order to meet the needs of staff members from high-level staff in the field of high-level staff.
This would allow WHO to benefit from the World Bank and to share the relationship between experts from the World Bank, and to provide a small portion of the funds provided by the WHO/WHO from the donor community, but only a small portion of the funds provided for in East Timor.
For details, see the report of the Secretary-General on 4 October 1999.
Annex
The Conference of the Parties,
Mr. President of Zimbabwe, President of Zimbabwe, was escorted from the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling (Argentina): I have the honour to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
The European Union has recently recently highlighted the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and security policies, which demonstrates our utmost to work at the first time.
Non-Proliferation of anti-personnel mines should not be used.
UNCTAD's report on the development of the least developed countries, and he welcomed.
The Advisory Group recommended that at its ninth session in March 2004.
The role of the regional commissions to provide important technical cooperation services to developing countries.
At the time of the Conference on Disarmament, I would like to join members, and I wish to express the hope that the Disarmament Commission will make it possible to discuss and identify the only institutional framework for discussion on disarmament, which will be considered as a framework for effective and results.
Since the date of nuclear weapons has been used, human rights has been explored.
We should be considered as an important step, which will have taken a serious solution to nuclear disarmament.
The first speaker was the representative of Greece on behalf of the European Union.
The Ottawa Convention does not have a total elimination of mines, but it has not been able to reach the major use of mines and major production of mines.
At the same time, my Government has sent a clear signal that it was not intended to date, which had been nominated by a member of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (the Ministry of Foreign Affairs).
The Government of the Congo has the view that the draft model legislation on private financing infrastructure projects would be a real reality, which would enable States to coordinate their own legislation to coordinate their own legislation.
At the same meeting, including the dates and venue of the decision
Recalling also paragraph 10 of the Final Document of the Final Document of the Conference of Heads of State and Government of Non-Aligned Countries adopted by the Heads of State and Government of Non-Aligned Countries, held from 20 to 25 February 2003,
Table 11.5 (Thousands of United States dollars)
One of the priorities of Ukraine for peace and security.
We believe that, in many post-conflict situations, the problem of landmines is a prerequisite for the reconstruction and reconstruction.
In Guatemala, the Office of Internal Oversight Services established an administrative coordination unit to identify and destruction.
In addition, the representative of Israel announced that he was ready to cooperate with mines.
The progress made in the implementation of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative is extremely difficult, and there is no longer likely that the process could be achieved at the end of the process of sustainable debt.
UNFPA is expected that the implementation of all existing systems in the management system would replace Headquarters and national offices.
Training.
Annex.
Annex
The sentence of the sentence of the final sentence may be carried out by electronic monitoring.
UNEP noted that it supported the work of the Centre in crime prevention and expresses its hope that future cooperation in common interest.
In view of my responsibilities as President of the Islamic Summit, I think I have the responsibility of you to inform you that you would like to inform you that your members of the members of the members of the Security Council, to take into account our position on this issue.
If we continue to continue to work on the basis of the above-mentioned fundamental points, I am sure that we can find new global security prospects: human rights, including terrorism.
The remaining next year will be reported.
The Panel has made a number of new claims to the Palestinians in the category “C” claims and the number of groups in this year, as well as the number of groups that are submitted by Governments and international organizations.
The consideration of the important objective of the review is to provide a wide range of issues related to technical cooperation in the United Nations to assist programmes in decision-making and to assist donor countries in decision-making and to make necessary adjustments in the funding decision.
In accordance with this statement, the link between the United Nations technical cooperation providers could be useful and the overall coherence of the national programme formulation.
Also welcomes the continued dialogue between the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee and its relevant bodies in the fight against terrorism, and encourages the Security Council to continue to work with relevant human rights bodies, in particular the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in cooperation with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in cooperation with the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in accordance with the relevant human rights and protection of human rights;
The concept of a culture of peace is contained in respect of human rights, full respect for human rights, the elimination of violence, sustainable development, tolerance and tolerance, tolerance and ethnic, religious, cultural, cultural and other groups of countries and other groups, a series of values and understanding of the concept of a culture of peace, the concept of a series of values, practices and practices in all multilateral and multilateral forums.
Financing of the United Nations Development Fund
For example, in participating in international military operations, Norway is likely to use a large number of cluster munitions.
Albania, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Canada, Croatia, Croatia, Czech Republic, Cyprus, Finland, Finland, France, Germany, Germany, Germany, Hungary, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Lithuania, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Turkey, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey, the Republic of Korea, Turkey, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey, the Republic of Moldova, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Turkey, Turkey, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Turkey, Turkey, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Turkey, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Turkey, Turkey, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Turkey, Turkey, Turkey, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Turkey, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia,
Thirdly, the Committee of the Child: the Rights of the Child (CRC/C/15/Add.1, para.
In this regard, we welcome the results achieved at the United Nations Headquarters at least 6 March.
It cannot be allowed to make a long-term national report to the States that have been able to support and combat terrorism.
Also calls upon Israel, including East Jerusalem, to comply with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations, the Agency for the Protection and Protection of Refugees in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, the Agency's personnel, the Agency's protection and facilities in the maintenance of the Agency's United Nations Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations;
Control
Report of the Secretary-General on the follow-up to the draft resolution entitled “Women in the International Year of Older Persons:
Article 20 sets out the provisions of this rule on the basis of the request of the date of continuing nationality.
However, there are still some vulnerable workers, which have been forced to control the labour market, and that they have been forced by trade unions, although there are no lack of protection of the protection of trade unions, the existence of a number of tensions in good faith in the competition legislation, such as employment relations, and have led to a number of tensions in such areas such as the environment.
His delegation recognized that the minimum allowance for maternity leave would be limited to a number of parents to join the programme, in particular the gap between men and women.
In order to combat the pressure of men from men, New Zealand supports the focus on the elimination of marriage or relations.
It was considered that the interim Chemical Review Committee had sufficient and clear information that it had been sufficient to make recommendations, and to include all relevant standards in all relevant standards.
Table 3 “A” claims
(c) Financing of the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.4
Resolution
Policy questions
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
Draft resolution A/C.2/60/L.3 -- Right to self-determination -- Non-Self-Governing Territories -- Use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the right of peoples to self-determination [A C E F R S]
Future private capital flows
The first net increase is attributable to the rapid growth of the industrialized countries and Europe markets.
In the 1990s, official action had been a major international mechanism to address debt-use capacity, but many of the issues related to the application of such solutions.
International debt relief: Government of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (IMF) met with the Bretton Woods institutions and expressed the concern of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative (http://www.un.org.
(h) A common third-party insurance scheme should be used in bilateral, subregional and regional levels;
The report of the Secretary-General (A/57/88) referred to the recommendations contained in paragraph 56 of the report of the Secretary-General: improving the quality and analysis and analysis of special procedures, including the provision of clear criteria for the use of special procedures, procedures and options to support the Organization's capacity to support the Organization's ability to support the special procedures and recommendations, including additional administrative support to the Organization.
However, there is a number of women in the three of the five representatives of the National Assembly, which were also women and one of the five members of the Attorney-General.
It is now that the number of secondary schools are more than more than existing educational infrastructure.
While there are no special plans for women to promote women's participation in programmes and programmes aimed at promoting women's participation in the development of programmes and programmes in all sectors, the Government of the Royal Government has committed themselves to developing countries.
The marriage does not be less than the case of Bhutan, because of many other countries, it is not prohibited.
More than half of these instruments have been used to combat such transactions, such as they have not been able to carry out monitoring and deal with sexual exploitation and to provide advice on HIV/AIDS.
The Ministry of Education of the Ministry of Women, 2001.
There is a widespread recognition of trade liberalization that would have significant economic interests.
The first phase of the World Summit on Information on the Information Society will help to improve the use of information and communication technologies in all countries and to reduce the digital divide.
Finally, there is a need to be a broad binding instrument on the issues of ratification of the draft articles at the forty-fourth session of the Committee on the Privileges and Immunities of States and its assets, as well as the discussion of the draft articles of the Open-ended Working Group and the Ad Hoc Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, as well as the outcome of the discussions and recommendations.
Both the Iraqi forces have been a broad threat to the occupation of the Iraqi forces; the second house has been used as a centre for the detention of Kuwaiti and Kuwaiti prisoners; the third claim was withdrawn by the Iraqi forces.
In this way, such as the case of the three claims referred to in paragraphs 15 to 15 above, the Panel concluded that the nature of the nature of each case was taking into account the nature of the body established in the administration of the institution, the long term, reconstruction, reconstruction and recovery, as well as the first claim of the claimant's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
1.11 The value of commercial transactions, which is based on the cost of cash flows and reserves, is expected to be expected to be adjusted through the reorganization of the expected loss and loss.
Ibid.
Bearing in mind the serious threat to the safety, health and life of the civilian population in the field of humanitarian, peacekeeping and other unexploded ordnance,
Annex
Iraq's strong contribution to the understanding of our legal, science and arts.
It is clear that the contribution of the Iraqi people to the common value of the Iraqi people should be a response to the Iraqi people.
The total income of the per capita in the country has risen to more than half of 2000.
Information received from the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator for the occupied territories from 16 September 2003 to 2 September 2003.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Executive Board approve the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003 for the biennium 2002-2003, as proposed for the biennium 2002-2003 and, in accordance with paragraph 8 above, to approve a number of changes in the period under section 8 above.
Accordingly, it was sent to the Office of Internal Oversight Services to visit two United Nations information centres.
United Nations
Source: Department of Public Information Statistics and Research
The total mortality rate in the population, 1999 was 37.4 per cent of whom were women.
The network has been composed of professionals, and efforts to promote the special issues of health for women as a document of the preparation and investigation.
Agenda
The legal amendments to the status of the above-mentioned provisions
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003.
They have a serious impact on children.
There is no doubt that this issue is a long-term challenge for the United Nations family.
In many countries, children are the main victims of armed conflict.
The United States continues to support the minimum age of 18 to 18 years as a State party's armed conflict.
(b) Voluntary Fund for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Commends the Board's efforts to monitor the implementation of the relevant resolutions of the Council, particularly in the following areas:
* As a result of internal consultations, the present document is late.
In the context of the effectiveness of the public sector, or the “the effectiveness of public sector”, the public sector may be considered effective.
The meeting decided to be subject.
Paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
According to this view, a comprehensive approach is not possible.
See also the Protocol for the establishment of the International Food Facility, in 2003 to complement the Fund's Fund.
On 21 June 2003, my Special Representative sent a letter to the Secretary-General on the application of the provisions of Security Council resolution 1521 (2003) concerning the deployment of the United Nations in the oil-for-food programme pursuant to resolution 1737 (2006) and the understanding of our common responsibility.
http://www.g.g.org.
Promotion of the right of everyone to cultural rights and respect for different cultures
Such lessons can be obtained from external evaluation, project monitoring and (or) in the implementation of the project.
While awareness and understanding of the awareness-raising and awareness-raising can be achieved, they can be useful and useful information on other types of interventions.
Recalling the International Convention on the Use of Conventional Arms,
In addition, in addition to the new military liaison officer, the new military liaison officer has not been able to permit the military liaison officer; they have control and access to military liaison officers.
Financial aspects
The secretariat of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, in collaboration with other relevant international and regional organizations, will help States to develop legislation and regulations on the implementation and ratification of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its Protocols to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, supplementing the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and encourages other expertise or technical assistance to continue to support the Centre in this regard.
The Security Council is meeting in its prior consultations.
Let us strengthen the fight against terrorism.
In the efforts of the Security Council to find a peaceful settlement of Iraq's crisis in Iraq, Angola has always recognized the use of force and reaffirmed that the use of force should never be concluded.
I would also like to thank Mr. H.E and Mr. M. B.
At the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken on the fourth preambular paragraph (a) and article 35 (a) of the sixth preambular paragraph (a) of the preambular paragraph and paragraph (a) of the previous preambular paragraph (a) of the voting.
The text of the resolution was adopted without a vote.
While the Committee wishes to do so to increase its capacity to comply with the Protocol, the Committee is also aware that the adjustment data is a serious matter of urgency, only the Committee's final change of the Board's failure to make it possible to make it possible for future applications.
He concluded that there is a more reason that the impact of the ozone-depleting substances in two times, the impact of the illicit ozone-depleting substances must be more important, and the efforts of our efforts to protect the ozone-depleting substances, which will be achieved.
(ii) In addition to the need for the Parties to approve the requirements of the reduction plan in the period 1 January 2007.
The Netherlands has signed a letter to enhance cooperation with Colombia, including the private sector and the private sector, with cooperation between the police and port companies.
(ii) The interim measure has not received appropriate notification by the parties to the arbitral tribunal or the case of arbitration proceedings [the court may, in this case, the court may hear or hear before the proceedings before the arbitral tribunal;
It was further explained that the draft amendment was intended to seek the right to freedom and the application of an interim measure, but that the Court should not only be convinced that the question of the question should not only be subject to the implementation and recognition of the right to freedom.
It was widely agreed that this article should avoid the text of article 35 and 36 of the text.
In that connection, the Working Group believes that it should also be able to perform its procedures.
If a State is not able to accept the fact that it is not contrary to the scope of these provisions.
C. Decides
Vienna
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce and the Model Law on Electronic Commerce is also the lack of specific rules.
The Court agreed that the Internet has only been invited to take place on the Internet (p.g. a contract, and that a binding contract would be established only by the buyer.
In the financial sector, the financial police officers are mainly under the authority of the Financial Police Unit, and in accordance with the mandate of the Financial Police Unit, and in accordance with the provisions of Decree No. 153 of 8 May 1997 (a) of 24 May 1991 of 5 May 1991 as a monitoring body:
It is clear that this crime must be committed under the jurisdiction of Italy in the territory of Italy, or in any event, in any case of the criminal jurisdiction of Italy.
A crime
(Signed) B. B. B. B.
At the same time, the Special Court is the fundamental nature of the national courts.
The accused of the accused, H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. M. B.
It reiterated that, as appropriate, the secretariat of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, should be invited to participate in the joint liaison group, as appropriate, to invite the secretariat to participate in the implementation of the Basel Convention on Climate Change; the SBSTA reiterated its valuable contribution to the work of the Convention on Biological Diversity, in the areas of cooperation and activities;
H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. Education, analysis of the functions and conduct of the legal and international law at the national and international levels, and to review the prosecution of crimes committed by officials in developing countries, the International Law on Human Rights, the International Law of Corruption and the International Law of Action.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Requests the secretariat of the Global Environment Facility, in consultation with the secretariat of the Convention, to launch a dialogue with a view to enhancing the guidance provided by the Parties to the GEF and programmes to the Conference of the Parties to the Global Environment Facility to the Global Environment Facility to the Conference of the Parties to the COP at its eighth session, to identify these guidance and to the outcome of the session of the Conference of the Parties to the Conference;
It should be flexible as a framework for action to address the specific requirements and circumstances of the Parties and reflect their national priorities and initiatives.
In addition, in mind the destruction of conflict, the Committee considers that the amount of assessments for the year 2003 would be more likely to be applied to the United Nations operational rate of exchange rates, rather than price adjustment rates.
The European Union believes that, in accordance with rule 16 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, some assessments should not lead to the increase in other Member States under the scale of assessments under the General Assembly.
The United States Virgin Islands is a member of the United States of America.
In particular, the right to protection, freedom of expression and freedom of expression, freedom of expression and freedom of religion.
One of the recent years is the fact that the situation in the Territory is high.
He regrets the fact that the parties to the conflict in Burundi had violated the interests of civilians and calls upon the parties to seek lasting peace.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the United States of America and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has made a senior diplomatic presence in the United Nations Secretariat in UNESCO as a year of one year.
(c) International financial institutions and development;
The legislation of the Taliban and the Taliban have already been updated in order to enable them to make it possible with respect to the decisions of the Security Council and to the decisions of the Security Council, as well as to the subsequent exceptions to the Security Council.
(c) The Ministry of Education
The result of the review, OIOS concluded 9 recommendations in the initial audit recommendations, and reiterates its acceptance of four recommendations, which had been accepted by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
United Nations Office on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/C.5/575)
In accordance with the provisions of this article, the State party shall continue to accelerate extradition procedures and streamline evidence requirements.
Unless in accordance with this article, paragraph 10 and 11 of the State party, the State party agreed that the nationality of the person shall not be transferred to the State of the State, if he or her nationality, shall be transferred to the State in the territory of the State or in the territory of the State to the exercise of their freedom, detention, detention or any other restrictions.
(d) Evaluation and strengthening of institutional, public administration management, including public procurement, and the private sector;
Each State Party shall request, in accordance with the request of the State party, to provide information on the programmes, plans and practices undertaken by the Conference of the States Parties to the implementation of this Convention, as well as information on legislative and administrative measures.
Israel and Palestine must live in peace and security.
The position of the North-East Asia and the international non-proliferation and the international non-proliferation is not allowed to be allowed to develop and nuclear weapons.
Annex
What is also the benefits of domestic capacities?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS had revised the Guidelines (http://www.un.un.org/ga/h/h) (http://www.un.un.org/index/index.htm).
b The former German Democratic Republic had acceded to the Convention on 20 February 1992.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided that the members of the members shall be elected on 21 April.
The revised appeal was still available to only 7 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure the realization of equality between men and women under article 2, paragraph 2, of the Convention.
The Committee recommends that the State party develop special legislation on trafficking and ensure their effective implementation.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing policy and its federal housing programmes and to take measures to ensure that the family is adequate housing facilities and equipment in the country.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the rights of land and to ensure that any expulsion is consistent with the guidelines contained in the general comment No.
Non-governmental organizations should be encouraged.
They also contain a very useful definition — such as the “the term” or “in the location of the environment and electronic environment”.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress and challenges adopted by the United Nations in the past decade
Activities:
To identify the conditions for the industrial research and technology development and to provide the necessary support for reconstruction.
The Syrian Arab Republic believes that it is necessary to provide assistance to the following forms:
- It will provide assistance to the relevant norms of radio and television production.
In addition, encouraging high income and low-income countries in their capacity as well as their capacity to avoid a limited number of donor countries.
Many of them reflected the contribution of UNICEF to the Millennium Development Goals.
The draft decision was adopted.
Accordingly, the Financial Intelligence Group has promoted training programmes related to the financing of capital and the financing of terrorism.
As for illegal drugs, particularly the illicit manufacture and production, we have been very low, and the illegal production of the traditional centres in North America, Europe and East Asia.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The Secretariat informed the Committee that the organization and substantive preparations were scheduled; most of the pre-trial documents were distributed to all members of the Committee and had been distributed to all members of the Committee, as soon as possible, the final version of the final version of the United Nations web site as soon as possible.
Paragraph 1
In January 2003, the official export rate was reported in June 2003.
No.
Emphasizes that the primary objective of the use of new technologies should be to enhance the quality and quality of conference services and to ensure the highest cost-effective delivery of conference services, and requests the Secretary-General to report on the use of new technologies;
In order to achieve this goal, such as the African Forum on Africa's Development, the Forum is aimed at consensus on the important aspects of Africa's development and on the approach of cooperation between Africa and its bilateral and multilateral partners.
Ms. Girz said that poverty had directly affected girls' education, which had a direct decline in girls and had also affected the employment of women.
UNICEF has specific support for national programmes.
The examples of what are available, cannot be done.
The Council reiterates its intention to continue to review the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina, and welcomes the deployment of the EU police mission since 1 January 2003.
There is no long-term, the United States leadership of the United States of America, which is “United Nations Military Force”, and that it is still ill-treatment and that it is still abuse by a member of the United Nations.
I should be grateful if you would arrange to be circulated as a document of the General Assembly.
Commission on Human Rights
These consultations include the President's participation in a general debate on the draft decision by the Ministry of Equal Rights, Women's Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the International Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, held in Canada from 19 to 20 July 2003.
Figure 2 provides data on export income.
The obligation of the person to investigate and punish the human cloning of human beings is under this article.
The Joint Panel has continued to investigate violence in all parties.
Human rights officers continue to provide advisory services to local people.
Geneva
Staff
Table 1 The gender distribution in the field and the level of offices.
The United Nations Development Group reported to the High-level Committee on Management at the session of the Commission on Sustainable Development at its current session, and has also submitted a view to facilitating policy principles, objectives and objectives.
In April 2000, the international family-care organization entitled “Days for the lives of women: the life of the life of the population: the introduction of a computer-care initiative” and a total of US$ 100 million for the International Family Organization.
On 19 April 2000, the President of the Organization of the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General of the United Nations, transmitting the annual session of the International Court of Justice, adopted at the annual session of the International Court of Justice, held in Washington, in November 1999.
The definition was the definition of: individual, family, families and communities in the absence of long-term or temporary expulsion or land, and does not have any appropriate legal or other forms of protection.
However, the recent conclusions made by the United Nations and other parts of the context of the analysis of sanctions, which did not have the effect of such immunity.
In order to effectively exercise this function, it is important to play an important role in the implementation of the Convention and the judicial remedy in the implementation of the Convention.
Article 13 (b)
However, self-government must be linked to the public responsibility system, and the activities of the State.
The Committee considered the fundamental principles contained in the preamble to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and two international human rights law contained in the preamble to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and two conventions:
Specific legal obligations
In particular, the international financial institutions, particularly the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, should give greater attention to the protection of the right to health.
The rights of indigenous peoples are available to them in the design, supply and management of water resources; they have sufficient water to obtain adequate water; asylum-seekers, asylum-seekers, internally displaced persons, internally displaced persons and refugees in the camps and in rural areas.
The State party's intervention to water may constitute a violation of its obligations.
The State Ombudsman, the Commission on Human Rights and similar bodies should be allowed to address the case of water.
“The Committee wishes to reiterate its willingness to assist States parties to fulfil their obligations.
Each State Party has also pointed out that its legal system was established and applicable law.
Article 19
In order to comply with the specific provisions of paragraph 3 (a) of the specific provisions, it is necessary to provide an oral or written manner, but it is necessary to indicate the facts of the law and facts.
At the same time, the State party should focus on the protection of the rights of the Convention, including article 26 and 26 of the Convention, as contained in article 26 of the Convention, including the rights and rights of all reasons.
In many cases of political and civil society instruments, many of the provisions of the Convention can ensure that the objectives of the Convention can be achieved.
A vote must be implemented in the framework of each country's electoral system, which shall be equal.
The State party must provide information on the Committee's potential to assess the impact of any laws and practices on the enjoyment of the rights of women in men and with disabilities.
In addition to the provisions of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, in addition to the right to self-determination, religious or linguistic minorities, as well as the right to self-determination of peoples to self-determination.
In order to ensure the independence and effectiveness of the independent national human rights bodies, the funds, funds and funds are necessary to provide adequate infrastructure, including in a broad-based basis, staff, premises, premises, premises and no financial control.
The Government can only participate in the advisory capacity.
It is clear that, in any future agenda of the decolonization programme, it is necessary to take into account the views of the Non-Self-Governing Territories.
Therefore, we are not a formal draft resolution, but rather hope that delegations would have the opportunity to take into account and decide on how to do so.
The Committee may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of work.
Statement by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on behalf of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session, in consultation with Member States, the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, the private sector and the private sector to prepare a report on the implementation of the item entitled “Financing of the United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)”.
Bermuda's three-year court, the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeal.
The Act was sent to the Territory of the Overseas Territories, including the British citizenship.
At the same time, the total cost of Bermuda is high, and the highest level of power.
The average income of the age of 11 is USD 112,21.
Bermuda believes that the high level of education is a major aspect of the population of Bermuda.
These activities include: Government officials; criminal law and criminal justice experts; members of the Criminal Code; the public administration; the National Public Administration; members of the Parliament; the field of crime prevention and criminal justice; criminal law enforcement officials and other publications, judges, judges, judges and other relevant bodies.
This list should be included in accordance with the provisions of the 1267 (1999) and resolution 1373 (2001) concerning assets.
Calls upon all donors and countries to have a significant increase in the core of the United Nations development system, in particular the funds and programmes of the United Nations development system, in particular the funds and programmes, as possible, to make contributions on a multi-year basis, and stressed the need for further explore other sources of financing for the traditional sources of sources;
Takes note of the cooperation between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions and the Bretton Woods institutions and the Bretton Woods institutions, and invites the United Nations system to explore how further enhance cooperation, cooperation and coordination and coordination, including through the appropriate strategic framework, approaches and partners, in this regard, stresses the importance of ensuring that the United Nations system's strategic framework for poverty reduction strategies, including the Bretton Woods institutions, the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions;
Emphasizes that the need to help developing countries in conflict, natural disasters and other humanitarian situations, to increase their institutional capacities in the least developed countries, to increase their capacity in recovery, reconstruction, long-term sustainable development, poverty reduction and peacebuilding;
Recalling also its agreed conclusions on gender mainstreaming in the United Nations system and programmes, as well as the subsequent decision of the Conference of the United Nations system,
Also decides to take into account the programme of work set out in the Madrid Declaration and Declaration on the Mediterranean region, held in Spain in November 1995, in the context of the adoption of the Madrid Declaration and the Declaration of the Declaration and the Declaration on the Conservation of Transport of Transport, which is intended to ensure consistency in the European transport network,
(d) Only through foreign direct investment and other channels, the use and introduction of new technologies cannot be ensured.
On 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, in its 42nd plenary meeting, confirmed that the members of the United Nations Institute for Social Development in the United Nations Institute for Social Development, a four-year term of four years: the date of 2007 for the period from 30 June 2007 to 30 June 2007 (Islamic Republic of), the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (Argentina) and the Russian Federation (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland).
On 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with Economic and Social Council resolution 2003/2 of 22 April 2003, decided to extend the mandate of the Committee to the Special Rapporteur on the right to adequate housing and non-discrimination in this regard and to the mandate of the Special Rapporteur to the Commission at its sixtieth session.
Haiti
(d) Taking note of the Committee's concluding observations on the status of States:
Commission on Sustainable Development
Invites Parties to provide information on the activities of the Secretariat to the Convention on the Use, Production, Production and Control of DDT before the meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Chemicals;
The resources of the Conference of the Parties shall constitute:
The drafting of the decision-making process has not been taken into account.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister
• Chile
Reaffirms the request of the Secretary-General to cooperate with the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme, in cooperation with the United Nations Institute for Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice;
At the same time, a statement was made on the trend of trafficking in persons, particularly on data collection, research on global trends, combating trafficking and trafficking in Africa, South Africa.
With regard to the trafficking of children in West Africa, the traditional form of rural children was reported that they are in urban areas, as a result of trafficking.
UNITAR meeting
There are no evidence that any new nuclear facilities or direct support for any nuclear activities.
Tokelau
States should not be subjected to the phenomenon of the rule of law.
At the first regular session of the Executive Board in January 2003, the Executive Director introduced the report of the Executive Board on the implementation of UNOPS's budget for the biennium 2002 (DP/2007/CRP.1) to the Executive Board in fact that UNOPS had already achieved a better results.
IAEA team
The first team: The Panel has returned to the site at 8 p.m. to the site of Al-Qaida.
Article 19 of the Protocol and the Protocol.
Signature: Ghana*
Draft resolution II entitled “Financing of the strategic deployment stocks”.
The draft resolution was adopted by 13 abstentions (resolution 57/17).
The Special Rapporteur's political discussion is very important, and the First Committee remains an important forum for delegations.
We hope that the General Assembly will provide support to the draft resolution without a vote.
It is equally clear that we support our regional compliance with the Treaty.
We also believe that the establishment of the Panel of Experts should be considered as it, and that the United Nations could convene the Panel of Experts on the implementation of specific verification tasks.
In this connection, it should be noted that the Global Programme of Action for internally displaced persons would increase the application of the Guiding Principles.
Although companies are the main legal persons in the field of diplomatic protection, it is not necessary to take such protection.
In accordance with paragraph 1 of this article, paragraph 2, paragraph 2, of the present article, article 2, paragraph 2 or 3 of the procedure of arbitration, it is applicable.
I would like to thank them for all of our side and for all the peace crisis.
However, in order to enable the Unit to make the greatest impact of the activities of the United Nations system, only to improve the quality of the work programme and recommendations.
The team has been able to fulfil its mandate and then returned.
In accordance with the provisions of the Convention, the Meeting of States Parties to the United Nations Conference on the Activities of the United Nations Conference on the Activities of the Sea (UN-Habitat) in 2005 to assist in the implementation of the Nairobi Ministerial Meeting of the States Parties in the North and Central African States Parties in the North-East Asia and to assist in the implementation of the United States Parties in the North-East Asia and the Pacific, in accordance with the United Nations Conference of the Montreal Protocol to assist in order to assist in the Caribbean States Parties to assist in facilitating the Nairobi regional meetings, in assisting in facilitating the Nairobi regional meetings of the United States Parties, in assisting in assisting in assisting in the United States Parties to assist in the Caribbean States Parties to assist in the Caribbean States Parties to assist in the Caribbean States Parties in the Nairobi regional meetings in the Caribbean States Parties in the Caribbean States Parties in the Caribbean States Parties in the Pacific, in the Pacific, in the Pacific, in the Nairobi regional meetings of the Caribbean States Parties in the Nairobi regional meetings in the Nairobi regional meetings in the Nairobi regional meetings of the Caribbean States Parties to assist in the Montreal Protocol to assist in the Nairobi regional meetings of the Caribbean States Parties to assist in
At the end of the dialogue on the island's island, the St. Helena Act was published in the end of 2002 to allow the Government to reach its new aid agreement between the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom in the negotiations with the United Kingdom to negotiate its new aid agreements.
(f) A full range of activities referred to in subparagraph (a) to (e) and (e) to maintain a fixed-term activity, which is the overall activity of the location of the location of the location of the location of the operation.
The Government of Hungary believes that the present report and its previous reports will help the Committee to assess the actions taken by Member States and to provide recommendations on existing measures for the Security Council.
(a) In the context of the provisions of subparagraph (a) of the latest assets and property or property, as well as the return of the assets or property or property of the assets of the assets or property of the assets or property, and requests to Governments, in accordance with paragraph (1) of the requirements of the Government or international organizations.
The Republic of Korea of the Republic of Korea has launched a “E-based training group on gender-based sexual harassment and gender discrimination in the Internet.
The amount of income was paid by the Ministry of Labour.
The proportion of women's population in agriculture remains higher than 50 per cent in 1998 and 2000 in 1999 and 2000 were the main source of the labour force in the agricultural sector.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Agriculture (B)
All acts have led to the status of status, including the birth, marriage, marriage, marriage, marriage, birth, sale, sale, transfer of power, etc.
In 2002, it adopted a law on organized crime.
Expresses its support and support for the fight against racism and peoples
The discussion of this record was beginning from 2 p.m.
In the case of the latter, it will be submitted to the Committee?
Ms. B. B. B. D. International Monetary Fund (IMF) said that the intention of the IMF was not to develop standards, but rather recognized by the international community.
We reaffirm the fact that international law is the foundation for relations between States; mutual respect and unity; and the continent is a small and small countries.
Corruption is a major factor in the economy and is a major obstacle to poverty reduction and development.
The Secretary of the Committee orally corrected A/C.5/58/L.54/Rev.1 contained a revised draft programme of work for 2004 in 2004.
Agenda
The draft resolution notes with satisfaction the growing collaboration between the United Nations system and the United Nations system and encourages them to continue to support the implementation of NEPAD.
At the special session of the Security Council of the Security Council, held in March this year, Georgia, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine, Moldova, Moldova, Moldova, Moldova, Moldova, Moldova, Moldova, Moldova.
It is that this information led to a number of summits in the Millennium Declaration and subsequent Summit, including the Monterrey, Doha and the Johannesburg Summit.
On behalf of the representatives of Belize, Mr. M. M. M. I.
The representative of the Department of Public Information said that there had been no change between the United Nations radio units.
It was pointed out that the item on the least developed countries had established effective and sustainable capacity to establish a long-term solution to the least developed countries.
These objectives are consistent with the international development goals on governance and the development of economic development, and the development of the United Nations development indicators for poverty reduction, at least 7 per cent of the gross domestic product and the average of 25 per cent of GDP.
With regard to the negotiation, she was concerned that many of the important public services.
With regard to technical cooperation, the secretariat should increase the effectiveness of activities and highlight the importance of the evaluation and implementation of such work.
In addition, these steps are not accepted.
member of the Latin American and Caribbean States;
The four members of the United Nations and other States.
Stresses that South-South cooperation is an important element of international cooperation for development and is the opportunity to seek effective economic growth and sustainable development in developing countries and countries with economies in transition,
Introduction
The Committee will also begin its general debate on Monday, 6 October 2003 and 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The current question and related actions referred to in the present agenda item are below.
Recalling the Council's decision to consider the establishment of an ad hoc expert group on the establishment of a Ad Hoc Advisory Group of African States in post-conflict African countries, as well as the decision on the establishment of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group on Guinea-Bissau,
In order to combat trafficking in persons and prostitution, the Government has adopted a series of measures to combat trafficking in women, and the Ministry of Labour and Social Affairs, the Ministry of Gender Equality and Gender Equality, and the Ministry of Women's Ministry of Foreign Affairs, which was published in November 2001.
Unless urgent steps are taken to resolve the impasse, the situation of the country may be further further further.
As indicated in annex III and annex III, the Fund's estimates for the biennium 2004-2005 for the biennium 2004-2005 amounted to $3.4 million for the programme budget for the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and $2.2 million for programme support and administration.
The United Nations Foundation has provided special developments in the field of activities in the Federal Republic of Spanish for the period from 1 January to one year (i.e. 1 to 1 January).
At the tenth session of the Tribunal, the Committee on Budget and Finance has made a preliminary consideration.
Introduction
Other matters
Rapporteur: Mr. Alfonso Martínez ( Ireland)
Takes note of the work of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space at its forty-second session;
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session on its report on the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III;
1 December 2003
(d) The request for the restoration of the right to vote in accordance with article 5.2 of the IAEA Statute;
Noting with satisfaction that UNIDO's support to the implementation of the integrated programme aimed at improving development and improving the Palestinian economy, and in particular, in the context of the results achieved in the pilot phase of this project,
The UNCTAD secretariat's analysis showed that Africa was a long-term issue.
Even if the most recent growth in the world economy is estimated, it is very difficult to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
The trade negotiations were another concern.
The same name has been fully aware of the fact that the same name is very widely known.
We would like to recommend to the future further regular and other regional issues.
The results of these discussions should be a reference to the Council.
(d) To further recognize the important role of the victims of trafficking in criminal justice officials and other relevant personnel to further recognize the needs of victims of trafficking in persons and victims of such crimes:
Ms. E. E.E. The difficulties in the use of the term “ indigenous peoples”.
World Intellectual Property Organization's work and the plan will be summarized in a later meeting.
He once again met with the senior ministers of the Government, including the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Ministry of Agriculture, the Ministry of Agriculture and the Ministry of Defence.
The programme proposed to further develop a wide range of consultations, but also in the future, open debate and should be active in the good political will to overcome the digital divide between the judges and judges and judges, and must be able to overcome the gap between “the legitimate region”.
As a result of armed conflict, a large number of land has been a very valuable asset, the military claimed that the former military and the control of remote areas had been in place.
The analysis of the guidelines for the preparation of the Standard Rules is the product of many international organizations and individual experts, including persons with disabilities and the Standard Rules.
In Australia, several entities have been supported by Australia, the various relevant authorities are being investigated.
He was aware of the differences in national legal systems, cultural diversity and different development phases and should be taken into account in the drafting mechanism, but he noted that these differences should be achieved in the context of achieving the goals of the future.
Some of the medium-term campaigns have been identified, and therefore recommended that UNFPA maintain appropriate focus on research activities at the national level, with a view to identifying specific regions.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has carefully reviewed the report and will be informed by the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic.
Annex
Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation — the Russian Federation, the United States of America and the United States of America
The three deaths were killed and more injured.
We also support the establishment of the United Nations Observer Mission to help complete the transition process and follow-up to the mandate of the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
In this regard, the Secretary-General of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina made particular attention to the United Nations and its contribution to the issue of women and their rights and the needs of the United Nations, in this regard, a number of important documents mentioned in the United Nations publication.
In accordance with its statute, the main objective of the Foundation is to implement social concerns, such as the promotion of learning, research, culture and assistance activities, to promote cultural and assistance activities in order to promote cultural development in society, particularly among young people, and to promote the participation of the judiciary and judicial institutions in the fight against organized crime.
Section 4
We note that the continued work of the integrated programme and the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, and we hope that these efforts will reduce the cost of trade in developing countries, and strengthen national ownership.
We are convinced that the Organization will benefit from a coherent approach to promoting the effectiveness of institutions, best use of resources, the best use of resources, the elimination of duplication, coordination and coordination and evaluation of oversight.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) The military activity of the United Nations Operation in Honduras, from 21 to 28 July 2003 to 28 July 2003.
E. Justice
The review of the proposed programme budget was expressed.
The expected accomplishments (a) insert the words “in accordance with the mandate”.
The Committee considers that the return of the United Nations staff to the United Nations staff in the future has been reached, the International Civil Service Commission must be reviewed.
The Committee notes that the objective of the Chief Executives Board for Coordination is to ensure that the United Nations system is to ensure that the policy guidance and mandate of Member States and the mandate of the United Nations system would be more coherent, more coherent, coordinated and coordinated by the Board of Trustees of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination and Programme of Action for the Implementation of the outcomes of the United Nations, regional and regional levels.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 (see para.
In this regard, the Committee stressed the need for CEB to review inter-agency issues related to NEPAD.
In the context of the draft instrument on the basis of the draft instrument
For example, it is necessary to take fully into account the problems of tourism.
The experts responsible for the establishment of a network of networks were important and the General Assembly should take into account.
New York
Their increase in the number of cases of salaries and age, as well as the increased increase in the average of 6 per cent.
(c) The loss of property
The Claimant also stated that the transfer agreed upon by the Prosecutor on 6 August 1990.
According to the report of the Panel of Commissioners concerning the loss of an individual claims; E/CN.4/2006 report on the review of the oil sector;
Decision on the payment of the second instalment category (S/AC.26/Dec.29 (2007)
UNIDO's United Nations Development Programme (FAO) has established a high-level programme on insurance and export credit, which will be implemented in September 2003.
(a) In Latin America and Uruguay, new activities were started.
In Ethiopia, a number of hazardous wastes have been carried out in several African countries (room technology).
Invites the Working Group to continue to seek the views and comments of all parties, including Member States;
At the 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of Australia introduced a draft resolution entitled “The elimination of international terrorism” (A/C.5/586) and orally revised the date of adoption, in paragraph 16 of the present session, the Ad Hoc Committee was added to the dates of the session of the Ad Hoc Committee, from 28 to 2 July 2004.
Welcomes the consideration of the work of the Working Group of the General Assembly at its seventh session, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 60/251 of 17 December 1996 and in accordance with General Assembly resolution 60/251 of 17 December 1996 and in accordance with General Assembly resolution 60/251 of 17 December 1996,
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• A large number of countries that have been affected by small arms and light weapons, and they need to provide assistance in the implementation of legislation not only in the preparation of legislation.
(m) The import of their local authorities must be made available to their local authorities and to the export of the import of the export of goods;
(f) Developing countries can enhance cooperation with the exchange of information on weapons, which should take measures to ensure the legitimacy of the shipment;
At the national level, the Division will provide a comprehensive solution to the financial and/or the International Monetary Fund in the financial and/or the Central Bank of the Central Bank and the Central Bank, which will provide training and assistance to effectively implement this system.
1 General Service (Other languages)
2 P-4, 2 P-4, 2 P-3,
• Cooperation with the Appeals Section and the Legal Counsel
The objective of this subprogramme is to be to monitor and conduct proceedings, as shown below:
• A large number of participation and compensation required by the Section of the Section, in the proceedings, does not result in the absence of prejudice or difficulties in the proceedings.
• General temporary assistance (Other level)
Accordingly, in the first half of 2004, the Secretariat could be used to maximize its capacity.
Participation
The Committee requests the Government of Luxembourg to provide more information on the status of women in the context of the study on the status of women and the health of the child, which is currently being conducted in order to provide gender-based discrimination in areas of age and post-natal care.
The interpretation of the right to good faith in this article is not possible.
The present Convention does not exclude any criminal jurisdiction in accordance with its domestic law.
The State Party may request the Secretariat to provide information on the status and progress made in implementing this request.
If the State party has not yet done so, they may wish to consider such agreements or arrangements based on the basis of such agreements, the State party may wish to consider mutual law enforcement cooperation in the present Convention.
Stresses the importance of the Convention and its implementation to strengthen international peace and security, and stresses that, if the Convention has access to comprehensive, universal and effective implementation of the Convention, the best interests of all humankind, will further contribute to achieving this goal;
substantive session
Also requests the Secretary-General to cooperate with the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter and the United Nations, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter and provisions of the Charter and the United Nations, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter and the United Nations, to prevent discrimination from nationality, ethnic, ethnic and linguistic discrimination in the United Nations;
“2. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to take all necessary measures to establish the University of Jerusalem, in accordance with the provisions of the resolution, in accordance with the provisions of the resolution;
Strengthening the capacity of public administration
Even in developing countries, Burkina Faso is also a great poverty reduction in the annex below.
What is the individuals listed in your name or transit?
Another speaker said that there was a time for greater efforts to promote the United Nations work.
Regulation No. 4
Financial incentives are: grants, credit and credit insurance; financial incentives to pay; financial incentives for tax-free, sale, capital, capital, sale, capital, sale and exports; other incentives, such as infrastructure and public services.
In particular, there should be good practices in the implementation of the strategic development programme, in particular, in the light of the following good practices:
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions introduced the same recommendation (A/58/589/Add.5, para.
The scope of this activity is very broad.
The concept of gender mainstreaming in the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 is the adoption of the conclusions of the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly agreed conclusions and recommendations of the Economic and Social Council, which was adopted by the General Assembly in the light of all the bodies of the General Assembly, including the adoption of the programme and budget for the medium-term plan and programme budget.
We cannot forget the facts.
Israel does not cease the destruction of property, confiscation of land, confiscation of thousands of Palestinian youth, the construction of road, the construction of the road, the construction of the Israeli settlements services for the Israeli settlements and the use of all other measures to enter into East Jerusalem.
Expressing its concern about the lack of assistance and protection of civilians under the Charter of the United Nations, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations, in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations,
Emphasizing that the results-based management is a request for full implementation of the Tribunal's work, and that the Tribunal's work is expected to be achieved in appropriate consideration.
(k) Participation in the activities of the United Nations system: the President of the General Assembly in the United Nations system;
Other cases covered by the 7 accused; the case of S.S. S.S. S.S. v. K. K. K.K, two accused of the case of the case in the case of K. K.K.
Following the request of the Tribunal for 9 July 2001, the Security Council adopted resolution 1430 (2002) of which ratified 18 ad litem judges.
With regard to other laws, the Special Rapporteur also pointed out that the United States citizens of the United States citizens had been arrested and sentenced to three years of arrest and sentenced to imprisonment and sentenced to three years; Australia's citizens of the National Security Council in the case of the death of the former nationals of the former Government of China; and in the case of the case of the former Government of China.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to remind the United States authorities to draw attention to the responsibilities of Islam and the Arab phenomenon.
The Special Rapporteur stressed the serious nature of these allegations, noting that this was not the first letter on such events, and he regretted that the Government had not been able to respond to its communications.
The concept of education is an important element of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
This year, we have the honour to achieve the greatest aspirations of the European Union.
We are aware that the United Nations must become a global counter-terrorism base.
I am sure that there is a need for a serious analysis and careful review of the United Nations instrument.
It was established by the authorities, as it is in the case.
These indicators are encouraged by the Ministry of Health or other institutions to monitor national goals and plans to improve reproductive health and child health.
Following the adoption of the resolution, the representative of the United States of America made a statement (see A/C.3/60/SR.40).
These tragic reasons have made every effort to ensure that Iraq's democratic culture and to ensure that the responsibilities of the human rights of human rights in Iraq is a serious, systematic, systematic and systematic human rights violations.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.3/60/L.5 and A/C.3/60/L.5
The final guidelines for the period from 2004 will be used for mine-action projects (para.
The full text of the draft resolution on agenda item 7 is contained in this letter dated 7 July 2001 (COP).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should request the Committee of Experts to discuss the relationship between space assets and the United Nations treaties on outer space assets in the United Nations in outer space, in order to avoid this issue.
The participation of Governments and private creditors in the Group of Eight has developed a series of model provisions.
The Rapporteur should review whether the information contained in the information contained in the information contained in the report.
The Panel will continue its consideration of this mandate through the London Group.
In this regard, the project established by the United Nations television capacity has been established.
Introduction
With regard to technical assistance and advisory services, these activities are aimed at establishing capacity in the areas of trade, investment and services, trade, trade and external debt.
The President noted that, in consultation with the Council, the Council authorized him to speak on behalf of the Council and read out the text of the statement (see S/PRST/2003/17; will be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 July 2003, 1 July 2003.
Notes
Following the letter dated 27 November, the Secretary-General made a letter dated 27 November that the Government of Israel had before it a letter dated 27 November, which was still awaiting the investigation of the situation of the Palestinian people in the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
The general recommendation of the Convention relating to interim measures (CEDAW/C/L.1).
To be held on Monday, 14 October 2003, at 10 p.m.
The alternative will have a serious impact on this process.
The web site was completed in early 2003.
(c) Annex
The mandate of the Security Council in Liberia must include a strong mandate for the protection of civilians and the protection of human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Despite the more urgent issue of poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, Uganda agreed with France and Germany, that there was no effect on the issue of human cloning.
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1992 to promote economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
There are a large number of institutions that provide financial assistance, advisory opinion or services.
“The measures aimed at identifying new, innovative sources of financing, including the private sector, to support the implementation of UNISPACE III”.
By 31 December 2002, only one of the P-5 post is responsible for the health insurance plan to monitor the work of the P-5 new posts in 2003.
In this amount, 1 January 2001 is a reserve for the period to be used to limit the payment of payments to implementing partners.
The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments: (a) adequate extrabudgetary resources to assess the implementation of the Habitat Agenda at the national level; (b) Member States wish to support the implementation of the Habitat Agenda at the national and local levels; (c) to support the technical advisory services provided by Member States at the national and local levels to support the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and Programme of Action.
Administrative services
Some delegations announced that they had recently taken action to ratify legislation to establish or reform procedures for refugee status, and other delegations had taken steps to promote the responsibility of UNHCR to determine the status of refugee status.
Following the Algiers Conference, the African Union Commission had access to an optional protocol as a high priority.
Report of the Caribbean Community
The States of the Commonwealth of Independent States have been facing large-scale international terrorism and extremist attacks, which believes that this scourge can not be protected from a concerted effort to combat the protection of the “the State”.
The Philippines has adopted international accounting standards.
3 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round table 5
48th plenary meeting the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development
Additional amendments to article 9: 30 October 2003
There is no criminal responsibility for the age of 9 and the age of 9.
In accordance with the Penal Code, the person who are involved in the sale, sale and other types of illegal transactions, shall be respected.
Introduction
Resources and systems have not been more than the time-bound.
Strongly condemns the increasing involvement of humanitarian personnel in humanitarian operations, including the killing of rape, rape and sexual violence, intimidation, kidnapping, armed robbery, abduction, abduction, abduction, abuse, harassment, harassment and illegal arrest and detention, as well as their property;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.4 (see para.
Goods
The Treaty considered that the Treaty was established to establish a strict or objective system to deal with extreme risk.
However, in this case, the injured party is a whole.
There must be a choice between the law of the State.
The Court's approach to the damage caused by environmental damage.
The claimant of the Republic of India is not unable to obtain a voluntary liability.
(i) Act No. 351 of 5 April 2003 on financial and other related financial transactions (e.g. bank, bank, credit, credit companies, loans, credit companies, credit companies, credit and real estate companies):
United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (United Nations Crime Prevention and Crime) is responsible for the following programme of work.
In the absence of resources, other operational activities will be carried out, such as criminal justice reform in the field of juvenile justice and prisons.
The situation in the Middle East
As the Chairman of the Public Information Commission, I would like to assure you that I will fully cooperate fully with all efforts to improve the work of the General Assembly.
Peace
Philippines
Noting also that crime prevention strategies and action should be based on a broad range of knowledge, gender awareness and multi-ethnic understanding,
The General Assembly, in its resolution 56/126, annex II.
Claimant
They also called upon measures to ensure that armed forces and civilians have been registered and improve the registration of refugees.
In addition, the Russian Federation agreed with the Secretary-General's comments that it would be best to discuss specific aspects of globalization.
International Council
Provisional agenda and documentation
The illicit transfer of arms is a key role in facilitating the transfer of weapons to those who do not have a legitimate means; they have been affected by the embargo; they are affected by the embargo, organized crime and terrorists.
My delegation would therefore like to commend you for your predecessor, Mr. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. M. L.
• Cooperation
• International Law Institute — Africa
The World Bank's experience in India has shown that the form of good, credible, credible, accountable and transparent management of governance and how to use the Internet-based information centres and the registration of the Internet.
Calls upon States, non-governmental organizations and non-governmental organizations to mobilize all necessary resources and support to achieve the goals, strategies and initiatives set out in the Beijing Platform for Action;
The League of Arab States noted that this year's debate on self-determination, the Government was open to a decision on whether the establishment of a government entity/ sector/or sector to address the issue of self-government, and will take a decision on the issue of the issue of self-government.
To improve their conditions are the primary political priorities.
To this end, measures must be strengthened.
The programme is based on equal opportunities.
The core mandate is to establish a system and comprehensive monitoring network to provide objective, regular and accurate reports on children.
Human rights and development
At least one member may be a non-governmental organization.
In this regard, the workshop was very significant, including one representative of a British representative, who participated in the seminar, and he said that he was aware of the real vision of self-determination.
The following bodies should be required to prepare a special study on the topic of the Millennium Development Goals (UNFPA) for the Office of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (UNICEF) for the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (UNHCR) and the Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations (UNICEF) and UNIFEM (UNICEF) and UNIFEM.
(vii) Encourage and support of United Nations entities, donors, civil society and Governments to improve and support for gender mainstreaming and the advancement of women.
It was discussed how to support the WTO negotiations on environmental goods and services.
The Group of 77 and China expressed its appreciation for the support and support for addressing these issues, in particular in the context of identifying measures to improve competitiveness, competitiveness and increase their value.
The World Trade Organization and the relevant international organizations participated in all four meetings, the first meeting of the United Nations Conference on Competition and Policy in Latin America and the Caribbean, held in Panama from 21 to 23 March 2002.
As a financial administration, Indonesia called for all banks to report suspicious transactions, and may not comply with administrative sanctions under the reporting period.
Article 16 (3)
The programme is based on an objective and in-depth assessment of the State's needs, and recognizes that they can be able to meet the needs of the region through interregional and/or regional initiatives.
This is the decision of the Executive Director of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation, which stipulates that the Executive Director is responsible for the full leadership and guidance of the Board, in accordance with article 3 of the Council's decision, is responsible for providing technical and financial services.
Organization of outer space
Costa Rica
The registration rules under the Convention are fully applicable to the entry into force of outer space.
As a two years, States have expressed their views on how to explore how to explore how to explore how they can be achieved.
His delegation hoped that the draft international consensus would be made available if necessary, to support Belgium's proposal.
Therefore, we believe that the Security Council has formally heard the views and recommendations made by the General Assembly on its report.
We hope that the Assembly's consideration of the report will provide useful feedback on the Council's future.
Annual session
Agenda
Annex
Expresses grave concern about the entry into force of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty,
Notes that the third meeting of the Preparatory Committee for the 2005 Review Conference should be made every effort to submit a report to the Conference on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons to the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and to the outcome of its previous sessions, as well as its results;
A/57/577, A/57/17 and Corr.1 and A/57/82.
Welcomes the signing or accession of the Convention, and noting the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention (E/CN.4/2003/8);
The team met with the Panel's team, asked about the construction of the buildings and production of a number of natural gas companies in the North and the North.
The people of Colombia supports the Government's efforts to stop the control of the territory and to protect the sovereignty of States on trafficking, organized crime, organized crime and corruption, to strengthen justice and promote social development in the region and armed conflict.
Australia.
See A/58/284.
This chapter contains a number of potential ideas relating to voluntary guidelines.
In paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also requested a set of voluntary guidelines on the basis of voluntary guidelines.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights noted that, in accordance with the principles of the Charter of the United Nations and in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations, the principle of international cooperation for the development of economic, social and cultural rights of all States is a obligation to achieve economic, social and cultural rights.
Question:
It will be responsible for the effective use of air transport assets, to monitor the implementation of the operational standards; to ensure compliance with the established air control standards; to ensure compliance with the provisions of the operational standards for air control, the ground support of air traffic services and services;
Notes
The General Assembly, in its resolution 56/17 of 19 December 2001, requested the Secretary-General to prepare a comprehensive report on international cooperation based on non-discriminatory, impartiality and objectivity, taking into account the views of Member States in the field of human rights, taking into account the views of Member States in the United Nations in the field of human rights.
However, in this regard, it was recalled that, in order to make it acceptable to States, such law, the secured creditor and the secured creditor must be adequately balanced.
At the 1st meeting, on the organization of work (see A/AC.109/2000/SR.1).
Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee on the implementation of the present resolution;
“In addition to the widespread problem of the Non-Self-Governing Territories, many of the small island of America, many of the small island of America, many of the small island areas, have been faced by many factors, such as small and remote areas such as remote areas, geographical distribution and communications, vulnerability to natural disasters, vulnerability to natural disasters, natural disasters, vulnerability to natural resources, vulnerability to natural resources, and large-scale commodities.
I would like to say that this seminar has made a genuine hope that the Pacific people of the Pacific had a real hope that the United Nations will participate in dialogue with the administering Power.
In particular, the Committee's statement made by the representative of Tokelau, who said that the work of the Special Committee had been able to make it possible to be successful.
These activities have led to a wide range of effects, most of the best use of resources, planning and implementation of nuclear power teams, monitoring and improving skills.
No woman's nationality is not subject to marriage.
Since the infrastructure and other social services are fully destroyed, rural livelihoods are unable to maintain their livelihoods, and the recent return of thousands of refugees to this situation.
As for the second indicator, Member States are very low, although the number of outstanding assessed contributions are more low, and in the end of 2002.
The representative of Mexico introduced the strategy for development and sustainable development in the country.
In addition to the radio and television, young people are also aware?
UNHCR also provided emergency support for the construction of the water system in the area of refugees and internally displaced persons.
Support
Latin America
Emphasizes that the remaining Protocols to the Convention are essential for entry into force;
The focus on the participation of forest management is not only to take into account needs and priorities, but also to ensure that women enjoy equal access to and equal rights and rights, and to ensure that women are able to benefit from sustainable forest resources.
Report of the President of the General Assembly
Article 8
The steps taken: further development of the necessary verification capacity to ensure compliance with the disarmament agreement, thus establishing and maintain a world of nuclear weapons.
Annex
The observer for non-governmental organizations said that discrimination in the justice system was not only a poverty problem, because of the population of African descent or the poor of the population of African descent.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee against Racism and Human Rights
The United Nations will make every effort to assist Mr. H.I and his Government to implement the road map.
“7. Taking note of the need for further consideration of the human rights contained in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the question of the right to justice, as well as the need for further development indicators and benchmarks to measure progress made in the implementation of the Covenant.
It was also pointed out that the time frame for a single period of time and that certain exceptions are not inconsistent with the security right, in some cases, in some cases, the time-bound time, the acquisition security right.
With regard to the issue of other issues, some recommendations were made.
The independent assessment of projects and programmes will be carried out in accordance with the agreement reached with the beneficiaries and donors.
The most urgent task is to strengthen the Palestinian economy and to make it a long-term impact on Israel's economy.
Coordination
The second periodic report of Morocco (CEDAW/C/CO/2 and CEDAW/CRP.2/Add.1)
Ms. Schöpp-Schilling said that in the Parliament had not only 35 women in the Parliament, but also the continent of Morocco, as well as the leaders of the Muslim State; and all women have been able to share this success.
Provisional agenda
At the week, the occupying forces took attacks on the Gaza Strip in the northern Gaza Strip and killed the Palestinians and destroyed their property, including a number of homes.
States are unable to freeze the natural assets of enterprises or property to make further complex.
According to 27 February, there are no few individuals who were known.
It is also possible to control those who are listed in the world's scope and to have the opportunity to continue to receive and seek access to business assets, or to avoid measures to implement resolution 1737 (2006) and pursuant to resolution 1737 (2006).
It appears that it is expected that further challenges.
The unique form and reasons for the HIV/AIDS crisis, as well as the situation in Iraq has led to the United Nations to identify its humanitarian and responsibilities in this regard.
The present report covers areas of implementation and international support for the New Partnership.
Guam is a tax for the use of the goods in the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture of the manufacture of goods.
The development of the process of identifying the future status of Kosovo will depend on the positive results.
A statement was made by the Government of the Republic of Serbia on the current form of a document of the Republic of Serbia, which was not acceptable, the Kosovo Serbs are also maintained.
Now, we need to support these mechanisms to provide the necessary resources.
How can it demonstrate that resolution 1244 (1999), the Constitution and other applicable law, as well as the original standard-setting paper as a whole?
The family and local communities are always aware, and the time is different and benchmarks.
Implementation of the needs of the programme to improve the effectiveness of the following small offices and to improve the effectiveness of national programmes: Armenia, Armenia, the Dominican Republic, Georgia, Jamaica, Georgia, Lebanon, Lebanon, Lebanon, the occupied Palestinian territories, Lebanon, the occupied Palestinian territory, the occupied Palestinian territory and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
b. The net support budget estimates for the cost-effective support of the United Nations and trust funds and trust fund-raising programme (see table).
[Adopted by a Main Committee (A/57/L.4 and Add.1)
Third Committee
The General Assembly of General Assembly, General Assembly, General Assembly, in the area of public vehicles and fuel, has been able to live in the capital, and that the Israeli Court has made a appeal to the Supreme Court, and to destroy such violence.
These sanctions have entered into force on 7 July 2003.
Kosovo
Annex
14 August 2002
(iv) Military observers
The inspection began on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, on 6 June 2003, the Committee decided to review the list of the travel ban on the list of persons from 2 to 2nd meeting, on 2 June 2003, to delete the names of the names of the names of the applicant.
Draft resolution
Recommendations
Since the end of the cold war, the five nuclear-weapon States have significantly reduced their nuclear arsenals, but others have no full compliance with non-proliferation obligations, the proliferation of chemical and biological weapons and the proliferation of weapons, as well as the potential for terrorists.
The Russian Federation will support any form of political and diplomatic negotiations on this crisis.
On 31 July, Thailand has also made full loans to the International Monetary Fund.
In order to make such a future, Thailand is doing so and will continue to do so.
(e) Activities relating to the recruitment of terrorist groups;
2 March 2004
This phase will begin in the first quarter of 2005, and after the fourth quarter of 2005.
bodies
The UNAMI team will lead to the completion of the operations of Iraq, as well as the coordination of United Nations agencies' activities and the coordination of United Nations agencies.
In accordance with paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999) (b) and pursuant to resolution 1267 (1999) (a) of resolution 1267 (1999) (a) (a) and 16 (a) of all entities and other financial resources and other financial resources, including those who commit or directly or indirectly, or by the representatives of their nationals or in their own property, or in any other financial resources, and to ensure that their own assets or other than their own assets are in any other than their territory or outside their territory or in any other assets, or indirectly, or indirectly, or indirectly, or in any other than their own or in any other than their own territory or in any other assets or their own territory or outside their own territory or indirectly, in their own territory or indirectly, in any other financial resources are able to do not in any other than in any other than in any other than in any other assets of their own assets of their own or indirectly, in any other financial resources, or indirectly, or indirectly, or indirectly, or indirectly, in any other financial resources, or indirectly, or indirectly, in any other financial resources that they are able or in any other assets that they are able to which they are able to do
Kenya has taken a challenge.
The implementation of the plan will promote our common vision of democracy, but not only in the relations of the person, but also to strengthen democratic relations.
We believe that the United Nations must play a practical role in promoting and strengthening global democracy and the establishment of a democratic environment for peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The structure of the region is not conducive to the creation of full employment and the increase of the economic population.
November 2003
It is a solution to the provision of protection for diplomatic protection and protection of human rights, but it is important to adopt a decision on the protection of human rights, such as the judicial decision of the judicial decision or arbitral decision, based on a special system of protection.
The view of the view of the best option was to be responsible for civil liability and the remaining liability of the State.
The topic on the basis of the legal system for the loss of transboundary harm caused by hazardous activities is continuing as a result of the discussion of the draft articles on prevention.
Annex
(c) Despite the potential of economic growth and financial crisis in the biennium, the industrial sector will continue to grow.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: The workshop on trade and environmental capacity-building organized in Singapore on 16 May 2002 was discussed with the WTO regional workshops on trade and environmental governance.
Expresses concern at the Secretary-General's deployment in recent peacekeeping missions, in particular in Africa and their adequate resources to respond to delays in the deployment of the Mission in Africa;
The General Assembly must also focus on the preparations for the High-level Dialogue among the public and civil society.
(a) The Ministry of Women's Affairs of D.A.
The Central Asia Division (on behalf of Arab)
They also stressed the need to resolve outstanding issues within the framework of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons in order to achieve effective, full and non-discrimination.
Most of the production of developing countries may also focus on some small and medium-sized enterprises.
As indicated in document DP/2002/2 UNOPS completed its work.
There is a need to be informed of these issues, because they have a broad impact.
National forest programmes are chaired by FAO and supported by many donors and developing countries.
In the fourth round ( third round of voting), Poland has been elected as a two-thirds of the members of the Economic and Social Council, a three-year term, beginning on 1 January 2004.
Non-Aligned Countries
[A C R S]
Endorses the Committee's recommendation that the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee at its forty-first session, in particular, should:
Any person in the United States jurisdiction may be found in the United States jurisdiction of the United States in the context of any kind of transfer of foreign assets or entities that have not been frozen by the United States.
What is the individuals listed in your name or transit?
- Act No. 49, on the prevention of money-laundering (e.g. money-laundering).
Article 4 of the Convention, article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, invited Parties to inform the Conference of the Parties.
“The economic assessment of the economic assessment”
Kenya introduced the aim of strengthening the legal measures to strengthen general management and waste management activities, including wastes.
Belize stated that the sea-level sea-level sea-level sea-level sea may not have the destruction of its population.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia joined the European Court of Justice to address the dispute on the sovereignty of the Puerto Rico and South-South cooperation.
In view of the fact that this situation is being taken into account in the context of the prevention and management of fisheries and ensuring the long-term stability of the group and to ensure the long-term stability of the group, while noting that the international community urges the international community to maintain or maintain the maximum of fish stocks in 2015.
In 2002, the Global Fund approved the project entitled “The Russian Federation for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Marine Environment of the Sea”.
A new inter-agency consultation mechanism
The Special Rapporteur has received numerous reports that mercenaries had been involved in armed conflict in Colombia, mainly with drug fraud, but also with respect to civil and private companies.
Secondly, if any amendment to the Convention is to be more effective to prosecute the crime of mercenaries and international acts of crimes committed against mercenaries, the recommendations and mechanisms should be addressed.
At the national level, as a result of the landlocked developing countries, Burundi developed a comprehensive framework for the development of poverty.
This dialogue is a major step towards the completion of the process of reconciliation and the association process in Kosovo.
My Government supports the process.
Item 12 of the United Nations system
As mandated by the Council, the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission has provided a series of broad support and services in the country.
Mr. B. B. B. President: Members will make a briefing on my assumption, as well as our work.
We have also begun to provide access to drinking water, and we believe that this is being used.
Statement
To date, the Special Rapporteur has received an urgent appeal to the Government.
As a result of many expertise in academic institutions and non-governmental organizations, it is important that UNDCP should also mobilize such expertise to support the planning and implementation of a comprehensive programme of work.
(c) Article 3
document on the basis of the framework of the War
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the following agenda:
(e) To develop strategies to facilitate access to information and communication technologies and software, through tax incentives and further development, to reduce the cost of access to information and communication technologies and software;
At the 7th meeting, the Board heard an introductory statement by the representatives of UNCTAD, Technology and Development Division.
At the same meeting, the President made a statement.
Another participant indicated that the Johannesburg Summit had provided a tool to identify needs.
Other participants considered the clear mandate of the Strategic Approach to the Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit, as well as the UNEP Governing Council decision 22/4 of the Johannesburg Summit, as well as the UNEP Governing Council decision 22/4 of UNEP, as well as the Board's mandate to prepare a detailed mandate for monitoring matters.
He said that such companies had participated in capacity-building in training to ensure the best available technologies, such activities need to support Governments and to take appropriate political and legal frameworks.
This is likely to be more expensive.
In addition, the Charter provided the Organization to take all types of measures under Chapter VII of the resolution of the conflict.
What we need?
First, I would like to refer to the tragic events of 19 August, which resulted in the loss of his colleagues, the United Nations civil servants, the United Nations civil servants and the people of Pakistan.
They are not only able to provide troops to peacekeeping operations, but also in many other their specific characteristics, their foreign policy and political arrangements.
There is no need for all international peace and security.
Table 3.2 The percentage of resources
The programme of work is based on subprogramme 3 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
Two African LDCs are concerned at the outcome of the eighth session of UNCTAD
Mr. M. G. (France) (spoke in French): Allow me also to express my gratitude to Mr. President, to you, to you, to express his gratitude to him for his very very very very very very very very useful statements and figures.
The audit shall be carried out in accordance with the relevant common audit guidelines, in addition to other general instructions from the General Assembly, in addition to the additional requirements contained in the annex to the present Regulations.
I believe that the General Assembly wishes to do so?
“Recalling the current entry into force of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (NPT) of the Caribbean (NPT) and that this case has been endorsed by the General Assembly at its 18th meeting, on 5 and 6 November 2003, and the outcome of the meeting of the General Assembly, including the outcome of the meeting, adopted by the General Assembly at its 18 November 2003.
May I take the floor to the Assembly?
The final report of the Group of Experts on the Protection of Natural Resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (S/2002/87) was issued in October 2002 (S/2002/82) and reiterated the link between the diversity of resources and human rights violations.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur noted that several cases: Mr. B. B. B. B. B. and its families were a threat to arrest and death of the Congolese authorities, as well as the threat of the protection of civilians in his detention.
He said that his visit was clear to the Government's cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights.
Law
The United Nations adopted the resolution on small arms and light weapons by the Economic Community of West African States as a resolution on assistance to States on the illicit movement and destruction of small arms and light weapons.
In short, the embargo has been subjected to serious violations.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words.
We hope that the Council will take this initiative under your auspices, Mr. President, and to address the issue in other regional organizations.
We have regularly held staff and in the field, and I mentioned that UNMIK is part of the OSCE mission.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the President of the African Union and the Minister for Foreign Affairs of South Africa for his kind words addressed to me.
Representatives of the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC).
“8. Encourages all Governments, international organizations, the United Nations, the private sector, the private sector, civil society, civil society and other stakeholders in planning and monitoring and monitoring of the country assessment, the Millennium Development Goals and the Millennium Development Goals;
Germany stated its support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development, as well as the commitments made in the framework of other measures taken in the framework of trade liberalization, debt burden and the Group of Eight.
His delegation also said that the future programme of work was based on appropriate ways to ensure that the environment in the context of the environmental emergencies described in document A/C/121.
Through the work of the special procedures, the treaty bodies and minorities, the Working Group on Minorities has found many problems faced by minorities and minorities, if they could lead to disputes and conflict.
The activities of the Working Group are very valuable, not only because of its discussions, it has contributed to the changing methods and procedures.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (A/58/285, A/58/175, A/58/175, A/58/587, A/58/589, A/58/589, A/58/58/89, A/58/58/53 and A/58/58/585, A/58/58/587, A/58/58/587, A/58/58/58 and A/58/58/586)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on “The Sustainable Development of Central America” (agenda item 40 (b) (agenda item 40 (b) (convened by the Permanent Mission of Panama)
At the same time, the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues will be held in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003.
Human rights questions: implementation of human rights instruments
She asked whether the Committee wished to discuss these texts.
There are no legislation.
Annex
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) To request the development partners to make sufficient funding and support for the rehabilitation and reconstruction of the civil service system and the efforts of the national civil servants.
(c) Replace operative paragraph 3 to replace the words “in developing countries and countries with economies in transition” to “the developing countries and countries with economies in transition from developing countries, economies in transition and in transition to women and in general;
Subsequently, Romania also joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Several initiatives are being carried out by the international community and national institutions, from the development and adoption of a set of common data on the basis of common data.
The recent initiative on the development of data sharing has been developed.
The State party should ensure the rapid implementation of the programme, while the Government should provide sufficient funds to pay compensation.
The Fourth World Conference on Trade and Development adopted in Doha in 2001, recognized the need to accelerate the flow of goods, and to strengthen technical assistance and capacity-building in the area of the area of the field.
(e) To promote gender balance in all public service, and to take all appropriate measures to encourage the political parties to ensure equal access to and equal opportunities for all elected and non-permanent members;
Draft resolution on human rights defenders (agenda item 11 (b) (Third Committee) (Third Committee)
Taking note of General Assembly resolution 56/12 of 19 December 2001 on human rights and terrorism,
To this end, it is possible to ensure that scientific progress can benefit from individuals and in respect of human rights,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur on violence against women and children in Afghanistan and to report thereon to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
The Mission of Kosovo, Kosovo and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia will ensure that the perpetrators of attacks and attacks on the killing and killing of perpetrators and the perpetrators of crimes committed in armed conflict.
Encourages developing a new public and private sources that would not lead to the development of the purposes of development, while noting that these sources are not appropriate burden on developing countries, and noting the proposal for the use of special resources for development in paragraph 44 of the Monterrey Consensus;
According to the international agreement of Kazakhstan, foreign and stateless persons in the Republic of Kazakhstan may be granted extradition to foreign or detention in the Republic of Kazakhstan or in the Republic of Kazakhstan.
Participants agreed that the need to resume multilateral trade negotiations.
The parties must agree to establish a lasting peace to allow the two States and an independent, independent and independent Palestinian State of Palestine and the Palestinian State of the Middle East as well as the resolution adopted by the Security Council in Madrid and Paris on the basis of the principles established by the Security Council.
(d) The State of origin;
It also provides data and analysis, as well as sources of sources, the United Nations country team can ensure that results and lessons learned are responsible for results.
This system has been based on results, and more with UNDP focus on learning and knowledge.
In this case, in accordance with article 31 of the Vienna Convention, the provisions of article 31 of the Vienna Convention are not applicable to the relationship between the two Parties, in this case: “The relationship between the two parties, the relationship between the reservation and the consequences of the reservation to the scope of the treaty”.
In accordance with the resolutions adopted by UNISPACE III, the Vienna Declaration on Human Rights and Human Rights, the mandate of the Task Force on the implementation of a comprehensive global system, inter alia, the implementation of the Plan of Action, the implementation of a comprehensive global system, inter alia through international cooperation, the use of climate change, disaster relief and prevention of natural disasters, communications and other historical services.
H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.E. H.C.L.
Agenda
(b) The unit should not exceed one of the total military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social and Family, through its Equal Opportunities Service and the Ministry of Social Affairs, is a mechanism for the development of strategies and policies in the area of discrimination against women and men.
The decision was adopted by the Government of the Government to approve the “F4” Act, which was approved by the decision to approve the “F4” Fund” to be approved by the Government of the State party's decision No. 89, which was approved by the Ministry of Social Development.
A/53/47, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation.
In Barbados, UNDP has sharing costs for regional disaster management strategies for the Caribbean, as well as strengthening the disaster relief agencies of the Caribbean.
The United Nations Development Group has made an important achievements in the past year, including the recommendations of the General Assembly, to amend the country assessment and United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF).
Table 2 Financing of the funds received from UNDP
Article 6
In accordance with this, the Working Group agreed that the term “to be deleted” (see A/CN.9/WG.II/CN.9/WG.VI, para.
Approves the following provisional agenda for the forty-second session of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its ninth session:
(a) Employment: flexible approach to employment and capacity-building in different locations;
However, it is also stressed that some weaknesses, such as the identification of individual organizations.
The Civil Service Office noted that the private sector had not been able to grant compensation for the staff of the United Nations.
One member of a member of the State, which is not non-profit/or non-governmental organizations, because other parts of the sector have not included employers to participate in the labour activity.
Most members welcomed the proposed revision of the Act.
While the members of the Committee and the representatives of the Working Group agreed with the use of other data-based data on the use of other data-sharing methods, the representatives of the staff members of the Office of the United Nations had made a view that data collection should be completed in some cases, where the local salaries and the need to be able to be able to be able to adopt any other methods.
Afghanistan, Angola, Armenia, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Costa Rica, Cameroon, Cameroon, Cameroon, Costa Rica, Cameroon, Cameroon, Costa Rica, Costa Rica, Costa Rica, Costa Rica, Costa Rica, Costa Rica, Croatia, Italy, the Czech Republic, Guatemala, Italy, the Czech Republic, Latvia, Italy, the Czech Republic, Guatemala, Italy, the Czech Republic, Italy, the Czech Republic, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Lithuania, Lithuania, Lithuania, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Lithuania, Lithuania, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Guatemala, Italy, Guatemala, Peru, Lithuania, Guatemala, Guatemala, Peru, Peru, Peru, Guatemala, Guatemala, Peru, Guatemala, Italy, Italy, Guatemala, the United Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Guatemala, Guatemala, the Czech Republic of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the Czech Republic of Great Britain and Zambia
(i) Advisory services: The request of Governments to promote capacity-building and strengthen national level-level mechanisms to enhance women's participation in national policies and programmes to integrate gender mainstreaming into the development of national policies and programmes in order to enhance the effective integration of women in the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women;
Amendment to the Basel Convention on the Control of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal, Geneva, 22 September 1995
Annex
[The State party shall, in accordance with the general insolvency law, to recognize that [the adjustment of the accounts or a similar rules in the amount of the payment of the payment of or the financial market” should be recognized.
With regard to these costs, the Panel's approach to the “E4” claims and valuation of these costs, as indicated in paragraph 13 of the first “E4” instalment report, in particular paragraph 13 of the “E4” report, noted that the Panel's practice had not been reflected in the cost of maintenance costs.
During the next report, a number of follow-up to the International Commercial Forum and the discussions held in Monterrey, which discussed these proposals.
It was very much aware of the need to share experiences.
However, Algeria looked forward to the process of the international law on the human rights of human rights.
There is a considerable calm and the reduction of the street, which has been reduced, but the movement of the Al-Qaida and the “the d'Ivoire” is often often in the face of obstacles.
- Nigeria's initiative to provide secondary health facilities;
It is estimated that more than 30 per cent of cluster munitions have not been fired or destroyed, and they have lost the ground.
Implementation of the current programme of work
Report of the Secretary-General
Global Environment Facility: Note by the Administrator
(b) The liability of the person who are not expected to be expected.
Takes note of the activities undertaken by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization;
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, particularly UNICEF and WHO, to cooperate with Governments in consultation with indigenous peoples and to participate in consultations with indigenous peoples, in consultation with indigenous children, child prostitution and child pornography and the Special Rapporteur on the sale and exploitation of children, and urges States to participate in the rehabilitation programme.
The Forum recommended that UNICEF, UNESCO, UNESCO, WHO, WHO, UNDP, UNDP, UNFPA and other United Nations agencies in collaboration with indigenous peoples, as well as the experience of indigenous youth and children in a multi-year country meeting in 2004 in 2004 in 2004 in 2004 by a Latin American and subregional meetings in Latin America and Children.
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme to submit a report on the area of policies and programmes and to participate in the dialogue with the third Forum.
At the same meeting, the observer for the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO);
Introduction
Sierra Leone, Costa Rica, Costa Rica, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty;
In urban security, the Office supports the Education of the National Police of the Canada Police.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
United Nations Development Fund
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The related costs are listed in the various types of expenditure: consultants, travel and miscellaneous supplies, equipment and equipment ($5,000).
In addition, a large number of investigations have been carried out in recent years and in UNMIK and the United Nations Mission in East Timor, and they are being implemented in the Mission.
Agenda
Expresses its appreciation for the support of the Peace Agreement, as well as the Dayton Agreement on the implementation of the Federal Agreement on Bosnia and Herzegovina, on 10 November 1995 (S/PRST/2001/8), and called upon Parties to comply with the obligations under the Agreement and to continue to review the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Requests the Government of Bosnia and Herzegovina to cooperate with the Force Commander of the Force in order to ensure effective management of the airspace of the Territory of Bosnia and Herzegovina and to ensure the effective management of the airport in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Condemns the thousands of thousands of mines in Lebanon, which resulted in the loss of thousands of deaths and heavy material.
Reaffirming all its relevant resolutions adopted by the Islamic Conference.
Recalling its previous resolutions on this issue, in particular the resolutions adopted by the Islamic Summit Conference, in particular the Islamic Summit of Islamic Summit, as well as the important provisions of the Johannesburg Declaration adopted by the Islamic Summit,
Requests the Secretary-General to follow up on the implementation of the present resolution and to report thereon to the Islamic Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Islamic Republic.
Expresses its concern at the continued deterioration of multilateralism in arms control, non-proliferation and disarmament in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation, and recognizing that Member States are able to seek unilateral action on the security of international peace and security;
Takes note of the situation of violations made by the Government of Guinea;
Resolution
Recognizing the challenges posed by the world economy to increasing globalization and integration, as well as the growing liberalization of the world economy;
Taking into account the economic difficulties of the free market;
Recalling General Assembly resolution 29/9-E (E)
Recognizes that, in the Charter of the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Republic of Iran, a memorandum of understanding and principles aimed at ensuring the protection and protection of Islamic heritage;
The Conference approved the decisions and resolutions.
The international community, in particular the United Nations bodies, has been invited to undertake positive research on the economic and social impact of the sea-level sea-level sea-level-level sea-level level and its impact on the social and economic impact of the coastal region and member States.
At the thirty-eighth session of the Islamic Republic of Iran (Islamic Republic of)
Agenda
There is only one of the entry into force of the buyer.
In addition, the Central Bank of Jordan introduced a letter dated 9 March (2003) on 9 March (2003) and stressed the importance of the implementation of article 28 of the Labour Law Act No. 24 of 28 March 2001 and the provisions of the Act on money-laundering (art.
The preliminary report contains a broad framework to prevent the use of legal and practical issues related to small arms and light weapons.
In addition, the European Convention on Human Rights has been provided to members of indigenous peoples, the Convention recently adopted Protocol 12 to expand non-discrimination.
Taking note of the rapid increase in the number of global road transport, injury and disability,
At the 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected Mr. K. L. H.E (Belgium) and H.E. Mr. D. L. P.A.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on “Strengthening global public health capacity” (item 61) will be held on 19 September 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 1.
Education
Welcomes the establishment of the Constitutional Commission and the current process of drafting the new Constitution and the current international obligations of Afghanistan, and stresses the need to include the full participation of Afghanistan and the full participation of women in the process and processes of the Constitutional Court;
Members of the Council welcomed the progress made in the implementation of the Lusaka Agreement, and expresses its appreciation to the Government of the Republic of the Republic of France for the implementation of the draft programme for the implementation of this Agreement, once again, and once again, on the efforts of France and ECOWAS.
The role of diamonds in the conflict
See Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development (United Nations publication, Sales No.
The functions of the Secretariat
General Assembly
The Transitional Administration and Prime Minister of the same day has been elected by the Government on 3 October.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the President of the Security Council made the following recommendations: (a) efforts to strengthen the capacity of the armed forces of Sierra Leone and the police and police in order to ensure that the Security Council should be able to meet the importance of peace and stability in Liberia; (c) the Security Council's efforts to consolidate the stability of the United Nations system in Sierra Leone and to strengthen the Security Council's peace and disarmament and security, in Sierra Leone;
New Zealand, Australia and Canada agreed that the Panel's report does not avoid the rate of exchange and that the reasons for non-permanent posts had been avoided and accepted for non-permanent posts in inflation, but the reasons for an increase in the actual vacancy rate in 2003 should be presented in the second report.
The Committee also urges the Special Rapporteur to draw the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to the situation of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, or to the early action to prevent further deterioration.
The Special Rapporteur is increasingly concerned about the new situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
However, it is not the case.
“The situation in Haiti, following the second paragraph of article 19 of the second paragraph, was clearly allowed to participate in the voting until the Committee on Contributions had been made.
Agenda
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Further reaffirms the Declaration on the establishment of a relationship between States and the Organization of international law,
The increase of the personnel of the Force is an integral part of the two contingent-owned contingent centres for security, demobilization, reintegration, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration centres.
In addition, there is a need for the deployment of an air tool to provide air transportation, each contingent will be able to carry out its capacity in any operation.
The long-term fight against terrorism is key to promoting understanding and tolerance among civilizations, poverty reduction and inequality.
Mr. N. N., speaking on behalf of the European Union (Italy), the European Union, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Latvia, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Romania, Romania and Turkey, and Liechtenstein.
I also wish to congratulate you on your predecessor — France — to address this very difficult position.
Regrettably, it is regrettable that, in the face of continuing acts, as the recent events that have recently taken place in the world, as the latest of the lives of more than 120 people and that such acts have been reminded that such acts are very widespread and that we look forward to the urgent and more effective international cooperation.
The Republic of Yemen is pleased that the international community recognizes the seriousness of this issue.
We are doing so as to seek assistance from the CTC as a means of assisting Canada and non-members.
This situation also is also aware that the political considerations may also be the possibility of a positive or anti-Semitism to the local government.
Commission on Human Rights
• Cooperation with relevant bodies to facilitate the follow-up on the follow-up to and the follow-up to those bodies;
Article 1: What is the importance of social capital, policies and policies (including the United Kingdom)
Annex
Assistance in Djibouti
However, the majority of the EU directives did not have legal rules on the basis of the data collection, but some of the case of some of the cases of traditional rules that have been applied to electronic environment.
It is necessary to clarify whether suppliers had been able to identify information and to identify the conditions that are available to them or the need to be able to identify conditions in order to identify conditions.
It should be noted that as the Guide to Enactment (para.
The Commonwealth of Independent States, inter alia, supported by the Council of the Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation and Ukraine as a joint proposal for the release of radioactive accidents and disasters.
I now give the floor to the representative of the Russian Federation, Mr. B. M. L.
At its 6th meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report containing the draft articles on the jurisdiction of States and its property (see annex I).
Article 9
Article 53 of the Vienna Convention on Civil Relations of the Vienna Convention on Civil Relations of the Vienna Convention on Civil Relations of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations, Vienna
All funds provided for in the UNFCCC process have been used to finance the participation of the COP at its eighth session.
The social activity is a continuing process of creating the world.
• The services of the Government;
I would like to urge the Council to call on the effective implementation of the Vienna Agreement to call for the establishment of a national human rights officer and a Truth and Reconciliation Commission, which is also intended to ensure that victims are fully and clear attention.
We note with satisfaction that the Special Rapporteur on the human rights situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo will visit the country to the end of this month.
For example, MONUC is working together with all parties to establish the Transitional Government on human rights issues?
There are many progress in the return of millions of refugees living in neighbouring countries, particularly in Iran and Pakistan.
The President's general debate on the general debate
Action: The SBI will consider the report of the Chairperson on the basis of consultations on how to address the issue.
Background: The SBI considered the request of the Government of Croatia on the implementation of Article 3, paragraph 4 of the Kyoto Protocol to the Kyoto Protocol.
Requests the Secretary-General to take into account the secretariat of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to take full advantage of the mechanism for the coordination of the United Nations system and to prepare a comprehensive report on the success of the work of the International Conference on Financing for Development to prepare a comprehensive report on the implementation of the commitments and agreements, including in the context of the Monterrey Consensus;
(1) Africa should be allocated not less than two permanent members, and two seats were allocated to the Group of African States.
Institutionalization:
(c) Introduction
I am particularly grateful to the recent urgent appeals of UNRWA to provide important services for the Palestinians.
The Division will provide greater technical interpretation of assessments.
Expresses its deep appreciation to the Government of Cuba, and thanked the Conference of the Parties at its sixth session to make it possible to provide good facilities for the Conference and to thank the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference;
In addition, the occupying Power has also killed the two-year-old Palestinian boys in the same day, the occupying forces killed the two-year-old Al-Hadah Al-Hah Al-Hah Al-Mah Al-Hah, and the people of the occupied Palestinian camps.
In some cases, the recruitment rate is below the level of approval.
Following the establishment of a programme of work, the first cycle of rapid deployment cycle was assessed, the practical implementation of the mechanism and lessons learned.
The extradition and mutual assistance in the case of extradition?
(d) and (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to submit its second periodic report, before it a number of discussions with NGOs and other members of civil society.
The Administration is responsible for the expulsion of Turkmenistan.
On 27 August 2003, the President of the Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 8th and 48th meetings, held on 27 August 2003.
Also decides that, in accordance with paragraph 16 and 17 above, the amount of USD 160,000 for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2002 in the amount of $20,000 under the financial period ended 30 June 2002 in the amount of $20,000 in the amount of $20,000 for Member States, as appropriate;
Annex
The United Nations and the Security Council has timely intervention.
The President: Mr. K. N.g.
It should be noted that, after 11 p.m. the United States of America is fully linked to discrimination against the Arab people (e.g. the United States) and Muslims (e.g. the United States).
No.
The term “ electronic record” has been said that it was more acceptable.
The question: whether or not applicable to electronic or other transactions
Article 29
The Special Rapporteur has received considerable information.
On 11 November 2003, the President of Pakistan decided to investigate the murder of a young woman who had been arrested.
Through the resolution, the Security Council decided to establish a strengthened monitoring system aimed at establishing a comprehensive and comprehensive disarmament process.
The Government of Iran and the people of Iran are also concerned at the beginning of the war, which will not be seen by the people of the people of Iraq, even if the war will have been killed and the loss of displaced persons.
The absolute need for once again, once again, the international community contained in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991) must not be limited to Iraq.
The law on trafficking in persons at the national and international levels should include the inclusion of gender stereotypes and corruption.
The Committee is first of the main focus of the members of the Committee, working methods, working methods and reporting, and then adopted its terms of reference.
The new challenges and threats.
Mexico reiterates its full confidence in the United Nations, through the use of all peaceful means and in particular through strengthening the values of the Organization, which led to a more relevant international dispute in the current stage — to resolve international disputes.
In this context, we have not only strengthened the verification mechanism but also strengthened our capacity to implement our important mandate — the world for the war.
This is whether the allegations made by the United States of America at the same meeting — many of the world — the United States, or the concept of cooperation with Iraq?
The present report discussed the International Decade and the United Nations on South-South cooperation to facilitate and promote South-South cooperation, in particular the goals contained in the Millennium Declaration.
Italy
The European Union reiterates its support to the General Assembly resolution 57/8 entitled “The peace process”.
(i) Operational (New York):
The Unit has 11 posts, three Professional staff.
Table 19
The Committee agreed that the implementation of office should be the highest priority and should be completed in order to avoid the negative impact of the work of the Fund and projects.
The Commission on Investment, Technology and Other Related Resources, decided to hold a expert meeting on FDI and development in the context of FDI.
The balance between the budget is particularly important.
Ms. L. L. L. N.E. Ms. L.
The lack of effective coordination at the global level of research and the lack of effective coordination of information on technology and development, as well as the lack of effective coordination at the global level, while recognizing the need to promote further progress in this area and encourage the implementation of international, national and local technical cooperation, technical cooperation and technical cooperation,
Annex
The full text of the comments are available at http://www.un.org/index/index.htm.
“Recalling the continuing illegal exploitation of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in particular in the eastern part of the country, and recalling that these activities are one of the main factors that have been brought to the conflict, and reaffirms the need to stop the conflict in the conflict, as well as all other actors to end those activities, as well as all other actors;
“(a) To promote new and renewable energy, including the implementation of the World Solar Programme;
It is estimated that the share of the least developed countries in the world's exports had risen from 7 to 1 per cent in the twenty-first decade.
• Governing Council decision IDB.10/Dec.7
At its twenty-fourth session, the Council took note of the preliminary statement made by Colombia on its intention to host UNIDO at its tenth session in September 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another ongoing initiative is the development of the e-mail and sharing of experience, information on existing professional knowledge and expertise.
The United States of America against Cuba
The dispute between national disputes and issues should be pursued through peace dialogue and negotiations.
In the light of such measures, such measures are contrary to the guidance of the International Conference on Trade and Development in the field of global trade and the establishment of a wide range of legal, guidelines and guidelines.
All of these areas have been affected by the embargo, because of many restrictions, such as education and culture, have been a priority area of public expenditure.
Although the material resources are not in place, Cuba continues to be able to contribute to regional and international drug control.
Article 6 of the Act of 1998 provides measures for the protection of the rights of the Government of Namibia in accordance with article 13 (1) of the Constitution of the Constitution of Namibia, authorized the right to vote in accordance with article 2, paragraph 2, of the Code of Criminal Procedure, communications or communications, and to authorize any person to enter into the premises or conduct of the premises.
Accordingly, in the fourth instalment, the net claim for the amount of USD 2,214,032,34,38.
Geneva, 31 March 2003
