Allow me to emphasize that we will continue to cooperate with them on our own initiative.
Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI)
At the 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the President recalled that the Conference of the Parties at its seventh session had agreed on the calendar of conferences and meetings of the Convention for 2003-2007.
Thailand
In paragraph 6, the Commission requested the Sub-Commission to bring to the attention of the Commission a situation in which it considered reasonable grounds for believing that there were consistent violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including policies of racial discrimination, segregation and segregation, in any country, particularly in colonies and other independent territories.
In the same resolution, the Sub-Commission also decided to continue its consideration of this question at its fifty-fifth session.
Near-Earth objects
These typically include the use of a detailed land cover database prepared by LCCS and various support data layers collected together with dynamic map depots.
The co-sponsors of the Terrestrial Observing System are FAO, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Council for Science (Science).
A study of 77 medical programmes covering almost 6 million beneficiaries showed that 78 per cent of programmes had established HIV and AIDS disease management programmes, but only 0.3 per cent of beneficiaries were using them.
Uruguay (7 July 2003)
His wife refused to recognize Mr. Wang's mental illness.
Once a suspect has been brought, any material that has proved his guilt (e.g. a confession voluntarily made by the defendant to a senior police officer) must be scrutinized before being admitted as evidence.
He has repeatedly participated in Falun Gong since July 1999.
A copy of this opinion will be sent to the Committee on the Rights of the Child; The Working Group concludes that the deprivation of liberty of Michael Gevarra does not have an arbitrary character within the meaning of the various principles applicable to the consideration of the case submitted to it by the Working Group.
The Arab Ministers stressed the need for the United Nations to play a key role in the political process in Iraq and for the Organization to cooperate with the League of Arab States and other regional and national actors for that purpose under the auspices of the Security Council.
We pay particular attention to the issue of raising awareness of the health of individuals, especially members of the armed forces.
China welcomed the series of positive measures taken by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations in raising awareness of AIDS prevention among peacekeepers, establishing a special adviser on AIDS and revising the code of conduct for peacekeepers, in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the Council.
At its 2003 regular session, the Commission had before it a letter dated 20 May 2003 from the Government of the United States of America, in which it had alleged that the Indian Movement “Tupai Amaru” had violated the rules of procedure during the fifty-ninth session of the Commission.
In such cases, the necessary measures should be taken, as appropriate, to ensure the protection of their interests, taking into account the circumstances of the patient.
31 HKSAR, Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
One view was that it would be inappropriate to allow a very small minority of creditors that were not represented in the total number of creditors to decide the process of events, given the general reluctance of creditors.
The Staff College also made greater use of information and communication technologies.
As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of staff in the College was 37.
IMO publication performance 45
Office of Conference Support
The report clearly shows that the University is strengthening its cooperation with other bodies of the United Nations system and increasing its contribution to the Organization's activities.
The SBI agreed to admit these organizations, in accordance with Article 7, paragraph 6, of the Convention, without prejudice to future action by the COP.
Statements were made by the representatives of 10 States parties, including one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States and some of the States in the process of accession, and one on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The SBI welcomed the continuing efforts of the chairs of the subsidiary bodies, the chairs of the limited membership bodies and the secretariat in facilitating the participation of observer organizations in intersessional workshops.
Following the delivery of the Trial Chamber's judgement on 2 November 2001, Miroslav Kvočka, Mlado Radić, Dragoljub Prcać, Zoran Žigić and Milojica Kos filed their notice of appeal.
My delegation is indeed pleased to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference on Disarmament.
The States Parties to the OAS undertake to:
Brazil and Sri Lanka: amendments to article 8
The Panel finds that the amount of USD 8,439 for the work listed in the Claimant's invoice number 78/90/90/462; USD 611,071 for the work listed in the invoice number 26/90/421, 27/90/461 and 28/90/995 for compensation; USD 15,90/243 and 16/90/282, USD 10,207 for the work listed in the invoice number no.
Annex I
Mr. Stahelin (Switzerland): Let me congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Security Council for this month and wish you every success.
Mr. Vassilakis (Greece): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union.
The question of the establishment of a permanent International Court of Justice was raised in the late 1950s and early 1950s in the context of the 1948 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide.
While we are convinced that the search for compromise should not be linked to important international treaties such as the Rome Statute, we still believe that the members of the Council must act in a spirit of compromise and understanding and work actively to find a mutually acceptable solution.
The adoption by the General Assembly at its fifty-seventh session of resolution 57/63 of 22 November 2002, entitled “Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation”, by a majority vote, attests to the strong support of the international community for multilateralism.
The legitimacy of the call for the immediate commencement of FMCT negotiations is derived from various multilateral documents, and I would like to recall some of them today.
Even United Nations agencies and other aid providers must pay high costs in order to rent vehicles and premises and secure them, which constitute an important source of revenue for all Somali factions.
All attempts to manage the Somali fisheries have resulted in a large amount of money falling into the private hands of the factions' leadership groups, with millions of dollars in the past 10 years, sat down in the private sector and, to some extent, to cover and supplement the private population.
Paragraph 4: “A person who knowingly aids or assists in the planning, facilitation or conduct of an operation shall be punished by a specified provision, knowing his or her purpose.”
At the same time, international cooperation is based on the action of the International Action Group against Money-Laundering.
Open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled “Implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons: towards a society for all in the twenty-first century” (organized by the Permanent Mission of the Philippines)
On 9 October 2003, between 0155 and 0800 hours, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the sea opposite the area of the Zahrani River east, then heading towards the area of Tyre, then heading towards the sea off Damur, thus violating Lebanese airspace.
- Adoption of the Constitution by referendum.
National efforts to strengthen the education sector
* Until 1988, the universities and colleges in Myanmar were unable to grant a doctorate degree.
Agenda item 155: Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (continued)
However, recent events have shown that the scope and implementation of the Convention remains incomplete and cannot adequately address the increasing number of non-peacekeeping operations.
According to the draft resolution, tariff ceilings for developing countries were still under negotiation.
(g) Measures to combat money-laundering;
Preventive action and terrorism
(x countries with the largest contributions except Latin America and the Caribbean region)
Annex
The unemployment rate is highest for both men and women, the age group 20-24.
The geographical proximity of Samoa and its good communication and transportation systems make centralized services easily accessible.
In addition, health-care services should pay attention to the notion of “health” and actively promote health as a property.
Another important aspect of economic participation is women's entrepreneurship, especially in small enterprises.
At present, the trend towards marriage is constantly changing, with the age of marriage for women at a particularly late age of 24 years in 1991, 27 years in 1993 and 31 and 27 years respectively for men.
Calvert Faamoe K., Nutrition and Apia Youth Survey, Apia
My delegation reiterates that any decisions taken by the Provisional Institutions must strictly abide by the provisions of that resolution and the Constitutional Framework.
We hope that the development of a road map covering all aspects of the handover process will help to establish standards that are indispensable for a lasting solution to the status of Kosovo.
However, we believe that the additional measures detailed in paragraph 21 can help control and improve the situation.
A high centrifuge may have a effect on orbit to reduce the proximity.
In its resolution 57/108 of 3 December 2002 on the Division for Palestinian Rights of the Secretariat, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Division with the necessary resources to ensure that it continued to implement the programme of work detailed in previous relevant resolutions, including, inter alia, the holding of meetings of the international community in all its aspects, the further development and expansion of the United Nations Information System on the Question of Palestine, the production and widest possible dissemination of publications and information materials on all aspects of the question, as well as well as possible, as well as well as well as an annual training programme for the staff of the Palestine.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States transported depleted uranium ammunition from its Okinawa base to South Korea, carried out operational deployments, and the United States issued a “medium-term report” in Busan on 8 June to re-evaluate the “American-Japan Defence Cooperation” approach.
Considering that the promotion of respect for the obligations set forth in the Charter of the United Nations and other instruments and rules of international law is among the basic purposes and principles of the United Nations,
Calls upon all States of the Mediterranean region that have not yet done so to adhere to all the multilaterally negotiated legal instruments in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation, thereby creating the necessary conditions for strengthening peace and cooperation in the region;
A drought assessment model at the global and regional levels has been established.
However, they were constrained by the lack of the current suitable indicators.
With regard to the mapping of drought-sensitive maps of a country or region, we prefer the second approach, but serious research is needed.
(Coordinator: Debicki)
Selected members for WEOG
In addition, some participants stressed the cross-cutting nature of issues such as human rights, gender equality and the empowerment of women, which should be recognized as essential for achieving all development goals.
For example, transit commodity containers sent to Central Asia must be checked at the port of transit and then loaded on board the vessel to ensure that they are not in possession of prohibited items, because of fear of their return to the country.
The second scenario could be considered as directly invoked by individuals (as in previous cases relating to the Convention on the Rights of the Child).
Annex to the letter dated 11 August 2003 from the representatives of Germany and the Netherlands to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Comment.
Comment.
9 Ibid., Supplement No. 5F and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.6 and Corr.1), chap.
(d) To prohibit any form of discrimination or harassment, including sexual or gender harassment, or physical or verbal harm, in the workplace or in the workplace.
Salaries
Abstract prepared by Stefan Kröll
Case 455: MAL 34 - Germany: Oberlandesgericht Hamburg; 14 Sch 1/98 (4 September 1998)
In both cases, however, this expression must be voluntary; it does not fall within the definition of the topic (and is more outside its scope) and falls within the legal regime applicable to the topic.
Recognizing also that, on the basis of national and regional specificities and different backgrounds, there are diverse democratic political systems and patterns of free and fair elections in the world,
An officer stated that the contract period had been extended by mutual agreement but had not been formally extended.
On the issue of interest, the Panel refers to paragraphs 19 and 20 of the present report.
The terms of payment of the two contracts with SEPL are similar, with each contract being paid in Iraqi dinars, and the remainder in United States dollars.
The Panel finds that Moa did not provide sufficient evidence of its ownership or use of property, its value or property presence in Iraq and Kuwait prior to 2 August 1990.
Recommendation
Facts and contentions/analysis and valuation
The individual's employment contract provided that Montgomery had an obligation to pay each employee's travel expenses to Kuwait at the end of the employment, and Montgomery stated that each employee had a scheduled ticket for return.
The heroin homicide machine is still operating in full speed.
Secondly, in addition to promoting the eradication of opium poppy and combating drug trafficking in Afghanistan, those problems must also be addressed from a regional perspective.
All terrorists have relevant objectives and tools.
Annex I
Research results have shown that migrants have experienced fairly widespread racism and discrimination in the workplace and in other areas of everyday life.
Two recent investigations missions to Bunia (28-30 January 2003, MONUC dispatched; 3-4 February 2003, OHCHR dispatched) identified serious violations of human rights, including gang-raped women, extrajudicial executions, looting and house burning.
2To be issued.
In addition, nearly 150 cases have been referred to the Rapid Return Facility as a joint project between UNMIK and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) to provide shelter reconstruction assistance to returnees.
The Albanian Government commends the appointment of Mr. Harri Holkeri as Special Representative and will support his work.
Countries seek to attract FDI because investment can bring benefits and have a positive impact on their economies.
The education programme will receive additional funding to increase the number of school students, especially girls, and non-formal education.
1.78 Improving the institutional capacity-building process and implementing a series of management reforms to maximize the role of the system, improve the quality of services and enhance efficiency and cost-effectiveness.
Food support to families with special hardship cases
Micro-credit and savings programmes
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.14/Rev.1, “Protection of global climate for present and future generations of mankind” (A/58/7/Add.27; A/C.5/58/32)
Once the cluster begins, we will conduct the identification and verification of combatants.
• It is important to make better use of the comparative advantages of intergovernmental bodies in order to enable them to work towards common goals in a more harmonious and comprehensive manner, such as the formation of integrated committees by the General Assembly, the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council.
The Government of South Africa agrees to continue serving as Chair of the Kimberley Process during the first year of implementation.
The Social Development Authority of the Dominican Institute for Agriculture works with women and requires them to exercise the equal rights proclaimed by Act No. 55-97.
(a) Strengthening the exchange of information, in particular with regard to terrorist, terrorist organizations and sources of funds and other required information;
Concerned also at the links between corruption and other forms of crime, in particular organized crime and economic crime, including money-laundering,
The Working Group noted that, in any event, the matter might need to be considered by the Commission at its thirty-sixth session, to be held in Vienna from 30 June to 11 July 2003.
At the same time, however, the Committee is concerned that not all principals, teachers and parents are aware of the objectives of these reforms, especially in rural areas, and that the implementation of the regions is not consistent and has no mechanism to monitor and evaluate their implementation.
Children with disabilities
(b) Strengthen its efforts to reduce the number of children working in the formal and informal sectors, with special attention to children of less age;
The Committee recommends that the State party fully incorporate article 3 of the Convention in its legislation and practice, including in the area of child custody.
(b) Special assistance for children of single-parent families;
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Law on Marriage and Family (1998), which implements and promotes the concept of foster care as a means of reducing the number of children in shelters.
Most of the responses submitted (59 out of 104 replies) reported that disability organizations were sometimes involved in the planning and evaluation of medical care.
The often repeated statements are that they would be helpful in this process, but, as others have made in these hollow halls, they are no more than mere words.
The Government of Luxembourg is convinced that the noble task of maintaining peace must be based on a broad and complex concept of security.
Together, these factors often increase the demand for indoor heating and transport, which is one of the reasons for the high energy use and greenhouse gas emissions in the transport and residential sectors.
Figure 7b. Trends in greenhouse gas emissions by sector, 1990-2000
Parties reported on policies and measures in all sectors as required by the guidelines.
An in-depth review of national communications of Annex I Parties (by 31 March 2003) indicated that progress was being made in improving the estimation of the future role of the Kyoto International Mechanism and their inclusion in the projected simulations.
Norway indicated that, in the long term, precipitation may increase or decrease by 10 to 30 per cent.
The United Kingdom and the United States noted that they provided model data to national and international research communities.
Parties usually believe that the quality of data is acceptable.
Details of the modalities adopted by the Parties are provided in section VI.
Despite increasing technical assistance, the demand for direct United Nations observation of the elections has decreased.
Particular attention will be paid to legal issues, logistics and issues relating to how to choose the electoral system.
The mission will emphasize to the Congolese parties and to the countries of the region the importance of making progress in the holding of the proposed international conference on peace, security, democracy and development in the Great Lakes region.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is my first briefing to the Council on how to better protect civilians in armed conflict as the subject of the briefing.
Indeed, he is all committed to all of the work of the United Nations.
With regard to the link between terrorism and armed conflict, my country has always stated that it is an urgent issue that deserves further discussion.
Mr. Puharret (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): I would like to begin by expressing the pleasure of my delegations to see you, Sir, presiding over this meeting.
The European Union greatly appreciates and fully endorses the Security Council's commitment to the agenda for the protection of civilians and the establishment of a regular dialogue on this agenda.
We must therefore continue to emphasize that, while these issues must ultimately be addressed by Afghan national institutions, there is still a need for the further deployment of international security forces of a reasonable size and capable of displaying powerful forces in order to establish the necessary security environment and confidence that will make the Bonn process a natural end.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item.
The situation in Ituri was caused by the United Nations, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Government of Uganda.
I would like to commend the political will shown by the parties.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
10.30 a.m.−1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I would now like briefly to draw your attention to the recent activities and current work of the Monitoring Group, so that the members of the Council can understand the current state of affairs in the countries.
In conclusion, I would like to thank Ambassador Muñoz and his able team in the delegation of Chile, the Monitoring Group and the Secretariat for their outstanding efforts in the fight against terrorism to gradually improve this key United Nations tool.
We appreciate the significant steps taken by the Security Council and the Committee to enhance the effectiveness and accuracy of sanctions measures, to address humanitarian issues and to address transparency and due process.
There is therefore a whole of proposals.
I have the honour to transmit the summary of the fifth open-ended informal meeting on the prohibition of the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, which was convened as part of the Netherlands' efforts for an FMCT.
Languages of official documents of the International Trade Centre/UNCTAD/WTO Joint Advisory Group
Signature: Malaysia (9 December 2003)
We therefore believe that the paragraph is not in conformity with international law and German law and regret that we cannot accept it.
China appreciates the tireless efforts of the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Economic Community of West African States to move the peace process forward, and we have actively assessed the recent decision of the SADC summit on the issue of the economy, and we call on the international community to provide assistance to the SADC peacekeeping force.
• The price statistics programme was certified by ISO 9002; three other outputs were being requested for such certification;
(a) Personal data required by law, regulation or other authorization; and
Ninety-six per cent of the respondents confirmed that their statistical offices had been involved in international cooperation projects over the past five years, while 55 per cent of the respondents indicated that their statistical offices had only been involved in international cooperation projects as recipients, 11 per cent indicated their participation as donors, and 29 per cent of the respondents indicated their participation in international cooperation projects as donors and recipients.
He called on India, Israel and Pakistan to support universalization efforts and to accede to the Treaty as non-nuclear-weapon States.
Ibrahim Ahmed Khaled Al-Makadmeh
Agenda item 87: Environment and sustainable development (continued)
(d) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa (A/57/177)
L.2 Many countries of the African Group are facing transport problems, as can be seen from African countries' 2000 expenditures on freight.
UNCTAD should continue to provide policy-making assistance to developing countries in the area of e-commerce.
May I remind members that, in accordance with paragraph 7 of decision 34/401, the General Assembly decided that
Ms. Molaroni (San Marino): San Marino, as we did in the Third Committee, will participate in the consensus on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Third Committee adopted draft resolution I without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: I give the floor to explain their vote on the resolutions just adopted, and I give the floor to those representatives.
It was so decided (decision 58/540).
KFOR intercepted 29 attempted illegal cross-border incidents, detained 28 persons and subsequently handed them to the police of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
UNMEE's freedom of movement continues to be restricted in areas adjacent to the Temporary Security Zone, particularly in Sector Centre.
However, contemporary international claims practice has proved that certain organizations have been recognized as having legal qualifications representing all members of a group.
However, the financial situation of UNHCR had seriously affected the implementation of its strategy, since, according to paragraph 63 of the UNHCR report (A/58/12), UNHCR had to dispose of only half of the funds necessary to sustain its activities in 2003.
Summary records of the meetings of the Committee shall be prepared and distributed in English, French and Spanish.
List of speakers
The Committee shall be composed of 18 members elected in accordance with articles 28 to 34 of the Convention.
Subject to rule 38, the Secretary-General or his representative may make oral or written statements at meetings of the Committee or its subsidiary bodies.
Equally divided votes 126
If the Committee or the pre-session working group consider that the information contained in the State party's report is insufficient, the State concerned may be requested to provide additional information, as requested, and to indicate the deadline for submission.
Meetings and hearings 184
Establishment of working groups and designation of special rapporteurs for specific complaints 18
Rule 45
Procedure for admissibility
Filling of casual vacancies 201
The military leaders did not segregate the combatants and reverse their integration into the MLC forces.
The three men were later shot and killed by Major General José Zima.
As determined by the review, these functions should continue to be carried out by the Office of Central Support Services for the timely delivery of high-quality services, but should be accommodated in other areas of the Office.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 114)
Rule 17
The transaction numbers shall be designated by the registry of the opening transaction, and the transaction records relating to the transaction shall thereafter be maintained.
However, as these translation services are available in the local market at much lower cost, it is not feasible to calculate the full cost.
2.12 The Pension (Amendment) Act 2002
“Equality” kit: a reference package for primary school teachers, published in 1994.
10.45 In 2001, funding was provided for the “Special Initiative of the Programme for adults living in poverty” (SPIDAS).
The Act is comprehensive and addresses all employment-related issues, including access to employment, employment conditions, pay, promotion and vocational training.
Accordingly, the current right to adoption leave is 18 weeks for adoption and the optional eight weeks for adoption leave (unpaid).
The following table shows the amounts allocated to capital and staffing measures and the estimated number of child-care sites funded by this allocation.
The Ministry has also funded a voluntary organization that aims to reduce violence against male families in Irish society by means of a confidential telephone service, which supports and challenges men, requires them to recognize their own violence and assume responsibility for its cessation.
(b) Maternity leave with pay or with comparable social benefits without loss of former work, seniority or social benefits;
Article 18
The updated list will be sent to the central authority responsible for border control whenever and when the list is updated.
However, the outlook for 2003 continues to be influenced by uncertainties in the current global economy.
While raising the level of education and health of people is a good goal in itself, their positive impact on the overall development of a country is extremely far-reaching.
Paragraph 9
The initiative is a direct response to the unmet goals of the environmental action plan proposed by the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development in 1992, chapter 40 of Agenda 21, which will assist the international community in assessing the progress of some of the environmental objectives identified in the plan.
ESCAP will hold an annual meeting of the regional working group on space science and technology applications in Hanoi in 2003.
Under variant B, a signature requirement may be met if the “data message” contains “electronic signature that is both appropriate and reliable”.
Until recently, WHO had collected data from sources such as the National Health Survey.
On the basis of additional information received, the Committee noted that the savings were a direct result of several overexpenditures and underexpenditures, including $1,298,900 for the acquisition of prefabricated facilities, $629,200 for alteration, renovation and construction, $528,600 for the acquisition of electric power generators, $538,600 for sanitation and cleaning supplies, $310,800 for public utilities, $142,700 for other projects and $123,000.
The role of micro-credit as an alternative financing option for high-interest loans was assessed.
At the end of the biennium 2004-2005, the Chamber is expected to complete the following work during the biennium: 12 trials, 12 pre-trial proceedings, 6 pre-appeal procedures, 8 appeals to the final decisions of the Trial Chamber and all interlocutory appeals arising from the above work.
In addition to those conflicts of great concern, despite good intentions and resolutions in various forums that began with the Millennium Summit, there are still two major issues that the international community has yet to address boldly.
Mr. Tozouan (Togo) (spoke in French): We have gathered again this year to evaluate our actions and to identify steps that can infuse our Organization with new lives.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his personal concern for the well-being of my country.
Human resources management
16 Exception reports based on certain pre-defined criteria will certainly be more effective in monitoring compliance with human resources policies, guidelines and practices.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue to give high priority to the consolidation and strengthening of emergency preparedness and response mechanisms, including early warning activities in the humanitarian field, in order to, inter alia, take effective action to identify all human rights violations resulting in mass exoduses;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations towards the people of Western Sahara, as provided for in the settlement plan;
During the reporting period, there has been no significant change in the status of the Organization in terms of funding or other international NGOs with consultative status.
The Ministry of Women and Children's Affairs is responsible for the administration of the Programme for the Development of Vulnerable Groups.
Various studies have been conducted to evaluate news coverage and mass media programmes from a gender-sensitive perspective.
Draft report of the Commission
These specific gender considerations were taken into account in the development of health-related programmes.
Education has again become vital.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Meeting of co-sponsors on the draft resolution on human rights and terrorism (agenda item 117 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Algeria)
African Group plenary meeting
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets that two important tax concessions (as incentives for the employment of persons with disabilities and commended by the Committee's previous concluding observations) have now been cancelled.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives: report of the Third Committee (A/58/508/Add.3)
It also sought closer integration into the European Union and hoped to sign a Stabilization and Association Agreement with the European Union in 2004.
We welcome the final efforts to reach this consensus.
Human rights defenders
The draft resolution, as orally revised, was adopted without a vote.
To this end, the State party should take appropriate measures to inform the public of remedies available to victims of discrimination or xenophobia.
The Committee notes that, despite constitutional and legal guarantees, the indigenous and Afro-Ecuadorian population and members of other ethnic minorities continue to suffer de facto discrimination.
The State party should include in its next periodic report detailed information on land ownership of indigenous communities and remedies available to indigenous peoples seeking compensation for environmental damage to their traditional lands.
The Committee emphasizes the State party's responsibility to assist “released tenants” and recommends that the State party increase its efforts to compensate and resettle affected families.
In order to give greater prominence to the work of those bodies, the Committee requests the State party to include information on the examination of cases of racial discrimination in their next periodic report.
The Committee encourages the State party to review the law in order to define the scope of the concept more clearly.
Despite the Committee's repeated requests, Papua New Guinea has not fulfilled its obligations under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention by submitting neither a periodic report nor any additional information requested by the Committee on the situation in Bougainville.
In view of the lack of statistical data on the composition of Norwegian society, the Committee recommends that the State party provide statistical estimates of population composition in its subsequent reports, as requested in paragraph 8 of the guidelines for the preparation of reports, and draw the State party's attention to the Committee's general recommendation No. 8 on the self-identification of members of particular racial and ethnic groups.
The Committee recommends that the State party's reports be made available to the public at the time of their submission, and that the Committee's observations on those reports be similarly publicized.
Addendum
She would like clarification from the Chairman of the Advisory Committee.
Invites Parties included in Annex I to the Convention to make available on their national web sites national inventory submissions containing national inventory reports and common reporting formats, and to make available on the web site the exact web site of those publications to the secretariat;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 21 November 2002, at 3 p.m.
This commitment, in particular the inclusion of space science in Malaysia's Third Vision Plan, is a key area of activity in building a knowledge-based society.
Finally, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda firmly supports the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and expresses its condemnation of the letters that have been heeded by the Permanent Representative of the Government of Kinshasa to the United Nations.
(d) Maintaining the necessary vigilance in considering assistance to space launch rockets projects in any other State to prevent the development of weapons of mass destruction delivery systems, taking into account that such programmes could be used to conceal ballistic missile programmes;
The approach of the party is likely to be an attempt to divide the international community that is fully united, committed and committed to the implementation of the Convention.
1.62 Under non-post objects of expenditure, provision is made for the travel of the Ombudsman and his staff; general operating expenses for the maintenance of communications, office automation and other equipment for office staff; supplies and supplies; and the purchase of office automation equipment.
The Intergovernmental Working Group considered the draft recommendations at its 11th to 14th meetings, held on 30 and 31 January 2003.
7 As the amendment of 17 December 1963 (resolution 1991 A (XVIII)) entered into force on 31 August 1965, the General Assembly increased the number of non-permanent members of the Security Council from 6 to 10.
10 Mr. Jun Yamazaki (Japan) resigned to the post of vacant post until 31 December 2004.
* Term of office expires on 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General A/56/656
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 88)
In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 45/175 of 18 December 1990 and 46/140 of 17 December 1991, the Third Committee of the Assembly considered this question biennially in a single year.
Thirdly, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen its role as coordinator of the programmes and agencies of the United Nations system that fall within its purview, as well as its subsidiary bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Sustainable Development.
The Task Force and the secretariat of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction are the main institutional mechanism of the Strategy and have been consolidating each other's functions.
The Kenya Family Planning Association is a voluntary non-governmental organization founded in 1962 as a pioneer of the Kenya Family Planning Movement.
Please describe the organizational structure or mechanisms in place in your Government to identify and investigate Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or the Taliban-related financial networks within your jurisdiction, or those who provide support to them or individuals, groups, undertakings or entities associated with them.
The meeting was chaired by Gert Rosenthal (Guatemala).
There is no doubt that effective coordination between the United Nations and the African Union and regional actors and organizations in Africa must also be provided with continuous financial assistance in order to enable those actors and institutions to fulfil their difficult peacekeeping responsibilities in various regions and countries in Africa.
United Nations Children's Fund
While 69 per cent of responding States indicated that national policies provided equal access to services for all, regardless of sex, women and girls continued to face a wide range of economic, legal and social barriers that increased their vulnerability to HIV/AIDS.
By 2005, the proportion of infants infected with HIV was reduced by 20 per cent and by 50 per cent by 2010 to ensure that 80 per cent of pregnant women received antenatal care and were provided with services that reduce the risk of mother-to-child transmission.
For countries to sustain an effective response in the long term, strategies must be developed to build and maintain institutional capacity.
A review of existing practices within the United Nations system shows that there are the following new features in how to use evaluation of lessons learned at the country level:
These workshops and meetings were held in conjunction with the annual sessions of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
In response to this important expansion and in recognition of the increased responsibilities of WMO, the fifty-fourth executive session of the Executive Board of WMO agreed to make the WMO space programme a priority.
New strategies were required to promote the availability and accessibility of data, so that observing systems and programmes would be beneficial for the application of meteorological sciences and researchers in addressing global environmental problems.
As the Secretary-General's report shows, significant progress has been made in the implementation of the United Nations mandate in East Timor.
These are: the United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs (Department for Disarmament Affairs), the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the World Food Programme (WFP), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR).
(b) (ii) at any other time it is participating in any of the activities to be undertaken in the course of the performance of the contract of carriage, provided that the loss, damage or delay occurs within the time of such activity.
The second alternative was chosen and the last sentence was placed in square brackets.
One of the concerns raised in paragraph 103 of A/CN.9/526 was that subparagraph (iv) (now (d)) should be deleted in order to preserve the unilateral nature of any instructions that the controlling party might give to the carrier, and not to modify the terms of the contract of carriage, which required the agreement of the parties to the contract.
OIOS also found that there was no succession plan for the appointment or replacement of investment management staff.
The specific purpose of the Working Group was to test and analyse the procedures used by other countries experiencing such situations.
I would like to point out four points.
UNIDO should focus on identifying projects that improve corporate social responsibility in the developing world that would lead to significant increases in productivity and sales; it should help develop clear and realistic approaches to corporate social responsibility for SMEs in the developing world, provide training and tools for SMEs and promote business linkages.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the Board, corrections may be submitted within seven days of the receipt of the record or of the closing date of the session, whichever is later.
For documents that have not yet been issued, an estimate of the date of submission and issuance is provided.
To create jobs and work towards the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, ILO has implemented international programmes to help countries develop action plans to promote women's employment within the framework of their poverty eradication strategies.
Transport to and from airports 69-70 8
He regretted that the meeting had not reached an agreement on the reduction of agricultural tariffs and agricultural subsidies, and that, once it had been reached, it would generate $50 billion in income for poor or affluent countries, which would help to save 144 million people around the world from poverty by 2015.
We hope that the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development will create a new situation and maximize the use of international cooperation in order to increase investment for the implementation of development projects and plans.
At the same time, a bill on the elimination of racial and ethnic discrimination was being studied.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that one of the Department's priorities was the implementation of the revised Forest Act (Act No. 97/017 of 8 August 1997) and the development and approval of a strategic plan of action, including the strengthening of cooperation with customs officials, the establishment of a joint patrol and the establishment of a national forestry sector observatory to improve the management of natural heritage and the protection of biological diversity.
Paragraph 4
Invites relevant United Nations bodies, including those at the national level, to give due consideration to the Declaration and the report of the Special Representative, within their mandates and work, and requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to bring the report of the Special Representative to the attention of all relevant United Nations bodies, including at the country level;
She also welcomed the Joint Ministerial Statement issued following the ministerial segment of the forty-sixth session of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs and the various international efforts to implement the Plan of Action for the Implementation of the Guiding Principles on Drug Demand Reduction.
In particular, she highlighted the proposals presented by ministers on national drug control strategies and the corresponding measures aimed at achieving a significant reduction in drug abuse by 2008.
The complaint
She shared the concern expressed by the previous speaker that 44 per cent of the recommendations of the ICAO Technical Cooperation Bureau had not been implemented and urged the Secretariat to accelerate the pace of full implementation of the remaining recommendations.
Further clarification was needed on the recommendation that no final performance report (para.
The United States delegation would like to see the Inspector's technical analysis of the proposal and would like the Advisory Committee to endorse it.
(b) Inclusion of user groups in the development and implementation of management plans under the common management system.
Other matters
• The Bureau would consist of five existing positions: the Chairman, the Vice-Chairman and the Rapporteur; the Chairman of the Legal Subcommittee; and the Chairman of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
He urged developed countries to increase their gross national product (GNP) for official development assistance, to reduce the external debt burden of developing countries and to open their markets to developing countries so that they could integrate into international economic and social development, benefit from globalization and close the gap between them and developed countries.
In order to achieve maximum cooperation between the Eurasian Economic Community and the United Nations, the relationship between the two sides should be strengthened on a stable basis, and the granting of observer status to the Community in the General Assembly would contribute to that goal, strengthen cooperation between the two sides and enhance the capacity of the parties to secure world peace and regional security.
Recalling further its resolution 2002/25 of 24 July 2002 and other relevant resolutions of the United Nations,
The relevant Libyan authorities are also studying the Optional Protocol on the involvement of children in armed conflict with a view to its accession.
The Controller had just reminded the Committee that it had received comprehensive written clarifications at its informal meetings.
The Committee notes that, although the report contains substantial information on the legal provisions in force since the submission of the previous report, it lacks information on the practical implementation of the Convention.
Introduction
The report and the responses are contained in CAT/C/75.
In accordance with rule 111, paragraph 5, of its rules of procedure, the Committee urges the State party to investigate fully the facts that have occurred on 15 April 1995, prosecute and punish the responsible person, to provide the complainant with an affirmative response, including fair and adequate compensation, and to inform the Committee within 90 days of the date on which the present decision is communicated.
His right footwear was seriously injured as a result of his tortureer's throwing at his right foot.
4.11 With regard to the report of Amnesty International of 3 July 2001 (see paragraph 2.8), the State party submits that, at the beginning of the report, the organization clearly stated that the report did not determine whether the complainant would be at risk because of his activities prior to his flight, since the organization was unable to carry out the necessary investigations.
7.2 The issue before the Committee is whether the State party has violated its obligation under article 3 of the Convention to expel or return the complainant to the country where there are substantial grounds for believing that a person would be in danger of being subjected to torture in another State.
The facts as submitted by the complainant
4.3 With regard to the complainant's claim under article 3, the State party argues that the isolated cases of ill-treatment in Spanish prisons do not prove systematic torture in the country.
The Council notes the intention of the contact group to make a substantive contribution to the periodic review and to present its assessment to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
The Guide addresses the relative applicability of various aspects of insolvency law in such cases.
Equatorial Guinea has repeatedly expressed its position in international forums and forums, and the President of the Republic, during the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly and in commemoration of the first anniversary of the terrorist attacks on the United States of America on 11 September 2001, met in New York with the President of the United States of America, George W. Bush, in person expressing that position, emphasizing the need to assist, support and protect Equatorial Guinea from serious threats posed by international terrorism and transnational crime.
Jamaica
Security Council
On the other hand, the first registered secured creditor could have protected itself by verifying whether the secured creditor had possession of the encumbered assets when the secured creditor obtained its security right.
An alternative or complementary approach would be to require the identification of a secured creditor with an assigned act to include the assignee in a registered notice with the person in order to avoid situations in which a third-party creditor would be involved.
By limiting the level of detail of information on the relationship between the parties concerned in the public records, a notice-based registration system strengthens the degree of confidentiality of the relationship with the secured creditor.
However, by transferring legal control over the performance of a third party's obligation to the secured creditor, it may also be achieved in a manner that is equivalent to a waiver of possession.
The consultants worked in drafting the guidelines with the support and guidance of experts.
Reaffirming the view of the World Conference on Human Rights, held in Vienna in 1993, that there is an urgent need to eliminate the phenomenon of deprivation and human rights violations,
See chap. ]
Deeply concerned that women belonging to minorities, indigenous women, refugee and internally displaced women, migrant women, women living in rural or remote communities, poor women, women in institutions or in detention, girls, women with disabilities, older women, widows and women in situations of armed conflict are often particularly targeted or particularly vulnerable to violence, while other women suffer discrimination,
Urges States to consider ratifying or acceding to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its two Protocols - the Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Sea and Air and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children;
States should work towards a global security environment of cooperation and mutual trust that would guarantee universal security for all members of the international community, thereby eliminating the motivation of States to acquire, develop and retain nuclear weapons.
In many cases, the Trade, Environment and Development Programme uses project activities as indicators of achievement rather than goal-based indicators.
24 Oceania Flash, 23 October 2002 and Economist Intelligence Unit, Viewswire, 18 December 2002.
A thorough review of the information provided by Iraq was also carried out not only during the reporting period.
The peaceful settlement of inter-State disputes through negotiations was an internationally accepted principle and reflected the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations, and his delegation hoped that the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom would continue to engage in a constructive dialogue on a peaceful and just settlement of the question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas).
I should be grateful if you would have this reply circulated as a document of the United Nations for use by all representatives in the consideration of the item under agenda item 11 (a).
The estimates for 2003/04 include the cost of implementing the proposal to replace 132 computers.
Annex I
(a) Status of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol;
He noted that LDCs that had managed to diversify their exports to reduce their poverty levels successfully, demonstrated the link between poverty levels in one country and their ability to diversify their production structures, and stressed the importance of the country's export structure for its development efforts.
At its closing plenary meeting, on 4 December 2002, the Council adopted agreed conclusions on agenda item 2.
The meeting was opened by the President of the Council.
European Community
Despite some progress over the past year, the Special Rapporteur outlined the continuing concerns, while setting out the priorities to be implemented.
In 2003, more than 3 million people worldwide died of HIV/AIDS, and an estimated 5 million people were infected with the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and reached 40 million people worldwide.
While the initial HIV/AIDS pandemic is considered primarily a health issue, it is increasingly recognized today as a development, security and human rights issue.
The information and knowledge generated by this collaboration have contributed to the recognition that many factors related to women's subordination increase the risk of HIV infection.
Working Group on International Liability for injurious consequences arising out of acts not prohibited by international law
Fragmentation of international law: difficulties arising from the diversification and expansion of international law.
The Government has been slow and limited in establishing an effective and reliable justice system.
The events of January 2003 placed an enormous burden on the emerging defence and police forces in Timor-Leste, which resulted in procedural violations of the law and constitute a violation of human rights.
The view was also expressed that, in its analysis, the report should have reflected more appropriately the core strategy for achieving the Millennium Development Goals adopted by the United Nations system in June 2002, as well as the various aspects of the Millennium Project, since they were a comprehensive framework at the global and national levels to facilitate joint efforts by countries and development institutions to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
General Assembly
(g) UNRWA Advisory Committee: proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003;
Table 11 shows a decrease in the budget resulting from the implementation of the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on non-post objects of expenditure (including the recommendations of the Committee on posts and the effect of its recommendations on the computer replacement cycle on furniture and equipment and general operating expenses).
II.10 The Advisory Committee recommends that the current arrangements for support to the Security Council be reviewed in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 to streamline those arrangements and, where appropriate, to consolidate support capacity, in order to enhance the efficiency of activities and to make full use of staff and other support services (A/57/7/Add.17, para.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the level of information technology resources currently proposed for recovery in 2002-2003 was $480,600 (unrecosted) and $113,800 (see paras. 108-113 above).
In its consideration of the budget, the Commission felt that the ECE secretariat had been proactive in making recommendations and discussing the programme of meetings and publications with representatives of ECE.
Section 24 Human rights
Resource growth includes a recovery of approximately $2 million (unrecosted).
In March 2003, an independent Ministry of Human Rights was established to replace the human rights sector that had previously been under the jurisdiction of the Minister of Justice.
It reported that its HIV/AIDS prevention and control plan was coordinated with the host country's national AIDS programme and refugee civil society.
2003/15 Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
In addition, with regard to terrorist acts committed outside Costa Rica, or if such acts are not carried out in good faith, articles 274 and 374 of the Criminal Code provide that persons who create a State or an international organization that is a terrorist activity shall be punished by law.
In this regard, the Act intends to amend articles 274 and 374 of the Criminal Code relating to illegal organizations.
For its part, the legal status of the Foundation is established in accordance with Act No. 5338 of 28 August 1973, and article 1 of the Foundation Act recognizes “the proper legal personality of the Foundation, such as the non-profit entity of the public service, the deployment of fixed assets for the purposes of or assistance in education, charitable, artistic, scientific activities and all activities that promote social welfare”.
The Committee urges the State party to increase its efforts to increase support for single-parent families.
At the same time, according to the agreement reached at the meeting of the Chief of Staff in Pretoria in March 2003, elements of the Congolese armed forces currently deployed in Kinshasa will be placed in the barracks and monitored by MONUC military observers.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee was composed of the following 23 Member States:
Review
In this connection, the Special Committee notes that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 provides resources for the programme of work of the Special Committee for 2004-2005, based on the number of activities approved in 2003, without prejudice to the decisions to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Representatives of regional organizations
Many Territories have made great strides in political, constitutional, economic and social development and have made great strides in their autonomy.
It was noted that the economic situation in some regions had resulted in an increase in the number of immigrants to coca-growing areas, while in response to drug law enforcement efforts, illicit drug processing points were moving from rural to suburbs.
At the same meeting, the Commission considered a draft resolution entitled “Measures to promote the exchange of information on new features and substances used in drug abuse” (E/CN.7/2003/L.10), sponsored by Benin, Egypt, Greece (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union), Switzerland and the United States of America.
(a) Changes in the scope of control of substances;
Solomone Naivalu, Minister of Health of Fiji
• Allow access to all documents considered relevant to nuclear activities (e.g. progress reports, communication between government organizations and implementing organizations, minutes of meetings and computer files) and permit measures to be taken in respect of those documents in order to provide proper forensic analysis in the field or elsewhere (e.g. removal, reproduction).
C. Attendance
Communication No. 933/2000: Adrian Mundyo Busyo, Thomas Osthudi Wongodi, René Sibu Matubuka et al. v. Democratic Republic of the Congo (Views adopted on 31 July 2003, seventy-eighth session) 228
The Human Rights Committee, established under article 28 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 1988, the Zambian High Court found that he had continued his detention without grounds.
3.2 The author also considers that article 14, paragraph 3, of the Covenant was violated, as criminal proceedings continued for more than 15 years.
6.1 On 12 September 2002, the State party responded to the Committee's request that the date on which the author's son was executed and the State party be informed of the submission of the communication.
7.2 With regard to the admissibility of the author's claim on behalf of his own, his adult daughter and the Foreign Sun, the Committee, taking into account a consistent precedent, stated that, in the absence of a mandate, the parties must produce convincing grounds for sending the communication on behalf of others.
On 20 July 1999, the Full Chamber granted the Minister's appeal against the judgement of 15 February 1999, arguing that the decision of the Court of Appeal in the “this extremely difficult case”, although “contradictory”, was frank in evidence and weighed against each other's incompatibility.
The State party adds that it is clear that the danger of a violation of article 7 must be real and that the inevitable and foreseeable consequence of the imminent return of a person is that his or her rights may be violated.
Communication No. 933/2000: Adrian Mundyo Busyo, Thomas Osthudi Wongodi, René Sibu Matubuka et al. v. Democratic Republic of the Congo* (Views adopted on 31 July 2003, seventy-eighth session)*
For this reason, you have no right to submit a pension under this Act.”
Military officers in this area during the period 1990-1991 were Amarasinghe, who died shortly after a terrorist attack.
The State party thus provides the means and facilities for the wrongful act.
6.4 The State party's failure to recognize the age discrimination legislation alleged to exist is a response to the POC's findings on the author's case.
The body authorized by the Convention to `receive and consider a communication is the Committee, not the Committee.
The facts as presented by the author 3
Author's comments on the State party's observations
They noted that the State party did not refute these arguments in its observations.
On 4 July 2001, the High Court granted bail to Cabal, but on 2 August 2001 it was set aside for bail orders in appeal.
In 1989, a detention centre for all detainees was constructed in Melbourne, but six weeks after the opening of the detainees, the new detainees must be held at the reception centre in Cobur.
Subsequently, he and the other members of the organization were aware that the relevant educational legislation (article 157 of the Education Act and article 5 of the Education Act (the Presidential Decree on Curriculum Materials) prohibited the publication of the national textbooks in secondary school.
3.8 The author adds that the Norwegian law on the right to use since ancient times is in itself a violation of article 27 in accordance with the interpretation and practice of the Norwegian courts.
On the contrary, the interests of the Sami people have been guaranteed through the regime of separation if they have not previously established adequate grazing rights in reindeer herding areas.
On 4 February 2000, the committees reached an agreement to advise their respective groups.
However, the author did not provide information, and it was therefore impossible to see whether the Supreme Court's finding in the Aursunden case of 1997 that the Supreme Court had no prejudice against the Sami people in 1897.
On 2 February 1997, he was formally charged with murdering Mr. M, and on 7 February 1997, he was held in pretrial detention.
2.3 According to the author, the confirmation receipt by the postal service shows that the date on which the application was made to the court was Friday, 24 June 1994, the last day of the application.
2.17 On 2 December 1998, the judgement of the Criminal Court found the author guilty of the alleged offence and sentenced him to six months' imprisonment, to be suspended and ordered him to pay a fine of 2,000 francs to the complainant.
The Court has also failed to rule on this request, but according to the State party, there is a reasonable expectation of success in this request, since, in domestic law, negligence has always been linked to an unlawful administrative decision and the Government has a legal responsibility for it (the Administrative Court of Justice, Driancurt, 26 January 1973, p. 77).
In this connection, the Court of Appeal is satisfied that “the author is no longer trying to remember and can give greater consideration to the present place in his life, such as the place of his victim in his life, because of the acceptance of the Clorazil drug treatment” and that “the possibility of recidivism and harm to society would be minimal if the author insisted on the use of the Clorazil” and “the success of the treatment of the Clorazil”.
The author draws attention to the Committee's decision in Berry v. Jamaica (No. 330/1998), Views adopted on 7 April 1994, and the decision in Griffin v. Spain (No. 493/1992), Views adopted on 4 April 1995.
Sophia and Bulgarian Electricity Company, International Permanent Court of Justice, Judgment Series, A/B No. 79, 1999.
The substantive cooperation required requires, first and foremost, Iraq's obligation to declare all weapons of mass destruction programmes, either to declare the items and activities in question for destruction or to provide evidence to facilitate the conclusion that no proscribed items or activities have been present.
Our Iraqi adversaries say nothing to be banned and, if there is evidence to the contrary, they should be regarded as innocent in the absence of evidence.
A clear example is Iraq's declaration of heavy explosives HMX, which states that some of the HMX seized by the Agency in Iraq at the end of 1998 have been made available to the Cement Plant as an industrial mining explosive.
Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules and procedures of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and the practice of the Commission on Sustainable Development, the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests and the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests, representatives of intergovernmental organizations with relevant expertise and major groups may participate [in the capacity of observers] in [the activities of the Ad Hoc Group of Experts]/[and continue to participate in the final [three] [two] days of the meeting of the Commission's first [second] [two] [two] day of its meeting of its first [two] [two] [two] [two] [two] day of its meeting of its meetings] day of its duration] [two] day of its first [two] [two] [two] [two] [two] [two] [two] [two] [two] days] days] days] days] days of its capacity] days of its duration] days of its meeting of its meeting of its duration] days of its duration] days of its meetings of its first [two] days].
At present, 60 of the 165 districts in the south and south-east are considered to have high to medium risk.
E. Human rights questions
In addition, efforts are needed to promote integrated and coordinated economic and social development, which is essential for the development of the entire human race.
If the State does not guarantee its right to life, these communities will not be able to realize the right to cultural, social and economic integrity provided for in the Constitution”.
There are also enterprises that are confronted with popular protests and political resistance, or that consider the costs of engaging in sustainable development centred on human rights to be too expensive, prefer to stop, cancel projects or refrain from investing.
Thus, in such cases, article 25 of the Money-Laundering Act and article 180 of the Code of Criminal Procedure are also entirely free to freeze without delay funds relating to terrorist acts or terrorist organizations.
As indicated in paragraph 1 of the memorandum and related statements, at the time of the meeting of the Credentials Committee, credentials had been received from 40 States in the form provided for in rule 24 of the rules of procedure for the representatives attending the second session of the Assembly of States Parties, namely, Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, Fiji, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Jordan, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, Luxembourg, Luxembourg, Luxembourg, the Marshall Islands, Mauritius, New Zealand, New Zealand, New Zealand, Mauritius, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Switzerland, Switzerland, Poland, Switzerland, Switzerland, Switzerland, Poland, Serbia and Uruguay.
United Nations
Article 8, paragraph 3, of the Act on Non-Governmental Organizations (voluntary associations and funds) provides that aliens and stateless persons may participate in non-governmental organizations operating in Azerbaijan, as Azerbaijani citizens.
Private initiatives in support of agriculture.
Reaffirms that everyone has the right to participate freely in the cultural life of the community, to enjoy the arts and to share in scientific progress and the benefits that accrue therefrom;
Under the Fund, projects must be managed by women, and they must be innovative and not compete with other similar enterprises in the same field.
The first class was opened in June 2001 by the Scandinavian-Baltic Cultural Management Training Platform (NBP) and the European Network of Cultural Management Centres (ENCATC).
This is a project in two urban sports and recreation sectors.
Paragraph 1
A number of e-business processes (OECD 2003) that may be of interest to countries have been identified and some definitions have been refined:
We will explore the possibility of using microdata links between e-commerce and technology censuses and other production censuses.
World Bank (2003).
The EU attaches particular importance to the work of the Review Committee.
The Chairman: The Committee will now proceed to take action on the draft decision contained in document A/C.1/58/L.17, under cluster 9, entitled “Disarmament and international security”.
Step 3: FMCT negotiations
Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Working Group with the services and assistance required to carry out its work.
Consideration of reports 23 9
No legislative provision has been made for the inclusion of crimes of racist origin as crimes of racist motivation, nor does it provide that the courts take racist motivation into account when deciding on those crimes.
Children with disabilities
The Committee welcomes the introduction of strategies aimed at strengthening the right of Roma children to health care and education (for example, through health and educational intermediaries and in the form of counselling in the Roma language).
A special review on gender equality recommended the development of a policy for gender mainstreaming in the country and recommended that such a policy be tested in selected projects.
Most of them were treated at primary level or in hospitals for acute illness.
The Labour Code recognizes single-business unions, multi-business unions, independent workers' unions and temporary trade unions.
If a woman worker is sick after childbirth, her post-natal leave should be extended, and the specific time for the extension is determined by the department providing it with preventive or curative medical care.
Following the opening of the 800 Phone Programme, a number of tasks and actions have been undertaken and the tasks and actions have been continuously assessed and expanded and improved.
In 2000, dengue fever was also included in the mandatory list of disease announcements.
As a result of this support and other forms of support and incentives, the number of registered students in the subsidized sector increased by 278,611 between 1994 and 1998, indicating an increase of 10 per cent.
These schools also benefit from being the focus of the National Assistance Programme.
(Percentage)
“17. Requests the Secretary-General to facilitate the organization of ancillary meetings of participating non-governmental organizations and professional organizations of the Eleventh Congress, as well as meetings of professional and geographical interest groups, in accordance with past practice, and to take appropriate measures to encourage the participation of the academic research community in the Eleventh Congress;
Many indigenous representatives discussed common education issues, including the maintenance of school enrolment, achievement and graduation rates for students throughout compulsory and non-mandatory education.
We commend the establishment by the United Nations of the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on the integrated follow-up to the United Nations Conference to coordinate and coordinate the implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields.
Preparations are under way for the annual meeting of States parties in November.
This strategy should overcome any gaps and constraints in the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Declaration also recognized the need for developing and least developed countries in this area to receive more technical assistance and capacity-building support, including policy analysis and development, to enable them to better evaluate the impact of strengthening multilateral cooperation on their development policies and objectives, as well as on human development and institutions, and in this context, it pledged to cooperate with other relevant intergovernmental organizations, including UNCTAD, through appropriate regional or bilateral channels.
For the purposes of this instrument,
Warning and risk education should be given to affected communities as early as possible.
Most border checkpoints can use these information by satellite.
The signature of the present document by the parties, neighbouring States and the United Nations means consent to the provisions of this plan.
Between 1990 and 1999, the index of enrolment in primary school-age enrolment in developing countries rose from 0.87 to 0.92, and the number of secondary school-age enrolment rose from 0.75 to 0.89.
This discrepancy is not limited to a particular age group, but the evidence discussed in the present report concerns only adults.
In developing countries, disparities in health-care knowledge and behaviour are fundamental causes of disparities in infant mortality rates in education.
e Data refer to students (students) and do not include students (pre-university students).
(i) Parliamentary documentation: preparation and submission of documents on the organization of work of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary organs, as well as of the ad hoc bodies and special sessions organized under the auspices of the United Nations, including the preliminary list, the provisional agenda and final agenda and annotations, the list of supplementary items, the memorandum by the Secretary-General on the organization of the work of the General Assembly, the report of the General Committee to the General Assembly, the status of the status of documentation for processing and issuance; and the reports on the resolutions and decisions on the resolutions and decisions on the resolutions and the resolutions and decisions on the resolutions and the Council;
The strategy for the biennium is to strengthen the function of providing and compiling reference information in order to minimize delays in the processing of documentation.
Subprogramme 2
All of these acts are contrary to the resolutions adopted by the international community, which state the illegal nature of those acts and demand that Israel withdraw from the land, but the Israeli authorities do not.
My delegation also appreciates the commendable action taken by the United Nations to mitigate the impact of natural disasters on human society through the coordinated efforts of the international community and to pay particular attention to the needs of developing countries in this process.
The special session on children not only provides us with an opportunity to review the progress made since 1990, but also provides us with an opportunity to further commit ourselves to making the world a better place for children.
These include: HIV/AIDS, child trafficking and commercial sexual exploitation of children, maternal and neonatal mortality, and child malnutrition.
What is the success of the 500 million children still living in extreme poverty; 100 million children are out of school and more are under-education; some 150 million children in developing countries suffer from malnutrition and 11 million children under five die every year from preventable diseases?
The action plan is comprehensive and includes strategies aimed at prevention, implementation and implementation, protection and repatriation, return and reintegration.
The approved posts at the Professional level required for 2003 are shown in annex II.
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held an informal meeting to discuss its report on its mission to the region.
Summary of the activities of the expert mission
Answer:
I have received a corresponding letter from the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Dominica, Eritrea, Ghana, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Mali, Malta, the Netherlands, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Paraguay, Portugal, Qatar, Rwanda, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Ukraine and Zimbabwe joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Recognizes that the international economic, commercial and financial fields are closely linked to the implementation of the right to development, stresses in this regard the need to broaden the international decision-making base on development issues, to fill the gap in the organization and to strengthen the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and stresses the importance of greater and greater participation of developing countries and economies in transition in international economic decision-making and norm-setting;
Calls upon States to pay particular attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including through positive measures, in order to guarantee the full realization of the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health;
Decides to consider this question at its sixtieth session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Deeply concerned about the violence, racism and xenophobia and other forms of discrimination and inhuman and degrading treatment of migrants, in particular women and children, in different parts of the world,
Recommendation
In addition, interaction is becoming more closely related, and more existing freight forwarding companies seek to establish alliances with shipping companies or other transport companies.
E. Future activities: implications for trade facilitation
Article 14 Part III of the Criminal Code provides that criminal legislation in the Republic of Tajikistan is in force, regardless of the provisions of the law of the place of the crime, if the acts are committed against the public on board an aircraft flying the flag of the Republic of Tajikistan or aircraft that are marked and legally navigable.
Does any relevant bilateral treaty to which Tajikistan is a party constitute an extraditable offence in relation to offences under the relevant international conventions and protocols?
15.20 Administrative guidance and management are the responsibility of the Executive Director, whose offices include the New York Liaison Office.
(b) Proposed organization of work (A/AC.265/2003/L.2);
(Signed) Inocencio Arias
The investments required may include specific and specific assets, which may result in a residual cost and expand transaction costs.
See International Institute for Environment and Development, op. cit.
The Chairman made a statement.
The legislation of Slovenia obliges all State bodies, in particular the Ministry of Defence, the intelligence service and private security companies, to cooperate in the fight against kidnapping.
Members called on both parties to cooperate fully with MONUC and the third party verification mechanism.
Other funds
Other related matters
Human resources management and payroll systems
As the financial oversight functions of the Department of Operations and the Finance Division overlap, the division of financial responsibility between the two sectors has increased the difficulty of coordination.
Gender-disaggregated statistics on the use of radio stations will also be very important, given that the home does not have access to radio.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
Indeed, differences of opinion are a goal that the Iraqi leadership seeks.
It is also for these reasons that I can say that any decision taken by the people of Iraq is acceptable to Turkey, provided that it is democratically and through the participation of all.
Note by the Secretariat*
Many Parties estimated that they could not meet Kyoto targets even if the latest measures identified in the late 1990s were adopted.
Affirms that intercultural dialogue essentially enriches a common understanding of human rights and affirms the important benefits of encouraging and developing international contacts and cooperation in the field of culture;
General debate
Some delegations expressed the view that the responsibilities and circumstances of those commonly referred to as “non-State actors” should be examined.
However, some delegations were of the view that the perpetrators who agreed to provide information that would help to determine the truth should be given special treatment.
By comparison, 16 countries made indicative pledges for 2001.
Let us work together so that this day will soon come with the concrete efforts of this Committee and other multilateral frameworks, in full cooperation, in particular through the full political will and demonstrated national priorities displayed by the world's capitals.
Secondly, the media widely reported that the report of the Monitoring Group contained a worrying fact that Al-Qaida had decided to use chemical and biological weapons.
The next item will be discussed immediately upon the conclusion of the discussion of a item, if time is allowed.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and place;
(a) The meetings of the seminar shall be held in public unless the President decides that, in exceptional circumstances, a closed meeting is required.
Clearly, there can be no real lasting peace in the Middle East without the settlement of Israel's relations with the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The level of development and achievement will depend on positive developments in the overall security situation and the involvement of the international community.
Mr. Vasiliev (Bulgaria): At the outset, I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this important meeting on the security situation in Afghanistan, which gave us the opportunity to hear so excellent briefings by Ambassador West, Ambassador Brown and Mr. Guéhenno.
(d) Using best medical findings to improve treatment programmes, conducting careful assessments, effective case management and adequate follow-up support;
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements.
The plan is maintained by premiums for field staff, related UNHCR contributions and interest income.
(i) Miscellaneous income
Note 8 Voluntary contributions receivable
The Committee recommended that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations develop a methodology to determine the optimal number of staff required for the effective management of the contingent-owned equipment system, taking into account the evolving workload of the missions concerned, and that the Department agreed with the Board's recommendation.
d In accordance with the provisions of General Assembly resolution 56/505 of 27 June 2002, the total amount assessed on Member States for the period ended 30 June 2001 was reduced by $18,068,667 from the unencumbered balance of $12,488,667 and other income of $5,580,000.
To commemorate the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, the Ministry of Women's Affairs organized a national working meeting focused on domestic violence.
I commend the Government and the international community for their determined work in close coordination in this regard and urge the Government of Afghanistan to take the necessary steps to continue reforming its security institutions, while believing that the international community will continue to support security sector reform.
Reaffirming the importance of preferential tariff regimes as an essential mechanism to facilitate the entry of alternative development products into international markets,
The situation in Afghanistan
The challenge in 2002 was to consolidate the fragile foundations of peace.
Furthermore, we believe that the indefinite possession of nuclear weapons by nuclear-weapon States and by States possessing nuclear weapons is a continuing threat to human security and survival.
In order to make effective use of the remaining time and facilities allocated to the Committee, I look forward to the full cooperation of delegations in order to enable the First Committee to carry out its work in a constructive manner.
Agricultural subsidies for agricultural crops, plantations and livestock have reduced the relative profits of forest zoning and have had an impact on increased deforestation.
The Special Rapporteur visited the region in September 1994, in recognition of the gravity of the conflict at that time, as a result of the receipt of complaints from mercenaries of different nationalities on various fronts.
The discussion of the legal definition of mercenaries at the second meeting of experts also indicated the need to revise the definition contained in article 1 of the 1989 International Convention.
Determined to encourage strict observance of the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
At the 6th meeting, on 4 October, the President stated that the Secretariat had informed him that the proposals concerning Western Sahara, New Caledonia and American Samoa, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Guam, Montserrat, Pitcairn, St. Helena, Tokelau, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands had no programme budget implications.
The Government of Ecuador will promptly inform the Committee of its decision.
If it was further assumed that 30 per cent of the investment teams had cooperated in reinsurance, it would be necessary for commercial lenders to take up 50 per cent of all risks, while approximately 25 per cent of the project costs would be covered by the first-time payments of project sponsors or beneficiaries, the value of the investments supported by $200 million might be as high as $2.7 billion.
Takes note of resolution CM/Res.1356 (LIV) of the Bamako Convention on the Banning of the Import into Africa of Hazardous Wastes and their Control of Transboundary Movement in Africa, adopted by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity in 1991;
At the Ministerial International Meeting of Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries and Donor Countries and International Financial and Development Institutions on Transit Transport Cooperation, held in Almaty, Kazakhstan (August), the secretariat contributed to the report of UNCTAD on “Further improvement of the challenges and opportunities of transport systems and economic development of landlocked and transit developing countries” (UNCTAD/LDC/2003/8) and provided an additional detailed description of trade and trade negotiations.
The two secretariats organized regional capacity-building workshops in response to the WTO Regional Seminar on Trade and Environment.
These items are either of a high value or of an extraordinary nature (“the Valuation Items”).
Today, let us unite to rid the world of the chains of inhuman poverty.
We need to preserve the role of the United Nations and to ensure that all States, large and small, adhere to the Charter of the United Nations.
Do we, as a debtor, be self-sustaining in poverty?
We are convinced that these minor reforms will make the interests more relevant to the deliberations of the General Assembly, and that will also facilitate the full debate of vital issues, thus making decisions more easily implemented.
2003/3 Programme and budgets, 2004-2005
Reference was made to General Assembly resolution 56/227 of 24 December 2001, in which the Assembly called upon the Secretary-General to strengthen the operational capacity of UNCTAD and other organizations and bodies of the United Nations system in support of the activities of recipient countries, in particular in support of the activities of developing countries and, in particular, least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States; and also asked whether UNCTAD would take any measures to ensure that its activities did not duplicate other United Nations activities aimed at supporting LDCs, landlocked developing countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing countries.
Iraq now has a Governing Council, the first truly representative body in the country.
Both points to the path to peace, and the day when all people are free — that is, when peace is approaching.
President Chirac (spoke in French): Sergio Vieira de Mello is the pride of the United Nations.
The fight against international terrorism is at the forefront of Croatia's priorities.
The political system in the Republic of Korea is a mixed presidential system that contains certain features of the parliamentary system, different from the purely presidential system.
In summary, there are two situations in which violations and reparation have been made.
[Original: French]
Introduction 1 - 6 3
Draft resolution I
The MONUC Ituri Brigade consists of authorized 4,800 military personnel, including four battalions and support units.
MONUC has since taken a number of actions to collect weapons in Bunia and to detain some suspected private weapons.
Despite these challenges, humanitarian organizations continue to provide assistance in all areas of access and to assess previously inaccessible areas.
The report identified, inter alia, a number of matters that the Forum needed to take action.
In indicator of achievement (d), replace the word “best practice” with the words “best practice in implementing the results of the annual programme impact review of the Department”.
In the objective, replace the words “as guided by the Millennium Declaration” with the words “guided by the priorities of the medium-term plan, taking into account General Assembly resolution 55/2 (the Millennium Declaration)”.
Also recommends that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in collaboration with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, and in accordance with paragraph 21 of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/70 of 25 April 2003, encourage Governments to organize meetings, workshops and other activities at the regional and national levels on the achievements and shortcomings of the Decade for Human Rights Education, in coordination with OHCHR;
Discrimination against persons released from prison
Taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/50 of 23 April 2003 on the rights of persons belonging to national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities,
Taking into account the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights on the elimination of violence against women, including resolution 2003/45 of 23 April 2003, and the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session (E/CN.4/2003/75 and Corr.1 and Add.1, Add.2 and Add.2/Corr.1, Add.3 and 4),
Sudan
Systems supplier entities, potential donors and end-users, as well as industry users, service providers and international organizations, should work closely to ensure safe and seamless global satellite navigation, positioning and timing systems.
Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
FAO organized a technical meeting on enhancing stakeholder participation in the Facility in November 2002 to identify strategic ways of enhancing participation in national forest programmes and building partnerships for action.
The Secretary-General and his Special Envoy also maintained close contact with other members of the international community.
“In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to His Excellency Mr. Hoshyar Zebari, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Iraq.
The Special Rapporteur believes that the United Nations should play a stronger political role in the Sudan in order to support the current peace process and achieve a lasting and sustainable peace.
He noted the new body of the Commission for the Suppression of the Abduction of Women and Children, the ongoing discussions on the establishment of national human rights institutions, the training activities organized by OHCHR under the technical cooperation programme and the initial measures taken by the rebel-held southern Sudan to strengthen the role of civil society.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are requested to contact the secretariat of the Committee (Mr. Alexandre De Barros or Ms. Lydia Bawar) (tel. 1 (212) 963-2320 and 963-5973; fax 1 (212) 963-5935).
It is important to engage in dialogue and consultation with regional organizations, political leaders and members of civil society in this process.
(h) Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund on its first regular session of 2002 (DP/2002/10);
“Recalling also the relevant resolutions on human settlements, in particular General Assembly resolutions 3327 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974 and 32/162 of 19 December 1977,
Under agenda item 14 (d), the Council adopted resolutions 2002/20 and 2002/21 and decisions 2002/240 and 2002/241.
At the 37th meeting, on 24 July, the observer for Cyprus1 also introduced a draft decision entitled “Enlargement of the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees” (E/2002/L.11).
bb Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 56/206 of 21 December 2001, the Commission on Human Settlements was transformed from 1 January 2002 to the Governing Council of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat).
During that meeting, we noted with satisfaction the increase in the number of Member States and continued the debate on the issue of annual declarations and prior notification of ballistic missiles and space launch rockets and improvement of quality.
The sovereignty of the Falkland Islands would not change unless the people on the island wished to change.
Encourages the relevant authorities to offer courses for children in schools, including mutual understanding, tolerance, active participation in civic affairs, human rights and the promotion of a culture of peace;
The cases of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia rightly illustrate the importance of justice in the most difficult process of national reconciliation.
Ultimately, the General Assembly needs to take a decision on this matter.
1.4 The Department of Political Affairs will cooperate with the Centre for Crime Prevention and Justice and other relevant departments of the Secretariat in the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
With regard to the Tribunal, liaison will be provided on behalf of the Tribunal at United Nations Headquarters, upon request, in accordance with the Relationship Agreement between the Tribunal and the Organization.
(b) To enhance dialogue with the major groups referred to in Agenda 21, including women, youth, indigenous peoples, the business sector, trade unions, the scientific community, farmers and non-governmental organizations, as well as to involve them in the work of the Commission and in general sustainable development activities;
Indicators of achievement
11.23 This subprogramme is under the responsibility of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Indicators of achievement
Strategy
In particular, the work of decision-makers was also supported, and their policies and plans took into account the social aspects of water, energy and the environment.
Performance measurement
Expected accomplishments
20.17 The main objective of the subprogramme is to assist, at the request of the Member States concerned, in the timely provision of disaster relief assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents.
The International Association for Volunteer Work also has a voluntary liaison representative, who will attend all United Nations press conferences for non-governmental organizations and submit periodic reports to the Board of Trustees of the International Association for Volunteer Effort and a newsletter on United Nations activities.
The jury then made recommendations to the Government that would be strictly followed up and evaluated.
Ms. Rodsmoen (Norway) said that there were serious violations of human rights in the name of combating terrorism, which was becoming a pretext for torture and repression of human rights defenders.
Introduction
“The Security Council expresses its grave concern at the fact that, on 29 and 30 November, armed elements were observed by the ECOWAS and French forces in an attempt to cross the ceasefire line and the serious consequences that may arise.
Annex I
Family members: 36.8 per cent of relatives: 27.2 per cent of friends: 5.0 per cent of students: 57.8 per cent of the business, or persons with working relationships: 52.7 per cent of themselves (detailed information): 25.0 per cent of the deaf: 1.7 per cent others: 0.6 per cent
They should be sent within one week of the date of this document to the Chief, Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza.
While older persons are not inherently vulnerable as a group, the ageing process has forced people to adapt to the physical, social and economic environment they cannot control, thereby increasing their risk.
Different groups specifically expressed their common concerns in different ways, but they agreed that social vulnerability inhibits their full potential and deprives them of their voice and rights.
A few families have dumped their homes for medical treatment of members of the infected family and loss of income.
In situations of armed conflict and other disasters, non-formal support systems often disappear as a result of death, disappearance or forced migration.
The reference to “international responsibility” indicates that the draft articles examine the responsibility of international organizations exclusively from the standpoint of international law.
The Commission did not correctly equate international organizations with an appropriate balance between intergovernmental organizations and, even where the scope of the draft articles might be unduly restrictive, the desire to adopt a uniform definition of the organization.
General Assembly
(a) The primary responsibility of States for the protection of refugees and others under UNHCR's responsibility;
Taking into account the increasingly close relationship between conflict management, humanitarian action, human rights and development policies, I reassess the position of UNHCR in the United Nations family.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts of the Government of Chad to continue its dialogue with the Movement for Democracy and Justice in Chad and other opposition parties, as reflected in the following:
An important policy decision that must be taken to design super-priority for the financing of purchase money is whether such priority should be given only to the seller of the goods or to banks and other lenders that finance the acquisition of the goods.
The advantage of establishing such priority claims is to promote social objectives.
For creditors, clear and predictable priority rules and mechanisms for effective identification and determination of priority in the provision of credit are equally important as the details of the priority rules themselves.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The most common signatory is the Chairman and Special Rapporteur of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
However, the inspection of all goods entering Somalia or exported from Somalia to neighbouring countries requires substantial human and sophisticated inspection equipment, which are not available in most countries of the region.
The most busy airport in Somalia is Hargeisa, with an average monthly transport of 8,000 passengers and 350 tons.
Calendar of conferences and meetings in the economic, social and related fields (agenda item 7 (c))
(d) Report of the Board of Trustees of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (E/2003/59);
Basic programme of work of the Council
Agenda item 113: Promotion and protection of the rights of children (continued) (A/C.3/58/L.23/Rev.1, L.28 and L.83)
The United States Government must therefore vote against the draft resolution.
Mr. Schurti (Liechtenstein) agreed in principle that support should be provided to the Office of the Special Representative through regular budget funding.
Ms. Elisha (Benin) said that she regretted the outcome of the voting and said that delegations had come together to change their thrust by changing the title of the draft resolution.
Article 45, paragraph 3, of the Constitution defines discrimination as “the `discriminatory' manifestation shall mean the granting of different treatment to persons of different origin, origin, political opinion, colour, creed or sex to whom they belong, which are subject to restrictions or limitations, while the other category of persons are not subject to any restrictions or restrictions, and they enjoy the privileges or preferences which the former cannot afford”.
Persons with disabilities have the right to benefit from non-discrimination and equal access to these services.
The placement services are provided by the company headquarters and the district referral centre (including the Gozo island's office centre).
The regulations also distinguish between “children”, “young people” and “young people” because of the different rules applicable to each category.
As of October 2000, a total of 323 children were in institutions, of whom 173 were boys and 150 were girls.
A total of 68 such areas are listed in the list of cases by location of property.
The camera can only be granted in exceptional cases.
However, all high-risk pregnancies are subject to a follow-up examination at the prenatal clinic at the gynaecological hospital.
The use of land is a major challenge for Malta in view of its small size (316 square kilometres).
A mentor scheme and part of support were also provided for the service of students in need.
Malta supports the notion of culture as an expression of broad personal, social and economic values.
It considers these creative activities as essential activities to ensure the sustainable development of the country, as it has the potential to bring economic value to society as a whole.
1989-2001 Notice of rent and sale of houses issued by the Housing Authority
Despite the significant efforts being made, war, resources, poverty, HIV/AIDS and other problems continue to seriously hamper the sustainable development of African societies.
I am particularly interested in issues such as finance, debt, market access and technology transfer and the transfer of experience.
In national development, the importance of trade would not be overstated.
These procedures also regulate the management, surveillance and appointment of recognized associations.
It is important to reaffirm that all persons with disabilities have the right to protection, non-discrimination, full and equal enjoyment of human rights and that “any act contrary to the fundamental principle of equality or any discrimination or other disadvantage against persons with disabilities is incompatible with the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities and constitutes a violation of the human rights of persons with disabilities.”
Support was therefore expressed for the revision of the informal documents of both French and French States and for the negotiation of a comprehensive convention on the strict prohibition of human cloning for reproductive purposes, on the one hand, and on the other hand the control of other forms of cloning, namely, the choice of States parties in the future or the prohibition or suspension of such cloning or the regulation of them through domestic legislation.
Possible action by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation 4 3
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations and in the absence of objection, I will invite the Permanent Observer of the Holy See to address the Council at an appropriate time.
However, we must not lose sight of the humanitarian dimension of Iraq's problems.
We urge the Iraqi Government to take the right decisions.
For many years, Member States have called on humanitarian agencies to go ahead in forecasting possible crises.
The illegal possession of weapons of mass destruction, terrorism and aggressive separatism are often intertwined and pose a threat to the foundation of the international regime.
This month marks two and a half years of crisis in Israel, as well as in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip — insecurity, political deadlock and economic destruction, which are increasingly serious for two and a half years.
My delegation will therefore make the greatest contribution to the sustained efforts of the international community to achieve those goals.
Those who fought for the cause of justice, such as the ban on the United States military presence on Vieques or the struggle for independence.
He would clarify and further elaborate on such methods and the need to incorporate them as necessary.
The provisions of these extradition treaties are consistent with section XIII of the Code of Criminal Procedure.
Table 21.32
The situation with regard to employment and unemployment rates in almost all countries of the region has deteriorated, despite the fact that, to date, the situation is most acute in Argentina, Uruguay and Venezuela, which have experienced a serious economic crisis.
Agenda item 121
Without such a strict distinction, it is easy to draw policy conclusions when scientific facts are discussed.
Specialized organizational and external resources are the main source of funding for most assessments.
The process of making the results a relevant scientific policy is as important as the process of collecting data (see www.unep.org/DEWA/water/MarineAssessment/reports/Iceland-propostal.doc).
Security Council: www.un.org/sc
Developing countries are increasingly interested in multilateral discussions of the Working Group on Domestic Regulations.
Case study of Cuba.
In addition, the Secretariat continues to inform troop-contributing countries annually on this issue.
In response to this question, see the response to paragraph 2 (a) and (b).
Camps and settlement sites were infiltrated by armed elements, refugees were stopped, denied access or forced repatriation, deprived of access to effective asylum procedures.
Also, under this concept, the High Commissioner decided to convene a forum on special arrangements, while burden-sharing was a central issue for the Forum.
The issue of “Somaliland” also remained controversial.
On 23 July, a shooting was opened against a United Nations aircraft in Baldere.
Combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth periodic report of Brazil (CEDAW/C/BRA/1)
The report indicated that both Brazil's governmental and non-governmental organizations had participated in the process, but she wondered whether the report had been adopted by the Government of Brazil or the National Assembly.
The students were the most popular of religious classes, and science and mathematics were not popular.
(c) Training
The Panel therefore recommends awards for this claim.
General and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
“14. Welcomes the emphasis placed by the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination on the importance of the follow-up to the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance and the measures recommended by the Committee to strengthen the implementation of the Convention and the functioning of the Committee;
“Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination and coordination of activities
Annex I
Key environmental challenges in the Baltic Sea are: (i) commercial fishing and its impact on the marine environment, and the changes that affect fish stocks' yield rates, growth and mortality; (ii) persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals assembled in the Arctic environment, although their sources are scattered elsewhere; (iii) oil development, which must be coordinated with the conservation of fish sites and the protection of the clean environment; and (iv) the dramatic increase in ocean sedimentation activities that have been expected to be completed in Western Sahara in 2015;
Several delegations expressed the view that unregulated fishing, persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals in areas beyond national jurisdiction, activities of the seabed, shipping activities and dumping, and the effects of climate change posed a real and persistent threat to the Arctic marine ecosystem.
Multilingualism and public information
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue to build partnerships with local, national and regional broadcasters to transmit the voice of the United Nations to every corner of the world;
The programme agreed with another study of global entrepreneurship monitoring that entrepreneurs needed support to identify and seize business opportunities.
Mr. Xavier Petit, Lyon University, France
Mr. Yves Regez, Lausanne Ingénieurs du monde
Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights
Mr. Dumitriu (Romania): Mr. President, since this is the first time we have spoken during this session, I would like to congratulate you on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference.
With regard to verification modalities, an integrated approach and a focused approach have been developed and discussed widely.
Since 1987, a total of 2,450 Palestinian homes in the West Bank (including East Jerusalem) have been dismantled as a result of the failure to obtain prior building permits, resulting in the loss of 16,700 Palestinians from their homes.
Its portfolio currently consists of approximately 100 loans with an insurance value of over $5 million; and an additional $3 million for 50 new loans (November 2002).
(c) The Occupied Palestinian Territory will benefit from and build on the extensive programme implementation experience accumulated by UN-Habitat in post-conflict and stable environments;
McDowall D., op. cit.
I write to draw your attention to the recent terrorist attacks against Israeli citizens.
Contents
In the same period, over 10,000 students received scholarships for Eastern Europe, the USSR, Viet Nam and China.
According to the 1995 census, 3 per cent of the population aged 15 years and over and 5 per cent of men completed the first secondary school, 2 per cent of women and 3 per cent of men completed the high secondary school.
Between 1976 and 1995, the number of central hospitals had increased from 4 to 8, the number of provincial hospitals had increased from 12 to 18 and the number of district hospitals from 96 to 131 and the number of health centres had increased from 294 to 542.
The Lao Youth Alliance will also explore innovative approaches with the Ministry of Health to provide counselling and birth spacing services to adolescents.
Men and women have the same curricula, and children play football, platoonball, gon and other similar collective movements.
Indigenous adolescents have taken note of the experiences of our predecessors in the United Nations system and are familiar with the human rights instruments.
Turkey, as an observer for the first meeting of States parties to the Ottawa Convention, held in Maputo in May 1999, declared its intention to accede to the Convention for the first decade of the new millennium.
These debates have also been instrumental in defining and clarifying the different aspects of the issue.
However, everyone knows what harm they can do if terrorists acquire weapons of mass destruction.
We are confident that we have seen only start.
We have now concluded our consideration of agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
Chile supports the efforts of the Secretary-General in modernizing the human rights treaty regime, particularly with regard to reporting requirements, which place an increasing burden on States.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the feasibility of consolidating the accounts of various peacekeeping operations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“Security-related political — military”
The composition of subsidiary bodies should take into account equitable geographical distribution and the types of principal legal systems.
In its first stage of work, the Committee focused on ensuring that States had legislation covering all aspects of resolution 1373 (2001); that they had taken steps to become parties to the 12 international conventions and protocols against terrorism; and that they had established effective mechanisms to combat the financing of terrorism.
Transfer of environmentally sound technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(a) Seven relevant chapters of the report of the Economic and Social Council for 2003;
The monitoring mechanism of the Initiative includes a steering group of target countries, donor countries and lead agency organizations.
Annex I
Taking into account all other relevant General Assembly resolutions, including resolutions 54/225 of 22 December 1999 and 55/203 of 20 December 2000,
The protection of public health and the strengthening of national health services play an increasingly important role in achieving sustainable development and poverty eradication, first and foremost as factors in promoting and implementing these goals, and, secondly, as indicators of social and economic sustainability.
To make progress, we need frank dialogue and concrete proposals.
Mr. Tarwara (Fiji): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the members of the Pacific Islands Forum that are members of the United Nations: Australia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, Micronesia (Federated States of), Nauru, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu and my own country, Fiji.
Individual committees can also play an important role in the bottom-up and bottom-up approach.
It was stated that a proposal submitted to the National Assembly fund-raising subcommittee and the Senate Financial Committee during the first session of the National Conference would amend article 956 of the domestic tax law and, importantly, amend the Federal Government's decision to eliminate most of the tax-exempt provisions of article 936.
CEB members generally agreed with the findings and conclusions of the report and considered that the recommendations of the report were acceptable in principle.
In order to gain a better understanding of the obstacles to the reception of atmospheric and hydrological data in the global data centre, the SBSTA requested the secretariat of the observing system, in consultation with the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), to prepare an analytical report on specific issues and approaches to address those issues for consideration by the SBSTA at its twentieth session.
In particular, China was interested in the purchase of crude oil from Kazakhstan and had signed an agreement with that country in 1998 to involve a Chinese company in the exploitation of oil resources in Western Kazakhstan.
Article 10 of the Constitution states that the status of international treaties is higher than Czech domestic law.
Act No. 106/1999 Coll., on Freedom of Access to Information sets out the conditions relating to the right to free access to information and establishes the basic requirements for the provision of information.
Resolution S-10/2.
The recent report of WFP/FAO states that the reconstruction project resulted in a 12 per cent increase in rice harvest in 2003, offset in part the sharp decline in the harvest of maize resulting from last year's drought.
Integrated Management of Childhood Illness in accordance with the Health Strategy of the Ministry of Health for Children between the ages of one and five.
The visit of the President of Timor-Leste to UNESCO headquarters in Paris and the visit of the Director-General of UNESCO to East Timor strengthened cooperation in all areas of education and science.
Legislation based on this policy document will be introduced to the Council of Ministers in 2003.
The United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, United Nations agencies, funds and programmes have provided technical assistance to enhance the capacity of the national police and public administration, with full respect for the principles of democratic governance and human rights.
The decision was resumed by using the language used in the Secretariat's proposal (formerly Variant 1 (4)(b), A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.119, para. 74, reproduced in A/CN.9/508, para.
General Assembly
Having considered the reports of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also considered that the failure of the Chairman of the Group of 77 and China to attend the meeting was an important signal, and he urged all Member States that opposed the process to reconsider their positions.
Italy
The increase in the experience with the use of procurement cards, as well as the use of PaymentNet, has increased the limit to $2,500 for all cardholders to deal once.
The Controller is responsible for the implementation of this recommendation.
The Director of the Division for Treaty Affairs will be responsible for implementation of this recommendation.
Russia believes that measures to restore stability in Iraq should be taken as soon as possible.
The development of a sustainable, non-polluted one-time energy is a key element in achieving the goals set at the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Remote cooperation and exchanges between students and teachers and other schools have also begun.
WTO (Tourism) World Tourism Organization
Level 7 is reserved for the executive management of ODS.
Changes to the programme narratives for the preparation of the programme budget for the biennium 2004-20051 and further changes to the note, as reflected in the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its forty-third session3
To date, only one country (Botswana) has been de-listed.
Programmes-related international organizations often consider statistics to be primarily a tool for preparing, implementing or evaluating health policy makers.
In order to implement the Plan of Action developed in June this year, the European Union has decided to concentrate its efforts on a number of measures.
The EU and its member States are actively committed in the Conference on Disarmament to the search for consensus for negotiations on a non-discriminatory, multilateral and internationally approved treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices, based on the report of the Special Coordinator and the mandate contained therein.
Jordan's position towards achieving the above objectives can be summarized as follows: encouraging the elimination of the nuclear threat in the Middle East, upholding the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons firmly and freeing the Middle East from weapons of mass destruction; recommending practical measures to reduce tension, build confidence, control the arms race in the Middle East under the auspices of the United Nations; adherence to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons by all States in the Middle East; placing all nuclear installations under the nuclear installations under the security safeguards of the nuclear facilities of the Middle East with the nuclear facilities of the nuclear facilities of the nuclear facilities of the nuclear facilities of the nuclear facilities of the nuclear facilities of the nuclear facilities of the nuclear facilities of the nuclear facilities of the nuclear weapons-weapon States in the Middle East; strengthening the Middle East; strengthening the Middle East and of the Middle East; strengthening the Middle East; strengthening the Middle East and the nuclear weapons-weapon States in the nuclear weapons-weapon States in the Middle East; strengthening the nuclear facilities of the Middle East; and confidence-weapon States of the Middle East; strengthening the Middle East; strengthening the Middle East; and confidence-weapon States of the Middle East; and confidence-
My delegation recognizes this unfortunate situation and reiterates the appeal of President Olusegun Obasanjo to the international community to work to conclude a legally binding international instrument during the general debate of the General Assembly two weeks ago to regulate the supply of such weapons to non-State actors.
Other aspects of corruption discussed included the protection of “whistleblowers” and victims, damages, extradition, mutual legal assistance and bank secrecy.
Deeply concerned about the acts and manifestations of violence and discrimination that affect the religious intolerance of many women,
Such analysis must be carried out with the direct involvement of the agencies and programmes concerned.
If specific deficiencies in the publication programme are found, the Division should update existing publications or prepare the necessary new publications.
Such an approach could not be seen as a reform, but rather as a removal of the mandate and objectives of the Commission and marginalizing the overall role of the United Nations in the field of disarmament and the promotion of international peace and security.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate the other members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should provide appropriate administrative support to the Centre as necessary.
(a) The legal representative of matters relating to the Centre shall be responsible for the administration and functioning of the Centre;
Uruguay has made a commitment to contribute to the restoration and maintenance of peace in conflict areas and has participated in more than 20 meetings for that purpose since 1952.
Ethiopia, like many of our continent, is suffering for a long time as a result of conflict and war and its consequences, and may suffer more in this regard than others.
The project against the abduction of children was reported to be another important activity of UNICEF in the Sudan with the Committee for the Elimination of the Abduction of Women and Children, the Ministry of Justice and the Office of the President.
The Committee took note of section 3, Political affairs, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and stressed the need for programme managers to adhere to regulation 5.6 and rule 105.6 of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.
If we do so, how can we contribute to the Organization's reform objectives, not to mention the promotion of peace in the Middle East?
In addition, the National Women's Policy adopted in July 2000 provided for positive action to increase the representation of women in the legislative and executive bodies of the Government and in political parties at all levels to 30 per cent.
Source: Situation Assessment and Analysis, 2001.
14.5 Women in rural areas and adoption of family planning approaches
In a statement to the press in June 2003, the President of the Council reiterated his support for the road map and the efforts of the Quartet.
The aforementioned resolution affirms the importance of ending the Israeli occupation of Arab territories and of empowering the Palestinian people to exercise their right to self-determination and to establish an independent State on their own soil.”
Abbreviations
The pattern I have found in my previous report remains unchanged, namely that the aircraft often fly to the outside sea and then enter Lebanese airspace from the northern part of the UNIFIL area of war, thus avoiding direct observation and verification by UNIFIL.
The Working Group also held informal consultations during the intersessional period.
The implementation of the capital master plan for the renovation of premises should make it easier to enter buildings.
The report also discussed trends in the range and methods of use of contraceptives for married and cohabiting women in various regions.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 24 (E/2002/84).
Despite the strong commitment of the international community to guarantee human survival, the representative of Morocco noted with regret that more than 1 billion people in the world were still suffering from poverty and hunger, that climate change had devastated the stability of many countries, that millions of children continued to die as a result of the lack of water and sanitation, that disease continued to cause hundreds of thousands of deaths, that the gap between the rich and the poor and that those unsustainable patterns of production and consumption continued.
Other matters
Recalling the determination of the Heads of State and Government at the Millennium Summit of the United Nations to take measures, inter alia, to ensure respect for and protection of the human rights of migrants, migrant workers and their families, to eliminate the increasing acts of racism and xenophobia in many societies and to promote harmony and tolerance among people in all societies,
This trend confirms the downward trend in opium poppy cultivation in the Lao People's Democratic Republic since 1999.
Any corrections to the record of the meetings of this Committee will be consolidated in a single corrigendum, to be issued shortly after the end of the session.
In accordance with Economic and Social Council resolution 1894 (LVII), in accordance with existing legislative mandates, the following draft provisional agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission is prepared.
The debate demonstrated that, while progress had been made in the implementation of the Convention, there was still room for a solution to the main problems in the region.
Concerns about the control of soil salts and the reduction of nitrate contamination of groundwater have increased.
By commemorating the World Day, renewed support for the Convention and the sharing of experiences and knowledge could be mobilized.
When the travel is not required to leave the place of residence for overnight stay, if the journey is less than 10 hours, no allowance shall be paid if the journey is 10 hours or more.
Repatriation grant
The work of the regional intergovernmental organizations covers a wide range of issues, covering economic, financial, trade, transport, energy, environment and development cooperation.
Against:
Such a declaration requires States to take concrete action at their national, regional and international levels, including concrete measures to apply the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Mr. Percaya (Indonesia) proposed to send a delegation to Ramallah to assist Mr. Arafat as an expression of the Committee's support for the Palestinian people and their inalienable rights.
Decides to extend the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for a period of six months, until 30 June 2004;
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 254-260.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures, including the improvement of the electoral law, to increase the representation of women in elected and appointed bodies, in particular through the implementation of temporary special measures, in accordance with article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, in order to realize the right of women to participate in all areas of public life, in particular in the high-level decision-making process.
The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts to encourage, inter alia, through counselling, girls and boys to make multiple educational choices and help them fully develop their individual potential.
Concluding comments of the Committee
The Committee is concerned that recent changes in the British Columbia have had a disproportionate negative impact on women, especially indigenous women.
The Committee is also concerned that the “Law on Governance of Indigenous Peoples” currently under discussion does not address discriminatory legal provisions that still remain in other laws, including the rights to matrimonial property, identity and the belonging of the family, which are contrary to the Convention.
Emphasizes the importance of further enhancing coordination and cooperation among relevant United Nations organizations in promoting the environmental dimension of sustainable development, and in this regard welcomes the participation of the United Nations Environment Programme in the United Nations Development Group;
UNICEF is co-chair of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Sport for Development and Peace.
With the support of UNESCO, the Pakistan Press Fund has established two awards, one for female journalists “best reporting” and the other for male journalists or female journalists.
Research will be carried out in the media and in the field of peace, with particular attention to the Latin American and African regions.
In December 2001, an international non-governmental organization with a formal relationship with UNESCO adopted the Plan of Action entitled “International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World.” In December 2002, a project entitled “Business of Heritage and Peace” was launched in collaboration with the UNESCO Peace Coordination and Culture Unit in the framework of the implementation of the Plan of Action, with a view to finding a monuments or markers in the local heritage to promote dialogue, peace and reconciliation, bringing the local population and the general public.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 15 of its report, as orally corrected (A/58/494) (resolution 58/230).
The map also describes the basic features of the phases of the value chain.
The Controller participated in a meeting of the NGO ADB Forum and ADB Annual Meeting in Chiang Mai, Thailand, from 3 to 8 May 2000.
In addition, the Government was examining the possibility of introducing models for successful transformation of prostitutes in civil society (particularly taking into account their vulnerability to AIDS) and assisting victims of domestic violence.
In her view, the provision of care should not be regarded as the only attributes of women, and indeed should be the joint responsibility of men and women within the family and society at large.
The elimination of all nuclear, chemical and biological weapons in the world is the long-term goal of the United Nations.
The commitment to increase the provision of troops is not the only challenge facing the United Nations.
In many cases, the United Nations assists in post-conflict peace-building without the deployment of any military personnel.
China and India are largely on track, and the world is therefore likely to achieve the 2015 target.
Within the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights have intensified their assistance to countries requesting assistance in promoting good governance and strengthening their national human rights protection systems.
General Assembly
Its objective is to destroy free consent and freedom of expression by means of violence to subjugate the people, and to demonize the voice of the people, which are the very foundation of all civilizations.
It takes advantage of the weaknesses and gaps in the judicial order in our social organizations and in international relations.
Mexico will continue to cooperate in this global endeavour and is convinced that international law should not be regarded as an obstacle in the fight against terrorism but as a valuable instrument.
* For the initial report submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom, see CEDAW/C/5/Add.52, which was considered at the Committee's ninth meeting; for the second periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UK/2, which was considered at the Committee's twelfth meeting; for the third periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UK/3 and Add.1 and 2; and for the fourth periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UK/4 and Add.1-4, which was considered at the Committee's twenty-first meeting.
The law also provides that the Learning and Skills Commission, in carrying out its functions, should take fully into account the need to promote equal opportunities between different ethnic groups, men and women, as well as persons with disabilities and persons without disabilities.
Other measures taken by the Government to promote the role of women in the fields of engineering and technology are: “The review of the Lord Greenfield”, a strategic review aimed at identifying priority areas for more focused action to improve recruitment and retention of women in the fields of engineering and technology and to highlight the achievements and contributions of women in the fields of engineering and technology.
Two members of the Northern Ireland Women's Union also served as Vice-President of the General Assembly, and two of the four ministers were women before the suspension on 14 October 2002.
See Annex 2, Table 10.3-10.5 (Article 10, pp. 9-10).
In particular, the Government presented a plan of action to address the low rate of reported and conviction of rape.
The document took into account the comments made on the 1998 plan of action for consultation and provided a comprehensive picture of violence against women and how to combat it.
Where an effective international and local contractor is not acceptable to the United Nations or management, or where the solicitation of such a contract is cost-effective, the management may recommend that the United Nations terminate those contracts.
Actual progress has been made in the tripartite process established by resolution 1483 (2003).
We believe that, regardless of the level of progress in the renegotiations, the deadline of 21 November should be observed in accordance with resolution 1483 (2003).
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
The Secretary-General's initiative to reform and strengthen the Organization is a matter of common interest and determination for all United Nations Member States.
That is to meet the special needs of Africa.
It is clear that, for the time being, the consensus within the United Nations is a tendency to increase only the non-permanent members elected, and we will support that approach.
Mr. Stephen (Australia) and Mr. Tanin (Indonesia) were elected Vice-Chairmen by acclamation.
We believe that the Additional Protocol is a very important complementary instrument to further strengthen the IAEA safeguards system.
The Court needed considerable flexibility throughout the process of developing those systems.
As already stated in part I of this budget, the Court needs more than one Pre-Trial Chamber, the Appeals Chamber, and perhaps the Trial Chamber, to deal with the work to be generated by the Office of the Prosecutor.
• A specific factual assumption of responsibility for individual suspects, focusing on leadership levels
Performance indicators
• Providing effective support in preparing legal submissions from the Prosecution Division and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section
The Office plans to add a second investigation team in June 2004 and a third in October 2004.
The importance of tracking and recording assets and monitoring their use from the outset cannot be underestimated.
This operation will require assistance to ensure regular access of field office staff to court networks.
The Chief of Security also represents the security interests of the Court on international occasions through daily liaison and consultation with the Office of the United Nations Security Coordinator, the Director of the United Nations Office at Geneva and other international organizations.
The objective of the subprogramme is to continue to maintain the International Criminal Court at the international level and to provide the Court with detailed interpretation of its principles, objectives and actions to target audiences and the general public in accordance with the strategy for the exchange of initiatives; to create a good working environment with highly knowledgeable employees; to establish an efficient public professional library and to provide document reference services to support its activities through information technology and internal networks.
(viii) To bring to the attention of the receiving service any matter the Secretariat deems it necessary to require them to consider;
The Committee is of the view that the proposed contingency reserve is not an appropriate way to provide resources for the Secretariat.
Victims Trust Fund
Several issues have not been discussed.
I am also pleased to inform you that my Government has accepted the Agreement on Privileges and Immunities and has authorized me to sign it this week.
Discussion by the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Extrabudgetary
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget)
9.85 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that Governments and international organizations implement, as a matter of priority, the outcomes of Agenda 21, the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States and the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Table 9.36 Summary of follow-up action on relevant recommendations of the internal and external oversight bodies and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
(d) Convention on the Marking of Plastic Explosives for the Purpose of Detection;
Reaffirming the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits and their respective follow-up reviews,
I would like to address this issue today.
We call for the repeal of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, adopted by the International Trade Organization, which undermines the traditional knowledge of indigenous peoples.
The Secretary-General has submitted his recommendations in this regard (A/58/556), and the Advisory Committee will report separately.
Agenda item 151
Stresses the importance of further strengthening the activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in promoting and implementing the right to development, including by ensuring the effective use of the financial and human resources required to fulfil its mandate and by better servicing and support to the Working Group on the Right to Development;
External factors
The background and objectives were explained by the members of the original sponsor committee.
The law severely punishes sexual abuse of children.
However, some girls have completed their studies.
In addition, the Government and civil society have taken other actions:
- Changing the mentality of the population, which continues to be rooted in the culture of society, and which has slowed the progress of women.
As some delegations pointed out, reimbursement for troop costs in 2002 was significantly higher than reimbursement for contingent-owned equipment, since troop-contributing countries could promptly and accurately calculate the number of troops deployed, while the cost of contingent-owned equipment required more specific information.
Some of the recommendations in the report were of the view that they should be dealt with directly by the Fifth Committee and representatives of troop-contributing countries.
The Republic of Croatia has therefore formally assumed its obligation to combine the provisions of the European Union with the legislation as a whole, which makes it necessary to adapt the overall law on gender equality in accordance with the standards established by the European Union legislation.
The amendments to the Criminal Code of the Republic of Croatia, adopted in 2000 and 2003, are detailed in article 6 of the present report.
Source: Central Bureau of Statistics
However, if we consider other resources (local and humanitarian), the number of beneficiaries is larger, with an estimated 350,000 in 1998, and 365,000 in 1999 (Jurcevic, 1999 and 2000).
* The Department of Reproductive Health Services at the Paedi oral clinic in Zagreb continued its activities until the end of 2003, its programme is “Youth health education for reproductive health and general health”, in the form of courses, workshops, lectures and seminars for young people in primary and secondary schools.
His delegation strongly rejected the inclusion of the item in the agenda of the Conference, as it violated the principle of territorial integrity enshrined in the Charter.
It was observed that the distinction made on the basis of whether the goods were unloaded from their original means of transport seemed somewhat outdated.
An alternative proposal was made that the protection should be expanded to all parties involved in the maritime operation, including independent subcontractors.
A member of the Security Council noted that the Council should take a decision on the future of the Coordinator's mandate after the submission of the report of the Secretary-General in December 2003.
The four reports (S/2000/575, S/2001/582, S/2002/664, S/2003/614) addressed the issue of the return of all Kuwaiti property by Iraq.
Iraq was urged to repatriate the remaining missing persons to Kuwait or to recover their remains and return their families.
The Coordinator hoped that efforts to ascertain the fate of the Shakkm would continue.
Misfir Mehana Misfir Al Sharifa Al Hayari
The Chairman said he took it that the Committee recommended that the item should be allocated to the plenary of the General Assembly.
Finally, we wish the CTC every success in its further work to strengthen the counter-terrorism coalition of States.
The means to promote global markets themselves — improved communications, the use of the media, better transport connectivity and faster and easier international travel — all contribute to the development of a global network of terrorism — which breeds common hate messages that seek to achieve common goals of fraternity and wanton destruction and to defeat morality and thus control civil society, especially multi-democratic civil society.
“Terrorism is a symptom of social illness.
In many cases, the upgrading of posts has been delayed in the past as a result of budgetary constraints; it is not possible to continue to be postponed and the significant impact of the highly qualified and capable UNDP presence in these positions is considerable.
The United Nations Development Group will develop an implementation plan by September 2003 to enhance the effectiveness of the United Nations system in developing countries, an element of the reform of the Secretary-General.
Organizational reforms have also been introduced at the division level, and within the Monitoring and Research Division (formerly known as the Urban Secretariat), the Statistics and Tools Section has been merged with the Global Urban Observatory Section, using the latter's name.
The monitoring function has expanded to include, in addition to the existing urban indicators and GIS, a programme to monitor urban inequalities.
The themes of capacity development will include analytical methods and communication, advocacy, networking and team-building skills.
PeopleSoft upgraded in 2007, perhaps introducing new features.
What challenges are:
As contributions from other resources are usually used as a basis for regular resources fund-raising, it will have the potential to increase the fund-raising capacity of regular and other resources.
In view of the limited resources of the Foundation, non-designated project activities are generally limited to assistance in the preparation process, activities with multiplier effects and activities that may play a significant role in the overall development of human settlements.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs' programme for overseas communities in Mexico has coordinated programmes, in collaboration with the Ministry of Education and Education units and the corresponding departments in the United States, including the educational programme for migrants of Mexican children, youth and adults.
The measures of the Government of the Philippines in this regard have proved that the rights and dignity of women migrant workers have not been effectively protected from illegal practices related to very lucrative sex industries.
In Latin America, as a result of the same trend in the number of women migrant workers, UNIFEM is providing support with a view to building basic knowledge on the causes and consequences that affect women in the current migration process, so that informed decision-making can be developed.
The management and documentation of the Conference constitute “the central and fundamental aspect of the daily operation of the most inclusive multilateral institutions in the world” (see A/57/387 para.
The Department, in consultation with author departments, worked to find ways and means of consolidating reports and, on that basis, prepared a timetable for the submission of pre-session documents for the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
Integrating the human rights of women and a gender perspective
The table below lists RFMOs with regulatory powers in relation to the functions defined in article 10 of the Agreement, while the non-exhaustive list of powers is limited to RFMOs that tend to provide advice in scientific matters.35 These two types of fisheries management organizations may exist in parallel and mutually reinforcing: the International Council for the Exploration of the Sea (ICAC) provides advice to the Northeast Fishery Commission, while the Forum Fisheries Agency may provide advice to the Committee for the Western Fish Stocks Commission.
Impact of the entry into force of the Agreement on the relevant or proposed international instruments
For example, Conference of the States Parties decision II-10 ( Jakarta Mandate), IV-5 and V-2.
The Staff Regulations of the International Criminal Court and the resolution establishing the permanent secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties to the International Criminal Court.
groundwaters connected with surface waters may fall within the scope of the Convention on the Law of the Non-navigational Uses of International Watercourses.
Stressing once again the importance of effective drug control legislation and national policies in the field of demand reduction in accordance with the international drug control system and the related consequences of drug trafficking and illicit use,
Iraq states that Facet did not deliver the goods in a timely manner, since “the material was not sent and invoiced until 4 July 1990” and “the letter of credit was issued on 20 December 1989 and the delivery should have been completed within three months”.
Arabian Chevron seeks compensation in the amount of USD 857,217 for the “provisional subsistence allowance for family members” that relates to compensation payments to employees who worked in Saudi Arabia during the period covered by the claim and whose family members remained in North America, in order to compensate them for the necessary costs of maintaining their residence in both places.
Chevron Research and KNPC entered into agreements for the supply of catalysts to each of the devices prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait; KNPC continued to study its catalytic needs through the Chevron Research Foundation after its first replenishment agreement with Chevron Research in 1975; KNPC, after the installation of these devices, has studied all the catalyst required for the purchase of each of the devices to Chevron U.S.A.
In the light of the foregoing, the Panel recommends compensation in the amount of USD 75,287 for payment or relief to others.
Chevron U.S.A. states that, prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, it paid an annual allowance of USD 2,762,640 for ships and machinery, calculated at the rate of 0.003 per cent of the amount of USD 10 million for each vessel that exceeds the value of the sum owed by Chevron U.S.A.
The case concerned the International Islamic Charitable Fund, which is headquartered in Chicago and is an organization on the Committee's list.
The present document is submitted in response to the above request.
At the same time, India reaffirms its commitment to global nuclear disarmament and its commitment not to use or use nuclear weapons first against non-nuclear-weapon States or non-aligned States with nuclear-weapon States.
On the same occasion, India announced the establishment of its nuclear command structure, including a political council, as the sole authority for authorizing the use of nuclear weapons.
Since assuming the post of High Commissioner, I have emphasized this, especially in the project profile.
Indeed, in many national examples, there is no phenomenon in which poor countries are growing faster than richer countries, or are “mergers” to rich countries or are “shaping the gap” in per capita income.
The Court must, by its competence, examine the conformity of its applicable legal provisions with the fundamental rights protected by the Basic Law.
(b) To reduce the time required for the rapid deployment and establishment of peacekeeping operations in accordance with Security Council mandates;
A consultant is requested to provide specialized expertise to the Monitoring, Evaluation and Consulting Division in designing inspection exercises to facilitate effective oversight of military aspects of peacekeeping.
Some Parties further elaborated on this issue and noted that the quality of information provided by the media in the context of climate change was “considered to be very general” (France), “the media did not clearly define the relationship between international negotiations and domestic commitments” (Sweden), or “the media failed to play a role in spreading ideas” (Italy).
Sweden stressed the need for people to understand and understand these issues and to know what needs to be done to address this issue and what they can play in this process.
Media participation.
The proposed mitigation measures are divided into recommended actions for short-term (three years), medium-term (10 years) and long-term (20) years.
Strengthening institutions and training programmes funded by donors must be an initial activity in this component.
Untreated wastewater discharges into vulnerable wetland may lead to changes in ecosystem functions and loss of species.
(f) The Government of Egypt reported that human rights education was included in school curricula and/or school activities.
The almost unanimous view of the latter was that there were no individual rights without corresponding social obligations or responsibilities, not only, but also that if those responsibilities were to be defined in an appropriate manner in the international framework and at the domestic level, some of the diverse and important interests of the rulers or the rulers were available.
His Excellency Major General Ali Hammoud, Minister of the Interior (16 September);
The Convention applies to all other United Nations operations, such as United Nations political missions, post-conflict peace-building offices or humanitarian missions, provided that the Security Council or the General Assembly “declared the risk” (art. 1, para.
Other documents
We are also struck by the continuation of settlement activities on Palestinian land, in particular the illegal construction of the expansionist wall by Israel in the occupied West Bank and the Arab Jerusalem area.
With regard to the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, we would like to reiterate our grave concern at the massive loss of life, material damage and unprecedented destruction caused by the continuing violence and excessive use of force.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Risk assessment.
Consequently, the Syrian banking system cannot have suspicious transactions.
There is some reluctance on the part of the Brigadier General: “You have not been modified — you have nothing, not?” - “I have one” - “What?
One of his expertise, that is, the training camp's expertise, uses toxic agents.
The scope of activities in Zakawwe is not now limited to this small corner of the north-east of Iraq.
We believe that this development is a very important contribution that will make it possible for the Security Council to take important decisions that the world looks forward to with a greater sense of responsibility and purpose.
I give the floor to the representative of Iraq.
Economic exploitation also refers to the manner in which children are employed in a manner that is harmful to their health and development and prevents them from attending school or from fulfilling their school-related responsibilities, or is inconsistent with and inconsistent with the following human rights standards: the Convention No. 138 concerning Minimum Age and Recommendation No. 146, the Convention on the Worst Forms of Child Labour and Recommendation No. 190, and the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Transnational corporations and other business enterprises should pay workers the compensation they can ensure an adequate standard of living for them and their families.
Spain Antonio Nuñez García-Saúco, Francis de Miguel Álvarez, Rocío Pérez-Puig González, David Melgar García, Eusterio Pérez Gago, José María de las Cuevas Carretero, Francisco Javier González Ibáñez Iacnación Iacnírez Iacaynírez Iacaynírez
Miodrag Labović, Aleksandar Tavciovski, The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The Chairperson of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights, Ambassador Najat Najat Al-Najjaji, introduced the members of the extended bureau and the coordinators of regional groups such as Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean, Western European and other States (the representative of the African Group apologized for not attending).
Inter-committee meeting
They recommended that each treaty body take measures to improve the accuracy of press releases.
President: Shi Jiuyong
The Computerization Division, composed of one Professional and three General Service staff, is responsible for the effective application and continued development of information technology in the Court.
Mexico therefore requested the Court to adjudge and declare that:
The documents annexed to the pleadings and the correspondence are now available only on an exceptional basis, subject to the understanding of the Court's decisions.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 402, No. 5778.
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Once funds enter the banking system, even if the funds are deposited in the bank for the sole purpose of obtaining a bank ticket, they are likely to be found if the funds are diverted for illegal purposes such as the financing of terrorism.
With regard to the general criteria, his delegation supported further consideration of the proposed simplification of the job classification system and looked forward to the Committee's detailed report to the General Assembly on the results of the effectiveness evaluation, which had been decided at its fifty-sixth session.
This partnership calls for mutual accountability: political and economic reforms in developing countries, with support from developed countries, particularly through aid, trade and debt relief.
All twenty-six claimants were in Kuwait prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The verification and valuation of uncollectable receivables claims in the twenty-sixth instalment were carried out in accordance with the methodology described in paragraphs 211 to 215 of the First “E4” Report.
Report of the Secretary-General
Considering the importance of addressing extreme weather events and their attendant natural disasters and disaster reduction in a coordinated manner,
I have the honour to transmit herewith a statement issued on 26 April 2003 by the World Congress of Peace and Non-Violence Nationals, organized jointly by the Indian Cultural Association and the Gandhi Memorial, New Delhi (see annex).
Appointment of the members of the Credentials Committee.
Considering that, in the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993, all States are urged to guarantee the protection of the human rights of all migrant workers and members of their families,
The people of Estonia and I join all the representatives here in expressing deep condolences to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Sergio Vieira de Mello, and others, who were tragically murdered.
Estonia is a party to all 12 United Nations counter-terrorism conventions and is actively cooperating with many States and international organizations.
Articles 110, 111 and 140 of the Criminal Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina provide for the confiscation of proceeds of crime, including the basis and manner of confiscation, and the protection of objects damaged.
In addition to United Nations organizations and international governmental organizations, ACI is collaborating with a number of international non-governmental organizations, in particular the International Association of Air Transport (IATA) and the International Federation of Civil Aviation Drivers (IFALPA), the World Customs Organization (WCO), the International Federation of Air Traffic Movement Operators (IFTA), the International Coordinating Council of IAF (ICCA), the International Federation of All Migrant Workers and Drivers (IATA), the International Federation of Fretilist Organizations.
English and French are working languages, but in some forums, including meetings, other languages, such as Spanish.
The first lender is the pre-insolvency lender or the seller of the goods, who is still in relationship with the debtor and its business, and may advance new money or provide trade credit to increase the possibility of recovering their existing claims, perhaps by increasing the interest rate of the new loan.
Some laws adopt a default rule to the effect that failure of the insolvency representative to act within a specified time would result in a contract being considered, for example, rejected or not enforceable.
The insolvency representative may be an individual or, in some jurisdictions, a corporation or other separate legal entity.
(xx) Any other matter that may be entrusted to the insolvency representative by the creditor or to the court.
As noted above (chap. III, A and B), the insolvency law may wish to impose confidentiality obligations on both the debtor and the insolvency representative.
(a) Providing advice and assistance to the insolvency representative or the debtor conducting the work;
(d) In the context of appropriate safeguards, requests for possible prevention of or restriction of procedures in other laws that delay access to justice are suspended.
A creditor's failure to submit a claim before the final report and accounting may result in different results depending on the provisions of other provisions of the insolvency law.
If the claim filed in the proceedings is the object of the review outside of the insolvency proceedings, such claims are usually in the nature of the claim and may be provisionally admitted in the insolvency proceedings before the dispute is resolved (subject to the application of the stay - see chapter II, B.3 (a) and 8).
Insolvency proceedings often require the assistance of a number of professionals, such as the insolvency representative, as well as the debtor's adviser or the insolvency representative.
Priority claims
The approach taken in many insolvency laws generally requires that the insolvency representative should convene a creditor meeting and present the accounts after the asset has changed and allocated.
The threat of an unconventional attack is also a normal aspect of Israel's daily lives.
We have yet to see Israel take any practical steps to that end.
As a member of the Conference on Disarmament from East Asia, I share the view of other members of the Conference that we are all committed to resolving the problems of East Asia through dialogue and peace.
Calls upon all States, in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Intolerance and of Discrimination Based on Religion or Belief, to recognize the right of everyone to hold a place of worship or assembly based on religion or belief and to establish and maintain places for such purposes;
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur receives the necessary resources to enable him to discharge his mandate fully;
The revisions include the overall direction of programme 7 and the narrative of subprogramme 4, Sustainable development, and add a new subprogramme 10, entitled “Financing for development”.
In its resolution on the rights of the child, the General Assembly continued to emphasize the need to mainstream a gender perspective in all policies and programmes relating to children (resolution 57/190).
At the request of the President, two statements were distributed informally to Council members.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in order.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
The North-South Development Initiative submitted to the United Nations Development Programme in 1999 the “Phase I - Namibia, Panama, Venezuela, Mozambique, Ecuador, Argentina, Peru and Botswana Feasibility Review”.
The discretionary application of exceptions in bilateral dispute settlement would undermine the effective use of the local remedies rule.
His delegation supported the principle established by the International Court of Justice in its judgment in the Barcelona Traction case as the main principle of diplomatic protection of a corporation.
Third, after an orderly classification of State practice, it should be possible to determine the reasons for the unilateral act or act of a State; to express or implied criteria for the validity of the undertaking, in particular but not limited to those relating to the competence of the organ responsible for the act or act; and to modify or withdraw the circumstances and conditions of the unilateral undertaking.
The Association also works closely with the United Nations through the Association/United Nations Disarmament Education, Conflict Resolution and Peace Commission.
A project is being implemented with the support of the Ford Foundation to strengthen the role of civil society in expanding innovative means of reproductive health.
A growing number of new Rotary clubs have been established worldwide, with the fastest growing areas being Brazil, Canada, Egypt, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Korea, Latvia, Mexico, the Netherlands, Nigeria, the Philippines, Romania, Russia, Switzerland, China, Taiwan, Turkey and the United States.
Mexico's approach to Guatemalan refugees could be an example of a lasting solution to the refugee problem.
For the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, the Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, Mr. José Antonio Ocampo, will host an exhibition on family issues on Thursday, 4 December 2003, near the Vienna Cafe, on the ground floor of the General Assembly Building.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Alfonso Portillo Cabrera, President of the Republic of Guatemala
Framework Convention on Tobacco Control. Geneva, 21 May 2003
On this issue, I would like to emphasize the very important role of IAEA in providing technical assistance to member States and to note the considerable progress made in improving the efficiency of technical cooperation programmes.
The plan of action emanating from the meeting would help to build further confidence and ensure the continuity of good security records in that regard.
With regard to the implementation of the action plan to combat nuclear terrorism proposed by the Director-General, Mexico supported measures to improve the physical safety of all nuclear materials.
However, the Agency's staff work daily in those areas and in many others in order to make our world a better and safer place.
A natural person has no place of business and is subject to his habitual residence.
(c) Any alteration of the electronic signature after the signature is detectable; and
The Working Group may wish to note that, in developing the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, it was felt that such a definition was not the text of the instrument, but rather the Guide to Enactment of the instrument.
“15. The evaluation shall be conducted in two stages.
6.8.5.5.5 The requirement to use the kidney to maintain dangerous goods should be met by the requirement of 6.8.3.1.3.
“3. States shall examine their infrastructure and determine their interdependence in order to enhance the protection of such facilities.
Reaffirming the need to strengthen the role of scientific and technical activities of the organizations of the United Nations system and of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development in providing policy guidance, in particular on issues related to developing countries,
From Wednesday, 3 December 2003, to the end of the month, the President of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings daily on the work of the Council on the same day for States Members of the United Nations that are not members of the Council, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/512)
A/C.2/58/L.49 Item 95 -- Implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development -- Draft resolution submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.8 -- International Decade for Action, “Water for Life”, 2005-2015 [A C E F R S]
Paragraph 134 indicated that young girls were given the space they needed to achieve themselves.
As a Main Committee of the General Assembly cancelled the meeting scheduled to be held on 27 October, the proposed meeting of the Open-ended Working Group on Commodities could be absorbed by available conference-servicing resources.
In this regard, we note in particular that the 2003 Human Rights Development Report makes it clear that, if the situation is not rapidly improving, sub-Saharan Africa will have to achieve the goal of universal primary education in 2199, and that by 2147 extreme poverty will not be reduced by two thirds to 2015.
The gravity of the situation in Africa poses a real danger to international peace and security.
This is Eritrea's understanding of Africa's recovery.
Developing country producers must overcome a range of obstacles in order to use these growing markets.
We also hope that the Helsinki Commission will facilitate the work of the Commission.
This reprehensible murder resulted in the death of three Israeli citizens and the wounding of some forty-seven others.
“With regard to the ratione temporis, the complainant found himself in a continuing situation, which undoubtedly originated in the entry into force of the Convention for Belgium (14 June 1955), but continued until the effective date, since the deprivation in question was `for life'”.
In particular, the Human Rights Committee and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights frequently found violations of more than one provision, and subsequently recommended that a package of measures be adopted, which could be classified as above.
In response to the State party's objection to admissibility on the grounds that the acts complained of are not carried out by State organs but by the Chamber of Commerce and Industry Insurance which the State party cannot influence; in this regard, the Human Rights Committee considers that the State party's obligation under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights to assign part of its functions to other autonomous bodies remains.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination also addressed the issue of alleged discrimination in the loan market, the use of humiliating languages by individuals, 203 and access to public places or the use of public services.
Human Rights Committee, communication No. 172/1984, Brokers v. The Netherlands, Views of 9 April 1987, A/42/40, annex VIII, sect. B, para.
See, for example, Human Rights Committee communication No. 505/1992; Ackla v. Togo, Views of 25 March 1996, A/51/40, vol. II, annex VIII, sect. I, para. 12; communication No. 747/1997, Des Fours Walderode and Kammer v. Czech Republic, Views of 30 November 2001, A/57/40, vol. II, annex IX, sect.
Report of the Secretariat on the world situation with regard to drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
Graduates of vocational schools were selected for further training at universities to become teachers and managers of cooperatives were sent to study abroad.
On 13 May 2003, following the decision of the Audit Tribunal, Radio Bomolom was reopened, the first case in which the Tribunal has over the years overturned the decisions of the Administration.
Commentary
The events of the past year have placed the nuclear non-proliferation regime under pressure on many fronts and have clearly demonstrated the urgent need to strengthen the regime.
Under this joint programme, a contribution of $10 million and quick credit of $500 million have been agreed, and the complementarity between capacity-building and borrowing operations, as well as between the United Nations and development finance agencies, is expected to be demonstrated.
(a) Sustainable urbanization (policy framework):
HSP/GC/19/2/Add.2
The Special Rapporteur, Mr. Stephen McFore, presented a detailed study on the subject.
(d) Conflict cases;
Bulgaria has also signed a memorandum of understanding with Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, Romania, Poland and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia on the exchange of financial information.
Since then, there is no single joint central administration on the island, whether legally or in fact sufficient to represent the whole of Cyprus.
The Greek Cypriot political leaders have repeatedly referred to the principle that such issues should be resolved through a political settlement of the island.
Priorities for the transition phase include support for consolidation and stability; restoration of basic services and infrastructure; promotion of human rights and local capacity-building; and support for refugees and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, Djibouti's gross domestic product (GDP) grew by about 1 per cent.2 This positive development was confirmed in 2001, with an annual growth of 1.9 per cent and the outlook for 2002 moving in that direction.
Article 24 of Law No. 7.170/83 punishes the offence of wilful financing of terrorism in another different form: “For the purpose of fighting, recruitment, membership or support for an unlawful military organization, whether armed or unarmed, with uniform or non-arm”.
The security situation must also remain stable and conducive to the implementation of the Bonn Agreement.
The current arrangements include the period 2002-2003.
So far, around 300 kilometres of fences have been built to prevent Palestinian terrorists from crossing into the Israeli population settlement centre to kill civilians.
Germany deplored the recent upsurge in violence between Israelis and Palestinians.
The wall was not constructed along the Green Line.
The wall has the trenches, roads and fencing that it extended in parallel.
The European Union, in close contact with the parties concerned, is ready to help them implement the road map.
The Palestinian leadership must take practical steps to demonstrate its commitment to put an end to such acts by extremists.
“... the addressee cannot reasonably expect that the data message will be sent to that particular information system.
Proposed new paragraph
However, in the area of legislation and policy, it appears that no measures have been taken to mainstream a gender perspective into government policy.
Deeply concerned about the conflict in Liberia and its impact on the humanitarian situation in the country, including the tragic loss of innocent lives and its devastating impact on the stability of the region,
The overall theme of the High-level Dialogue was “The Monterrey Consensus — implementation and future mandate”.
The imbalance in draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.45 is based on the fact that it has only applied transparency measures with respect to conventional weapons and excluded weapons of mass destruction.
The Monterrey Conference had emphasized the need to reconcile national, regional and international policies and to coordinate the activities of the organizations and agencies, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions, that were responsible for financing for development.
31 March 2003
The diamond-mining inspectors, cross-border inspectors and airport inspectors are being identified to assist the Sierra Leone police in these critical areas.
Children's suffering is particularly marked by nightmaremare, urine beds, dysplaces and sleep insecurity.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that paragraphs 19 and 20 should be combined with the discussion of special priority and insolvency.
Governing bodies
Also decides that the Working Group will make recommendations on how to best address the review of the implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields, including the format and periodicity of the review, bearing in mind the importance of recognizing the positive role of all relevant stakeholders in the implementation of the outcomes of United Nations conferences and summits;
Aware of the need for greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and the relevant internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
Meeting of the Security Council with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The White Paper proposed that British citizenship be extended to citizens of overseas Territories, while requesting the Overseas Territories to amend their local legislation, in particular legislation on human rights and financial services regulation, to meet international standards.
In 2000, the Government spent EC$ 5 million to build roads, most of which were funded by the Anguilla Bank and the Caribbean Commercial Bank.
In the above-mentioned resolution, the General Assembly called upon States, the specialized agencies and non-governmental organizations to increase special allocations for grants and scholarships for Palestine refugees; invited the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, within their respective spheres of competence, to continue to assist Palestine refugee students in higher education; and requested the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) to act as recipients and trustees of such special allocations for grants and scholarships and scholarships and scholarships and to grant them and to provide them, and to eligible candidates for Palestine refugees.
Tunisia welcomed the recent publication of the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Charter's report on assistance to third States affected by sanctions.
The Committee should concentrate on a more small number of issues, avoiding the fragmentation of resources on issues that have already been of concern to other United Nations bodies, such as the Security Council Working Group on Sanctions and the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
(b) Domestic stability regimes
The protection of those who leave their homes is often difficult, as mass exoduses typically occur in situations of crisis and conflict in which national authorities are unable or unwilling to provide the most basic assistance and protection.
States recognize that they have primary responsibility for ensuring the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons.
KSF produced a copy of a book from Santa Fe Dilling Company and a full payment receipt from the company.
Mr. Roshdy (Egypt), speaking on behalf of China, Dominica, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, the Sudan, Swaziland and the United Arab Emirates, requested a separate recorded vote on paragraphs 3 (b) and 6 (e) of the draft resolution.
He took note of the fact that the President had not applied his earlier ruling on rule 129 of the rules of procedure, and hoped that the following statement would be recorded: that his delegation's understanding of the rule remained the same as that provided by the Office of Legal Affairs and the President's earlier explanations.
KFOR continues to provide assistance, upon request, to international and non-governmental organizations working throughout Kosovo and to provide security assistance in support of UNMIK police activities.
In doing so, India strongly condemns all acts of terrorism and violence.
Decides that major groups, including non-governmental organizations, shall participate in the meetings in accordance with rule 65 of the provisional rules of procedure of the International Meeting;
Requests the Department of Public Information of the Secretariat to provide the necessary resources, within existing resources, to ensure the widest possible dissemination of the goals and objectives of the International Conference on the Information of Member States, major groups, including non-governmental organizations, national, regional and international media, including through the Small Island Developing States News Network, to encourage contributions and support to the International Conference and its preparatory process;
Rule 61
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Legal Consultative Organization
The commitments made by Albania, Croatia and Macedonia under the Charter of the three Adriatic Countries will bring them closer to meeting the criteria of membership.
However, we still need to mobilize the necessary resources for the joint implementation of the declarations that have been adopted by all of us — which have given great hope in the minds of our extremely poor peoples.
Our efforts to re-energize the economy urgently need to be complemented by new foreign direct investment, the transfer of official development assistance, the transfer of technology and greater cooperation with Member States and global civil society.
We were equally saddened to learn that Ms. Agira Hashemi, member of the Iraqi Governing Council, died as a result of the recent terrorist attacks.
Recent events have proved that the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime has inherent limitations in dealing with identified proliferators.
The vision of Jean Moune and Robert Schumanmann led to the establishment of the European Coal and Steel Community, which was later expanded into the former multilateral integration institution known today as the European Union.
High-pressure instruments and acts intended to do so continue to pose a major threat to international peace and security.
“(6) bis
Choice of application or option
Some support was expressed for the proposal.
The Protocol will enter into force in January 2003.
The database is accessible through the National Statistics Institute website (www.die.gov.tr).
Rural women
A revised version of the document was submitted to the Security Council on 29 September 2003.
Also with respect to those targets, we are evaluating the evidence collected so far for each suspect.
The President: I now give the floor to Prosecutor Jallow to respond to any comments or questions.
Mr. Mirafzal (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that his country agreed with the analysis of the Secretary-General in his report (A/58/345) and his recommendations on enhancing support for and public awareness of South-South cooperation.
During the reporting period, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly exchanged communications with the Permanent Mission of Iraq to Geneva.
In addition, there are similar institutions in Hong Kong, the Occupied Palestinian Territory and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
2 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/58/37).
Provisional agenda for the ninth session of the Commission
On 13 September 2003, the revised draft text of the Cancún ministerial declaration (Job(03)/150/Rev.2) was submitted to the Conference, on the basis of which WTO members continued their consultations.
Developing countries generally believe that the revised draft does not adequately reflect their interests and concerns.
A major challenge is to incorporate climate change concerns into risk assessment and modelling.
“1. For those who use force, threaten the use of force or use other hijacking aircraft or vessels, imprisonment for a term of between 7 and 15 years.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
Summary
Response.
He welcomed the proposed mandate to further work on such measures, as well as the mandate on mines other than anti-personnel mines, and announced that the country had become one of the co-sponsors of the Danish and United States proposals on such mines.
Form of documentation
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
This is a good start, but the Unit will need considerable resources to fulfil our commitment to the rule of law.
Over the past decade, the number of internal conflicts has increased significantly and the nature of armed conflicts has changed significantly.
It was to be hoped that, in preparing the report, consultations would be held as widely as possible not only within the United Nations system, but also in relevant institutions and civil society.
The paragraph also deleted the phrase “with special attention to emergencies involving these minorities”.
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, the SBSTA, having considered a proposal by the Chair, adopted the following conclusions:
The FIU has signed agreements and memoranda of understanding to exchange information with other governmental agencies in Colombia, Spain and Panama on the investigation of financial networks.
• List of notes and items of importing companies;
Also in December, the Council of Europe experts held an initial discussion with UNMIK and local leaders at the central and municipal levels, and began the process of building consensus on decentralization strategies from the grass-roots level.
A code of discipline has been implemented and a recruitment policy will soon be approved.
In its report on its forty-sixth session, the Committee endorsed the recommendation of the working group established to prepare a report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session to review the progress made in the implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III) and endorsed the national reports prepared for the next session of the Subcommittee that would highlight the new mechanisms and initiatives implemented by Member States in response to the recommendations of UNISPACE III.
This has enabled Sweden to obtain full data from all regions of Europe from Earth observation satellites through a direct reception model.
The Latin American and Caribbean Group would participate actively and effectively in the work of ensuring that the final outcome of the Conference would be acceptable to all countries, both in form and in substance.
During the meetings of the Standing Committee in February and May 2003, two expert seminars on demining technology were held at the Geneva International Centre for Humanitarian Demining (GICHD) and an annex to the final report of the Standing Committee was prepared on the basis of the results of the two seminars.
International testing and evaluation programme: an international programme that will help participating States to work together to avoid duplication of efforts, dedicated to testing and evaluating humanitarian demining equipment, systems and tools.
(c) To provide all necessary assistance to enable his Special Envoy to implement this resolution and to explore any possibility of fully and effectively discharging his mandate in the context of his mediation role;
The participation of developing countries in regional trade arrangements and bilateral trade arrangements does not diminish the important role that multilateral systems play in them; there will be no alternative if they are to move towards a truly non-discriminatory open system.
Finding solutions needed to take into account the actual trade economy of a particular country and assess its characteristics.
International Telecommunication Union
General Category
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling decision 14/COP.4 on the reappointment of an ad hoc group on early warning systems,
Requests the Secretariat, in cooperation with the CST Expert Group, to select three to four representative case studies in the reports received by the Parties, to be submitted by Parties to the CST at its seventh session;
The other Chairmen of the Main Committees of the General Assembly often use this approach.
The Advisory Committee recalls that the General Assembly, in its resolution 56/294 of 27 June 2002, appropriated an amount of $38,991,800 gross ($38,072,000 net) for the maintenance of the Force for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, the increase in local staff salaries, with effect from 1 July 2002, and an estimated amount of $35,000 for local staff travelling daily to and from the Damascus and Faouar camps, was taken into account.
Each year's federal budget has an allocation for the protection of the safety of stockpiled chemical weapons, and improving such security is an area of international cooperation.
At the same time, the Office for Equal Opportunities has already applied a number of procedures to be adopted by the Advocate.
(2) Providing or demonstrating to terrorist organizations, subject to their instructions or cooperation, the supply of skills or know-how;
The Chairman said that the term “legal provisions” might give the impression of referring to other laws, while “legal” meant expressly referring to the law relating to the concession contract.
The daily conflict has ultimately affected civilians, has caused socio-economic paralysis and has deteriorated as a result of the blockade.
That was reflected in Security Council resolution 1397 (2002), which reaffirmed the importance of the principle of two States living side by side within secure and recognized borders.
The destructive policies of those countries and the grave threats posed by those regimes, as well as the illegal nuclear weapons programme of Iran, the hostile intentions and the dreadful combination of its oppressive regime, are unknown to delegates and the world as a whole.
According to the assessment of UNOMIG, the overall situation in the Zugdidi sector was generally calm.
I would now like to turn to some of the Agency's work that the international community has focused on.
I have often heard from donor countries, and I do not know what the antidote of donors is.
He spoke eloquently, honestly and frankly about the slick and mutation that the countries that depended on commodities were facing.
The above Guidelines are intended to provide a normative and consistent risk assessment framework that enables the Government to respond to threat-reduction changes with variations in the vulnerability of ships and port facilities.
In addition, intensive aquaculture itself became a source of pollution.
In this regard, the Code stresses that special efforts should be made to protect these habitats from other important impacts of human activities that are not destructive, degraded, polluted and threatened with the health and viability of fisheries resources.
Flag State control over their vessels must be strengthened.
See also the press comprehensive material published by the Energy and Transportation Division of the European Commission on 8 January 2003.
He also recommended that the Special Rapporteur be authorized to deal with issues requiring prior clarification.
The Committee recommended that the follow-up to the ESCAP regional follow-up should include efforts to promote regional and subregional cooperation; help establish a network of information exchange and policy and exchange of experiences; mobilize resources; and promote best practices.
The secretariat annually updates the country database based on the three criteria adopted by the modified system.
Strengthen the capacity of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to fight poverty and incorporate it into the field of human rights with a view to developing a national plan of action.
New York, 12-23 May 2003
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session of the Board.
Recalling further General Assembly resolution 32/162 of 19 December 1977, entitled “Institutional arrangements for international cooperation in the field of human settlements”, in particular Part VIII thereof, “Cooperation with organizations outside the United Nations system”,
The Committee welcomes the presentation of the executive direction and management component in the results-based budgeting format, namely, through objectives, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement.
The Committee also stressed that the three subprogrammes submitted should enhance the coordination of constructive partnerships in a comprehensive and integrated socio-economic initiative for Africa's development.
Concern was expressed that the establishment of the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States had led to the proposal to discontinue certain outputs.
It was noted that statistics were one of the areas where duplication could occur.
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should make every effort to promote cooperation and division of labour with other United Nations departments, agencies and specialized agencies and ensure consistency in its policies.
Table 24.13
Replace the paragraph with the following: “(c) Support the implementation of the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development in all areas of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation through the strengthening of the knowledge base for sustainable development; the implementation of technology transfer and the more effective use of national and regional reports and other information on progress in the implementation of sustainable development; and the use of contemporary methods of data collection and dissemination, including the increased use of information technology, in focusing on the thematic clusters of the multi-year work programme of the work programme of the Commission on the work programme of work of work of work of work of work of the work of the Commission on the Commission on the work of the work of the work of the Commission on the Commission on the work programme of the Commission on sustainable development.
The view was expressed that recommendations 3 and 8 appeared to be too demanding and should be treated with caution.
It was reported that, in addition to the de jure non-recognition of the Roma in the countries of the Americas (Colombia), there were social discrimination against the Roma in many places, and that incidents of ill-treatment of the Roma by the police were frequent in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
With regard to the provision of appropriate and effective remedies, it is proposed that an independent court or tribunal consisting of members of minorities be established.
However, it is difficult to establish international standards that adequately integrate the two measures without imposing restrictions on some countries.
They also outlined the work of the Office of the High Commissioner, including in relation to strengthening the regional network of national institutions.
Accepts the audited financial statements of the United Nations peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002;
Group I
Reaffirms its approval of the 2002 report of the United Nations Mission in Tokelau;2
The General Assembly, in its resolution 56/219 of 21 December 2001, took note with appreciation of the strategy, which outlined the overall objectives of mine action and recommended the areas to be given priority by the international community as a whole for the period 2001-2005.
These three judicial processes are mutually exclusive and mutually reinforcing and can contribute to justice and reconciliation in Rwanda.
This record is equally important as the obligation to exercise the law and to regulate justice.
According to the legislation in force, representatives of the ICTY have the right to be heard in proceedings and to obtain the Tribunal's archives, and evidence obtained by the ICTY can also be directly used in domestic trials.
However, the United Nations was unable to act on Iraq and failed to stop the bloodshed there, and the United Nations failed to resolve the worsening crisis in the Middle East in half a century.
The importance of the General Assembly as the principal decision and decision-making organ of the United Nations makes it imperative to give serious consideration to the recommendations made in the debate.
It was asked how can we support preventive efforts such as in the same place?
United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea
An ecosystem approach needs to expand this function and process that must be taken into account in management decisions.
Invites civil society, non-governmental organizations and the private sector to contribute further to the intergovernmental preparatory process for the Summit, in accordance with the modalities of participation established by the Preparatory Committee, and to participate actively in the Summit;
The International Law Commission had previously considered the issue of exhaustion of local remedies in the context of State responsibility as “principles of general international law” in the context of judicial decisions, State practice, treaties and the writings of jurists.
According to the theory of the right to a remedy, the injured alien is only required to exhaust remedies that derive from the right and may lead to binding decisions.
See also C.F. Amerasinghe, Local Remedies in International Law, 1990.
(a) The General Assembly decided to leave the airfare currently used for attendance at the General Assembly for use by delegations of the least developed countries in the sessions of the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with the principle of first resort;
Mr. Estrella Faria (Secretariat) said that, as noted in the footnote, the alternative wording was intended to address the ways in which the concessionaire might be granted the right to land by a study conducted through the legislation of many States.
Prior to the submission of the twenty-fifth instalment claims to the Panel, the secretariat of the Commission undertook a preliminary assessment of these claims in accordance with the Rules.
Although a number of claimants were received, none of them met the above criteria.
Contributing to development effectiveness at the national level
Recalling also its decision 2001/320 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to include in the regular sub-item entitled “Review and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010” under the regular agenda item entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of and follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits”,
The review was mandated by the General Assembly, and the approach taken by OIOS to this mandate focused on a number of administrative areas where the Organization's output could be improved after simplification.
The States of the Council reaffirmed their determination to sign, ratify and implement the relevant United Nations conventions against terrorism.
The Bill deals with the following:
18 June 2004
In that resolution, the Council addressed other mandates to the Group of Experts and referred to how the work of the Group could contribute to raising awareness of the illegal exploitation of natural resources and other forms of wealth in the Democratic Republic of the Congo in conflict situations and, in particular, the relationship between the problem and the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
Results of dialogue and cooperation with the parties
The fifth category of parties, despite the opportunity, did not respond to the Group's report.
No one of the above recommendations can be implemented in the long term unless a regional solution is found.
Slovenia has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 7 July 2003.
Noting that family-related provisions of the outcomes of the United Nations summits and world conferences and their follow-up processes of the 1990s continue to provide policy guidance on how to strengthen family-centred components of policies and programmes as part of a comprehensive development approach,
The present report is prepared in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1390 (2002).
Mr. Mselle (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions), introducing the report of ACABQ on the reports of the Board of Auditors (A/57/439), noted that the late issuance of those reports and the report of the Board of Auditors on the implementation of its recommendations remained a matter of great concern.
With regard to the payment of advances by the Central Emergency Revolving Fund, the European Union shared the Committee's view that the status of contributions to the Humanitarian Coordination Board in 1998 was unclear.
If so, please provide this information to the Committee as well as similar information on listed entities.
If so, please provide the reasons, the number and dates of the freezing or restitution.
In our banking and financial system, other legal entities or natural persons (public witnesses, lawyers or financial administrators) are not authorized to undertake any kind of financial activity.
Expressing its appreciation to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for his important work during the first three years of his mandate,
Second regular session 2003
It forms part of a well-known and long-term policy of the occupying Power and its subordinate local administration, namely, to deny the Turkish Cypriots who advocate the reunification of Cyprus, who do not possess the occupying forces and become a member of the European Union.
At different scales, the “biological trade” exercise is also designed to combine the environmental and social aspects of trade and biodiversity.
This would mean: (a) to include, to the extent possible, potential new areas of knowledge related to the subject of development in the context of capacity development efforts; and (b) to introduce flexibility in the design of actions so that new topics or new models can be adapted where necessary.
Concluding remarks and recommendations
The mandate of the Doha Conference meant that the international community was working together to reorient WTO towards development.
The General Assembly should be actively involved in the decision-making process to sanction a Member State and should follow up on its implementation.
These unilateral actions are contrary to international law and the Charter of the United Nations and create obstacles to trade and financial relations among States and hamper the pace of economic and social development in the affected countries.
The Committee asked why baseline data on performance measurement were lacking in three bienniums and why there were no proposed terminations of outputs.
Several factors have contributed to this change.
(t) “Private personnel” shall mean any employee, executor, manager or official of any entity, organization, enterprise or private legal person other than the office in which the public official functions;
Rule 21
(b) In conformity with the basic concepts of its legal system:
(c) For the purposes of subparagraph (b) above, predicate offences shall include offences committed outside the jurisdiction of the State Party concerned.
Rule 37
However, the requested State Party may, where it deems appropriate, provide assistance to the extent of its discretion, regardless of whether the act constitutes an offence under the domestic law of the requested State Party.
(b) The subject matter and nature of the investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings to which the request relates, as well as the name and functions of the department conducting the investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings;
States Parties shall [exercise] [take] measures to ensure that their banks and financial institutions maintain records of transactions carried out within an appropriate time period.
During the second reading of the draft text at the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan proposed the following wording:
Those delegations expressed the view that it was also important to ensure that the system designed by the Convention took into account existing regional mechanisms and to avoid unnecessary duplication as much as possible.
Emissions growth in all sectors is projected for the period 2000-2010 (in accordance with the “measures” scenario), except for waste management.
Note: Notes on national codes, see annex.
These rates include the remuneration of lawyers and office costs.
One of the last third of the total amount retained was the amount of instalments that could be used to cover the additional month if the trial stage was long in advance of the earlier scheduled time.
The full text of the interview is attached for your information.
If an organization recognized as terrorism is cleaned, its assets are confiscated and transferred to the State.
To date, more than 50 foreign ministers have expressed their support for the joint statement.
In accordance with article 23 of the Convention, adolescents with mental and/or physical disabilities have equal rights to the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health.
Agenda
Forest-related definitions
The process of preparing the present report shows that, while cooperation among developing countries has been very extensive as a result of better operational and cost-effectiveness, most of those engaged in collaborative practices do not have the guidance of institutional policy.
Many Governments have abandoned the prescriptive concept that prevailed during the Buenos Aires Conference.
Both African LDCs indicated that political conflicts and lack of financial resources were major obstacles to expanding South-South cooperation.
UNDP field staff networks have been expanded and are working with key partners to utilize these resources to provide advisory services to programme member countries.
A successful response to terrorism would need to be focused on three main counter-terrorism areas: first, preventing terrorists from engaging in terrorist activities (e.g. preventing the financing of terrorism, combating fraudulent documents and the non- supply of weapons, etc.); secondly, refraining from harbouring terrorists and ensuring the prosecution and/or extradition of terrorists (e.g. by expediting the conclusion of anti-terrorism conventions and protocols, denying terrorists entry, and strengthening of law enforcement agencies, etc.); and, third, enhancing resistance to terrorism resistance to terrorism (e.
The development dimension must be an integral part of international investment agreements in support of national policies that attract more FDI and benefit more from it.
A national film exhibition was organized by NGOs to improve the image of women and eliminate stereotypes.
Ms. Popescu Sandru said that she wished to know the current situation of indigenous women in Ecuador.
In addition, the Committee would appreciate information on literacy training and the retention of girls in schools by reducing teenage pregnancy rates.
The construction of the wall is a unilateral act that is incompatible with the road map, which makes it more difficult to create a viable and contiguous Palestinian State.
Institutional capacity-building.
First session (first part and second resumed session)
The sall and Handicraft Industries in Jordan, Amman, Industrial Development Bank, 1976 (with others).
The Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Secretary-General of the United Nations and, with reference to the notes of the Secretary-General dated 7 November 2002 and 14 February 2003, has the honour to inform the Legal Counsel of the United Nations that Mr. Peter Lowr, Officer-in-Charge of the Financial Services Branch of the United Kingdom, is a member of the Committee on Budget and Finance of the International Criminal Court.
Resident Partner, Lilongwekul Labud International Accounting Corporation, Malawi
Convinced of the urgent need to combat organized crime and terrorism in all its forms and manifestations and to enhance international cooperation and technical assistance in this regard;
For example, the three countries with the highest port opening up to the private sector (Tanzania, Mozambique and Djibouti) lack sufficient funding and are implementing structural adjustment programmes.
Former Prime Minister of Mali
The Chairman said that draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.47 had been submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Ms. Cronenberg-Mosberg (Sweden), on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.21.
Contents
Portugal supports the statement made on behalf of the European Union and agrees with the current wording of articles 1 and 3.
Financial contracts and net settlement
Such termination and set-off should be permitted to determine the net risk exposure, regardless of whether the termination of these contracts took place before or after the commencement of the insolvency proceedings.
In response to the interest expressed by the Chief Prosecutor in some of the preliminary investigation reports that OHCHR has conducted on behalf of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, in particular the mapping and forensic reports, the High Commissioner agreed to facilitate the sharing of those documents between the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court.
(a) Develop administrative policies, procedures and mechanisms to facilitate the efficient and effective functioning of the system of administration of justice, including prompt action, where necessary, to address the appeals of staff;
The Committee considered agenda item 4 (b) at its 2nd meeting, on 4 March 2003.
(Programme 24 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005)
The present report is submitted in response to that request.
There are currently two prominent human rights activists who are accused of treason.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Emphasizes the importance of the implementation of the follow-up activities to the Programme of Action related to ensuring respect for human rights, which are an important factor in managing migratory flows, consolidating democracy and achieving the rule of law and stability;
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on the progress made in the implementation of the Programme of Action;
Requests ECOWAS to report regularly to the Committee on the implementation of all activities undertaken by its members in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 17 above and with the implementation of the present resolution, in particular the implementation of the ECOWAS moratorium on small arms and light weapons referred to in the preamble to the present resolution;
Joint meeting of UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP
A number of country teams participated in some specific aspects of the debate: Benin participated in the debate on simplification and harmonization, Malawi's participation in the debate on HIV/AIDS and Nepal's participation in the Millennium Development Goals debate.
Question of the violation of human rights in the occupied Arab territories, including Palestine
The Committee held a formal meeting (450th meeting) and the Chairman held several consultations and meetings during 2003.
The Panel has been unable to establish any direct link between these requirements and what is happening in Liberia today.
Many eyewitnesses reported to the Panel that many individuals were able to violate the prohibition because they had a multinational nationality or residence permit in other countries.
The evaluation identified weaknesses in project effectiveness.
Promote and protect the rights of Nigerian women and children in accordance with global standards.
3 p.m. 65th plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
Information was also provided on the situation of various ethnic groups in the Niger.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit an updated report and to make recommendations on how to address the issue of the owed to Member States of closed but net cash deficits of peacekeeping missions for consideration by the General Assembly at its resumed fifty-eighth session;
Noting with satisfaction that the Inter-Organization Programme for the Sound Management of Chemicals has consolidated a draft based on the input of the Subcommittee on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, the International Labour Organization and the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, and that the Commission may, after its consideration of the draft, reach consensus on a globally harmonized system,
Cessation of the nuclear arms race and nuclear disarmament.
It is therefore essential that we fully support this effort.
Greater efforts must be made to identify those acts of terrorism that are the result of fanaticism or criminal intent that are not a cure, and which are the result of political or economic injustices.
The President (spoke in French): I now give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Luis Ernesto Derbe, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
China is also a victim of terrorism.
Such principles are more significant when the world is at greater risk.
How do we do this?
However, there are problems that cannot be brought to the attention of an objective observer.
Another threat to international peace and security — and you can also correct our assessment — is vertical proliferation.
Group of 77 (at the ambassadorial level)
As Mr. Mohamed Bennouna pointed out a few minutes ago, this arrangement ensured the smooth handover of the presidency's responsibilities and was vital to ensuring the effective functioning of the General Assembly.
These concerns are: land law enforcement; forestry and agricultural concessions are not sufficient to effectively guarantee the poor; some are entitled to compensation for the displaced as a result of road construction projects; and children and the poor who move to the streets of Phnom Penh.
This fact, coupled with the need to focus on vulnerability and risk analysis, reflects the need to move from emergency relief to prevention.
Treaty between Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation concerning the extradition of persons sentenced to imprisonment for a period of imprisonment (18 May 1995).
The death of a person or other significant consequence of the above acts shall be punishable by imprisonment for a term of 10 to 25 years.
The foregoing acts are:
A/58/7/Add.13; for the final text, see Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 7.
Why was the Executive Chairman of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) and the Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) told us?
Only after the threat of the use of force and the unanimous adoption of Security Council resolution 1441 (2002) — a final opportunity for the Government of Iraq and the unconditional, immediate and active cooperation with inspectors in the disarmament process — can some progress be made in that cooperation, but still fall far short of “conditional, immediate and positive”.
What is the meaning of the right to health from a legal standpoint?
The third type of disease - a disease that is seriously neglected - receives little research and development in rich countries and is largely free of commercial research and development.
Global anti-terrorism standards.
Advocacy and dissemination of the Directory of Counter-Terrorism Information and Assistance Resources, which has been centralized by the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
Main findings
A detailed study on adult sex workers was conducted by the Legal Aid Centre in 2002.
Questions were raised as to the current practice of paragraph 8.1 to interfere with the use of certain types of transport documents, such as the “propisable” bill of lading and the “built” bill of lading.
A general comment was made noting that the provisions of chapter 8 of the draft instrument used the term “document or electronic record” from its inception to its end, with the aim of emphasizing the distinction between transport documents and electronic records, rather than focusing on the content of documents, as intended by the Working Group's mandate.
A similar concern was expressed with respect to subparagraph 12.1.2.2 and the text of the draft article should indicate the liability of the holder exercising any of the rights under the contract of carriage under the contract of carriage under the contract of carriage.
It was further noted that the draft instrument should address other issues that might conflict between the draft instrument and other transport conventions in the manner proposed in the Swedish proposal, such as issues that were not specifically identified on how to calculate compensation and damage (see paras. 258 and 264-267, respectively).
The Permanent Missions and Observer Missions are reminded that, for security reasons, the garage is scheduled to close at 8 p.m. on Sunday, 21 September 2003, and to reopen the vehicle to the authorized vehicle at 4 p.m. on Monday, 22 September 2003.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica (29 September 2003)1
These activities reflect the increasing importance of the procurement system for the national economy and highlight the efforts of international agencies that need to coordinate their activities in the field of procurement.
In accordance with the conclusions of the SBSTA at its eighteenth session, the secretariat will use this information to work with civil aviation organizations on further methodologies for improving the quality of data reporting and to support the work of experts reviewing Annex I GHG inventories.
Action: The SBSTA was invited to consider the information provided in the document and provide guidance to Parties and the secretariat, as appropriate.
In addition, the authorities demanded that all air transport must take off from the north.
FAO and non-governmental organizations have supported the reporting of livestock disease systems and livestock vaccinations;
The Department's booklet entitled “The United Nations and decolonization” was drafted in 2001 by the Decolonization Unit of the Department of Political Affairs, which responded to numerous queries from individuals and organizations from Non-Self-Governing Territories, whose problems focused mainly on the role of the United Nations in the Non-Self-Governing Territories, the work of the Special Committee, the 1996 Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, the options for the future status of the Territories, and the assistance available to the Territories.
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) noted with satisfaction the comprehensive coverage by the Anguilla press of the press of the Department of Public Information press releases on the Caribbean regional seminar, which had also broadcast the debate that had taken place in Parliament on the basis of that press release.
According to this article of Swiss law, there is every reason to freeze the assets of individuals and entities suspected of being associated with Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or the Taliban.
If the annex to the Act changes, the EVA system will be modified immediately.
The possibility of providing assistance to other States to help them implement the measures imposed by the relevant United Nations resolutions is being studied.
Potential implementation options
14.9 Pursuant to General Assembly resolutions 56/253 and 57/292, on the further strengthening of the United Nations Office at Nairobi, proposals to strengthen the regular budget component of the Office will be included in section 29G, Administration, Nairobi, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
(iii) Exhibitions, guided tours, lectures: exhibitions and graphics, photographic materials and services (1); guided tours and collective visits (1);
But the success or failure of the entire Monterrey vision is fundamentally dependent on the assumption of a larger vision of global partnership.
At present, we must work to reflect the spirit of partnership that we have seen in Monterrey between rich and poor.
Review of human settlements policies.
Commercial fraud may undermine commercial credibility and undermine industrial, regional, international banking systems, financial markets, international commercial documentary evidence, international trade to the stability of the country.
While cooperation with criminal law enforcement and regulatory authorities should be encouraged, business and commercial law also play an important role in preventing and combating commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal has also increasingly used similar powers conferred by the regime governing arbitration proceedings.
The use of traditional crime (e.g. identity theft, misappropriation of intellectual property, infringement of copyright, credit card fraud, software theft, tracking, extortion and other crimes) has also increased threats to business and government by attacking key infrastructure (e.g. public services, energy, transport and communications).
• Ensuring free access to outer space through measures that are equally applicable to all parties, while avoiding the release of debris wherever possible;
They have repeatedly stressed that economic underdevelopment, poverty and social disillusionment are root causes of a new conflict and that democracy, stability, security and peace cannot be consolidated without correcting the worsening state of international inequality.
They reiterated their conviction that, until nuclear weapons are not completely eliminated, the members of the Non-Aligned Movement should endeavour, as a matter of priority, to conclude a universal, unconditional and legally binding instrument on security assurances to non-nuclear-weapon States.
The Heads of State or Government were totally opposed to limiting the access of developing countries to markets or to providing assistance and technology to developing countries or linking them to multilateral trade negotiations on the basis of these issues.
The Financial Markets Council has also taken similar measures against stockbrokers.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, we should continue a series of restrictive votes.
I would be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as an official document of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights under agenda item 11.
To that end, an independent court or tribunal should be established and appropriate procedural guarantees should be provided for minorities whose rights have been violated.
Considering that every State party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights must ensure that all individuals within its territory and subject to its jurisdiction enjoy the rights recognized in the Covenant,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. IV.A, para.
Some $6.5 million would provide for civilian staff training and approximately $17.5 million for peacekeeping military training.
In practice, all Thai commercial banks and financial institutions follow the guidelines of the circular and report their actions to the Thai bank.
Addressing violence against women is a vital component of the strategy to combat HIV/AIDS.
(b) Campaigns and involvement of the media and eminent persons as good examples of men's roles and greater involvement of men in HIV/AIDS care and support activities;
Notes
Ibid.
UNFPA contributed to the development of a national population policy and updated census data, which are critical for better understanding of socio-economic and demographic issues for the preparation of the plan.
At the World Bank, the Advisory Group met with Mr. Callisto Madavo, Vice-President and Director of the African Regional Bureau; Ms. Mary Barton-Dock, National Coordinator, and Mr. Marcelo Andrade, National Economist and Head of the World Bank Mission in Guinea-Bissau.
- Act No. 70-209 of 20 March 1970 establishing the Financial Regulations and Rules for the Administration of Finance;
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a letter dated 15 January 2003 addressed to you by Reşat Çağlar, Representative of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (see annex).
Subsequently, the Advisory Group also expressed its support for this and thus contributed to the provision of development assistance to Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Regional preparatory meeting for the first session of the CRIC
The implementation of the UNCCD was discussed for the first time between all affected European Parties.
At the same time as the first session of the CRIC, a consultative meeting was held in Rome, Italy, in November 2002, with the aim of producing an analysis of the findings and identifying further measures on the needs and proposals of each of the Annex IV countries in regional cooperation.
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council adopted the recommendation of Ambassador Amorim to address the outstanding issue of arms reductions in the framework of the enhanced monitoring and verification mechanism.
A number of representatives commended the Executive Director for the comprehensive report and expressed their support for the approach outlined in the proposed programme of work.
The Committee of the Whole will consider the items referred to in paragraph 2 above and review the draft resolution from Tuesday, 8 April, to Friday, 11 April 2003.
Ensuring the security of the information contained in the information and telecommunications system is a major factor and a prerequisite for ensuring information security, national and national sovereignty and stable social development.
Decides to establish the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (MINUCI) for an initial period of six months, with a mandate to facilitate the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement by the Ivorian parties and to include a military component in the Mission in cooperation with the actions of the French and ECOWAS forces, in accordance with the options set out in the report of the Secretary-General (b);
Pursuant to resolution 1460 (2003), the parties to the conflict that recruit or use children in violation of their international obligations to which they are applicable immediately cease the recruitment or use of children;
We were greatly encouraged by the strong support for our initiative, as the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Kofi Annan, read out at this meeting on 21 January by the Secretary-General of the Conference on Disarmament, Mr. Ordzhonikidze.
“In reading the report of the 2001 annual session, I have a paradoxical affection.
Children continue to be the main victims of conflict.
In Sierra Leone in 1999, my Special Representative received a commitment from RUF to engage and release abducted children and child soldiers for humanitarian purposes, while the Civil Defence Force made a commitment not to recruit and demobilize child soldiers.
In its resolution 1460 (2003), the Council supported the call “era of application” and requested specific proposals for monitoring and reporting.
The situation in Somalia
The difficult time has passed since the outbreak of hostilities in Iraqi territory.
For its part, Japan will actively ensure that the United Nations fulfils the primary responsibility entrusted to it in order to find ways to meet the challenges facing the international community.
It is not an issue for disarmament experts.
In paragraph 6 of decision 9, the Governing Council established that the claimant who had filed a claim with the Commission had the responsibility to take reasonable steps to mitigate the loss “the total amount of the loss to be compensated would be less likely to reasonably avoid”.
At the wider level, significant progress has also been made in strengthening the United Nations Standby Arrangements System for Military, Civilian Police and Civilian Personnel and in the procurement and management of strategic deployment stocks at the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy.
Education is another major consideration, since poor families often do not have equal access to education or, in some cases, have no access.
If migrants fail to meet their time requirements, social welfare requirements may jeopardize the rights of migrants and the right of their families to remain in the host country.
Urban migration has eroded intergenerational support for indigenous peoples for many years and has cut off relations with traditional areas.
In a number of countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, the elderly, who are physically weak, are considered particularly vulnerable to abandonment, and many of them, after their departure from the labour market, are quickly disrupted with their families, thereby losing material support.
Such a legal framework often does not protect the traditional knowledge and cultural heritage of indigenous peoples, which emphasize their common ownership of all their resources.
The lack of coherence between development policies and international cooperation is striking.
Recalling further its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Taking into account:
International Association for Access Education and Research
As explained in note 136 of the present report, the Council will also consider the issue of claims preparation costs in the future.
In one claim, the amount claimed is the amount owed for goods sold to Iraq under a sales contract with agents in a third State.
/ E2(3) report, paragraph 82 (citing E2(2) report, paragraph 60 and F1(1.1) report, paragraphs 94-96).
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit to you for your information a document dated 30 April 2003, entitled “Appointment by the Organization of American States of technical experts to assist in the demarcation of the El Salvador-Honduras border”, in connection with the ruling of the International Court of Justice on the question of Honduras.
UNHCR assisted refugees, especially women and female-headed households, in access to adequate housing, which constitute a major vulnerable group.
See http://www.unicef.org/programme/wes/whem.htm.
UNCTAD could play an important role in promoting North-South consensus on the multilateral trading system, identifying approaches to trade and development that balance South-North interests, assisting developing countries in preparing for multilateral trade negotiations and in developing national trade policies.
The specific application of the above provisions would be subject to the complexity and the details of the request in each particular case and, if the time limits were not met, the schedule would be agreed with the requesting party.
The largest trading partner in American Samoa is the United States, followed by New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, the Sudan, Tunisia, the United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine: amendment to draft resolution A/C.4/58/L.9/Rev.1
The security wall has serious human rights problems.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly found that new settlements are still being built and that existing settlements continue to expand.
Second supplementary report submitted by the Government of the Republic of Moldova to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC) pursuant to a letter dated 11 July 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Counter-Terrorism Committee
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. Campbach Miguén (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation would like to point out that it joined the consensus in adopting draft resolution A/58/L.39, on the strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations, but that does not mean that my country endorses — by borrowing the language of the draft resolution — the use of the concepts of operative paragraph 12, such as the “Culture of protection”, which we have not adequately discussed in the framework of the work of the Organization, and that, because they are ambiguous nature of the relevant principles enshrined in the General Assembly resolution 46/182 of 19 December 1991, might distort the General Assembly resolution.
The Assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 40.
Paragraphs 3 to 8 contain its comments on the completion strategy developed by the Tribunal.
Table 6 (report, para. 45) provides a breakdown of income by $13.2 million.
However, the main purpose of verification should not be forgotten because of economic constraints.
The President: There were 15 votes in favour.
We know the end of the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty, which is the cornerstone of international security.
Acts of terrorism against extremist groups or individuals, no matter how serious they are, should not be carried out by the powerful State in accordance with its inherent legitimate right to self-defence, unilaterally waging a potentially unpredictable war of a global character, since countless innocent civilians may die from this war.
It would be counterproductive to shy away from the most important question of defining the content of this law.
In recent national elections, a government-funded campaign encouraged voters to vote for women.
In Ghana, the strong link between the Millennium Development Goals and national poverty reduction strategy papers is a major feature of the country's first Millennium Development Goals report.
Since it had participated in the CICAD project on chemical precursors, it had been assisted by the Legal Counsel of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) in the preparation of the new draft legislation.
In this framework, the Executive Board was also requested to approve the establishment of a funded reserve for after-service health insurance.
The meeting heard a comprehensive presentation on the completed national assessment report and a summary of the outstanding reports, an overview of the achievements of the Caribbean region in achieving sustainable development, the ongoing challenges in the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action and emerging issues.
The meeting was informed that a number of research projects were being carried out in the fields of molecular biology, biotechnology and medicine.
Rule 129
Measures already exist in the region to address law enforcement issues at the Forum level.
The objective should be to establish a management mechanism with a better understanding of the resources involved and the environment in which prospecting is carried out.
Item 42 of the provisional agenda*
The progress made during the period since May 2002 in the follow-up to the special session on children has been comprehensive and regional; highlights the actions already taken in the four main goals; and calls for further efforts to achieve “A world fit for children”.
They also prepared a statement to the Government, NGOs and civil society organizations in the region urging them to support the beneficial participation of children and youth.
Noting the increasing recognition in the international community of the negative impact of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations on the full enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms and on the establishment of the rule of law and democratic freedom, in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations and the International Covenants on Human Rights,
IRSG International Rubber Research Group II
Emphasizing the temporary nature of UNIFIL,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
gratis personnel provided by Governments and other entities (continued)
Recalling also General Assembly resolutions 56/1 of 12 September 2001 and 57/27 of 19 November 2002, in which the Assembly strongly condemned the heinous acts of terrorism that took place on 11 September 2001, in which it also condemned the heinous acts of terrorism that took place in Bari and Moscow and urgently called for international cooperation in preventing and eradicating acts of terrorism, and recalling Security Council resolution 1465 (2003) of 13 February 2003, in which it condemned the bombings in Bogotá of 7 February 2003,
New York, 9-13 June 2003
Post-conflict work has become a key element of the global activities of UNDP and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF).
Decides to allocate to the Fifth Committee the items proposed for consideration by the Fifth Committee in the memorandum by the Secretary-General.
Fifth Committee
The United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity addresses the sustainability of biotechnology.
New biotechnology can complement these obsolete technologies and enhance their effectiveness.
It is no point that the question of the financial sovereignty of the Cayman Islands will be resolved during both visits.
The participation of all nuclear-weapon States, as appropriate, in the process that ultimately leads to the total elimination of their nuclear weapons is prompt.
The social dimension of protection requires that all refugee individuals, groups and communities themselves become actors of a solution and participate in all stages of planning and decision-making.
It will examine the more strategic use of resettlement and the use of resettlement in the framework of additional documents to the Convention, as well as the collaborative work programme with countries that voluntarily promote “special agreements”.
However, this does not apply to refugees who are reasonably believed to be a threat to security or who have been sentenced by a legitimate court for a particular serious crime.
Encourages parents and legal guardians to make every effort to ensure that their children's education is in the interest of:
In many parts of the world, the former Soviet Union, the former Yugoslavia and Asia, Africa and Central America, and parts of South America, witnessed numerous ethnic and religious violence.
S-19/2 Programme for the further implementation of Agenda 21
Health services in Nepal are based on integrated primary health care and referral systems.
In addition, new actions are being taken in the field of health.
At the policy level, for example, only 4.02 per cent of senior female administrators (table 1).
The number of schools and students at all levels has steadily increased (table 5).
In the lower secondary school (11 to 13 years old), the net enrolment rate for girls was reduced to 26.2 per cent for boys to 36.5 per cent, indicating that more than two thirds of children in the age group were denied access to education.
Mainstreaming Gender Equality Programme (Ministry of Women, Children and Social Welfare) 2001: Engendering Nepal Civil Service with Reproductive Reference to Promotion and Industry in Administrative Services, Kathmandu, Kathmandu.
Unfortunately, after decades of occupation, bloody conflict and contempt for international legitimacy, the Israeli representative remains unaware that the path to peace depends on the State's implementation of 37 Security Council resolutions on the Arab Israeli conflict and almost 600 General Assembly resolutions on the same issue, all of which are still in vain by Israel's contempt for international law.
Nor will we reorient our policies by threats.
The efforts of the United Nations to stabilize, democratize and rebuild Iraq have our full support, and I also commend the brave and selfless work of the United Nations staff.
The United Nations should seize this opportunity through an objective and rational implementation of a programme, not through artillery or jet fighter planes, or by destroying the repugnant regime by mobilizing large numbers of troops.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Council called upon all States members of the Authority and others in a position to do so to contribute to the Voluntary Trust Fund.
In this regard, my delegation would like to emphasize the importance of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/184), which clearly warned us that, despite the measures taken by States to date, these measures are insufficient to prevent the negative social impact of the pandemic and to reduce the number of new cases.
The progress report of the Voorburg Group on Services Statistics (E/CN.3/2004/11) and the Inter-Agency Task Force on Statistics of International Trade in Services (conference room paper) is also being submitted to the Commission.
In accordance with rule 9 of the rules of procedure, the Committee will have before it the draft provisional agenda for its forty-third session and the list of documents to be submitted for its consideration.
This initiative is a model for the rest of the world and should be supported by the new Government.
(o) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur on the right to food (A/58/330)
In his written and oral statements, the representative of Burundi mentioned that Burundi had been unable to pay its arrears to the United Nations as a result of the terrible socio-economic situation in the country caused by the intense war that had been taking place there since 1993.
The Central African Republic stated in its written and oral statements that its serious economic and social problems were partly due to earlier internal conflicts and the continuing security problems.
The meeting was called to order at 3.05 p.m.
The United States therefore intended to work actively in the Fifth Committee to ensure that the draft resolution would not have a new budget.
3.3 Innovative ways of mobilizing resources for TCDC and ECDC (including resources from Governments in developing countries, donors under triangular arrangements and other sources).
Annex I
Paragraphs Page
(o) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas;
(s) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions [P.119]:
(a) Develop effective national legislation, policies and action plans and strengthen child-related governmental institutions, including, where appropriate, ministers responsible for children's issues and independent commissioners for the rights of the child;
I, resolution 1, annex.
It was stated that it would help to avoid a problem that became clearer by e-commerce and would not be an important objective of the draft article.
The Working Group took note of this proposal on the wording of the draft and agreed that it could be considered at a later stage.
As of today, civil society and the private sector have fully supported the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which has created additional benefits for many countries that are deepening their commitment to the values and practices of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
Angola is ready to continue to participate in regional and subregional programmes, such as networking projects, and to enhance the capacity of African countries to better respond to the challenges facing the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
As part of a better management and strengthening of the monitoring and evaluation system, CPC had increased its focus on the evaluation of programme performance, ensuring that the Organization was moving in the right direction and strengthening the oversight role of Member States in that regard.
We have not seen progress, but we have seen a departure from a peaceful settlement and a setback to negotiations.
Strengthening the capacity of the Sierra Leone police
Every word of the plan has been determined by a number of puzzling, careful and comprehensive weighing.
This would restore a predictable and unrestricted business environment, which has had a serious negative impact on investor confidence.
33 Turks and Caicos Weekly, 13-26 January 2001.
Support was expressed for the proposal under this paragraph.
I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate the gratitude of the Ivorian people and the Government to Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his tireless work in peace with Africa in the world, and to make every effort to restore peace in Côte d'Ivoire and to provide its personal and organizational support.
Our accession to the 12 United Nations conventions and protocols relating to terrorism is at an advanced stage.
The Kosovo Assembly passed the insolvency law on 13 March.
(g) Conscientious objection to military service 313 - 405 384
Noting that, despite progress, difficulties remain in the implementation of the settlement plan,
Welcoming the proclamation by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/6 of the Global Agenda for Dialogue among Civilizations and inviting States, organizations and bodies of the United Nations system, within existing resources and other international and regional organizations and civil society to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action contained in that resolution,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the overall trends and developments in his mandate, a full report to the Commission at its sixtieth session and an addendum containing all replies received from Governments in any of the official languages of the United Nations;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, within existing resources and in cooperation with interested Governments, to convene a further consultative meeting for all interested Member States, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council in order to finalize the “Basic principles and guidelines on the right to reparation for victims of serious violations of human rights and international humanitarian law” and, where appropriate, to consider options for adopting those principles and guidelines; the working basis of the second consultation should be submissions, the report of the Chairperson-cum-Rapporteur of the first consultation, and the first consultation, and the Chairperson-Rapporteur of the first consultation, after consultation with the independent expert, after consultation with the independent expert, Mr.
Notes with satisfaction that the progress achieved in the construction of a democratic society in many countries in the world has improved the realization of civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights in those countries;
Takes note with interest of the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on human rights and mass exoduses (E/CN.4/2003/84);
Welcomes the commitment of the High Commissioner, in response to the request of the Commission in paragraph 5 of its resolution 2002/76, to organize, before the sixty-first session of the Commission, a joint seminar with the United Nations Development Programme on practical ways and activities to effectively strengthen good management practices for the promotion of human rights at the national level and to review and enrich the information and experience gained in accordance with paragraph 3 of Commission resolution 2001/72 and paragraph 4 of resolution 2002/76;
Reaffirms the importance of peace, security, stability and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to development and respect for cultural diversity, as expressed in the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, for the benefit of all in achieving sustainable development and ensuring sustainable development;
Decides to continue its consideration of this question at its sixtieth session under the same agenda item.
Expressing its satisfaction that the people of the northern region of Somalia, despite the difficulties they face, still enjoy relative peace and stability and have access to basic services,
Preventing the circulation of small arms and light weapons and the violation of human rights resulting from their abuse
Legislative authority: Commission resolutions 2002/28, 2002/30, 2003/17, 2003/19, 2003/20, 2003/21, 2003/23, 2003/24, 2003/25, 2003/26, 2003/27, 2003/28, 2003/29, 2003/44.
At its 63rd meeting, on 25 April 2003, the Committee considered the draft report on the work of its fifty-ninth session.
Question of the death penalty (resolution 2003/67) 281
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003/64) 226
Methods of work of the Committee (decision 2003/101) 301
We commit ourselves to working to minimize the current marginalization and the beneficial development of the integration of landlocked developing countries into the global economy.
Pre-deployment medical costs under the current methodology will be retained.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration adopted by the World Food Summit, held in Rome from 10 to 13 June 2002, five years later,
The Committee therefore expected considerable savings to be made during the current period.
Nevertheless, it remains a moment of great opportunity for the international community to identify a comprehensive issue of sustainability at the Johannesburg World Summit; the International Conference on Financing for Development, held in Monterrey, Mexico, has shown a new dynamic way forward in financing for development and international cooperation.
Invites donor countries, international financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, to provide financial support and expertise for the implementation of regional seas programmes, within their existing resources;
Recognizing also that the implementation of programmes at the regional and subregional levels requires greater transparency and predictability in the provision of financial and technical support,
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
Emphasizing that the World Conference on Human Rights agreed to call upon the international community to make every effort to reduce the debt burden of developing countries in order to complement the efforts of their Governments in order to achieve the full realization of the economic, social and cultural rights of their peoples,
Also recognizes that the promotion and protection of the full enjoyment of cultural rights and the promotion of different cultural identities for all are a key element in the protection of cultural diversity in the process of globalization;
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an annual report to the Commission and a midterm report to the General Assembly on the activities carried out under his mandate;
Explanatory note: Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat; ECA: Economic Commission for Africa; Economic Commission for Europe; ECLAC: Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; ESCAP: Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific; RC: Regional Commissions; UNCTAD: United Nations Conference on Trade and Development; UNODC; UNEP: United Nations Environment Programme; UN-Habitat: United Nations Human Settlements Programme; UN-HABITATUN-Habitat; UNU: United Nations University.
Bulgaria believes that the periodic report on the implementation of article VI, as set out in paragraph 15 (c) of the 2000 Final Document, is an important confidence-building measure to enhance the transparency of the entire NPT regime.
On the question of Palestine refugees, the international community as a whole had a responsibility to continue to service them until their situation was resolved.
- replace "55.6" with "55.0"
The Supreme War Crimes Commission held its session in Gbadolite from 26 to 28 March 2003 and acquitted the six, in addition to maintaining the life imprisonment imposed on one accused and suspending the 12-month period of detention of another accused for six months.
Labour legislation contains provisions for the protection of children.
Requests the Secretary-General to designate the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime as the secretariat of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention and to be guided by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Noting the draft articles and understanding adopted by the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continued to consult with an increasing number of United Nations field presences with human rights mandates and OHCHR field offices, using their unique status on the ground and improving the flow of information relating to disappearances.
During the period under review, the secretariat of the Working Group was unable to send reminders in accordance with its working methods regarding 867 outstanding cases.
It was alleged that disappearances were linked to the broad powers granted to the security forces under urgent legislation, in particular the Act on Terrorist and Disruptive Action and the Public Order Act, which granted preventive and long-term custody, without many other normal guarantees provided for in the Penal Code.
The Bureau planned to discuss the matter in the near future in order to seek the best course of action to address the issues you raised.
19.35 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that members and associate members have the resources to implement the recommendations and to focus on data preparation to monitor the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration, and to provide ESCAP with adequate extrabudgetary resources for its operational activities.
(vi) High-level intergovernmental meetings to review the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and its regional and global outcomes:
The law on succession, marriage and donation is the same.
Human rights and mass exoduses
Reaffirming that all States have an obligation to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to life, liberty and security of person, as affirmed in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and reaffirming their obligations as States parties to human rights instruments, in particular the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights2 and the Convention on the Rights of the Child,
Reform framework
The Committee notes with appreciation that the State party ratified the European Social Charter (revised in 1996) in November 2000 and the Protocol Additional to the Charter of 1995 and the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination in December 2000.
The Committee notes with concern that rural areas are particularly affected by structural reforms in the area of public and private agriculture.
Unless the rights of teachers contained in international labour standards are respected, it will not be possible to establish genuine partnerships with Governments to promote the achievement of educational goals.
Any action taken within the jurisdiction of the State party should not deprive another State of its ability to realize the right to water for its people under its jurisdiction.
In line with this objective, the Committee adopted in 1998 general comment No. 12 on the right to adequate food (which is attached to the present letter for your information), which should serve as a reference framework for the adoption of a plan for the adoption of the International Code of Conduct on the Right to Adequate Food.
Many of these mandates have established links between human rights and development, including those relating to education, food, housing, health, environmental protection and wider issues such as the right to development, human rights and extreme poverty and structural adjustment programmes.
In collaboration with the United Nations Programme on Ageing, a human rights film campaign was completed to mark the fiftieth anniversary of the Declaration.
(d) Organizing a symposium at the International Training Division in Ditop, New York.
Proposal by Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM/14).
Proposal by Chile at the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee (A/AC.261/L.117).
(d) To end impunity and ensure that those responsible for human rights violations and serious violations of international humanitarian law are brought to justice;
Ms. Davtyan (Armenia) said that the issue of children was at the heart of the development goals set out in the Millennium Declaration.
Invites States, United Nations agencies, programmes and specialized agencies and international and non-governmental organizations to assist developing countries, in particular the least developed countries and the African least developed countries, in their efforts to prevent the spread of the epidemic, to mitigate and control the negative impact of HIV/AIDS on the human rights of their populations and to provide care for those infected;
(b) To strengthen cooperation with Member States and with United Nations programmes, funds and related agencies, as well as relevant regional organizations and agencies and non-governmental organizations, and to assist, upon request, in the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session;
Cuba has repeatedly expressed its dissatisfaction at the lack of progress in the implementation of this article in different forums, and it believes that the nuclear-weapon States have the primary responsibility to comply with the provisions of the Convention.
Arthur Okwemba, “Por Countries Cry Fouver New Trade Plan by the West”, The East African, 14-20 April 2003, p. 23.
In favour:
Like its partners in the European Union, the United Kingdom voted in favour of draft resolution A/58/L.26/Rev.1, entitled “Peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine”.
The Committee noted that, during the International Air and Space Fair, to be held in Santiago from 29 March to 4 April 2004, space and social seminars in Latin America would be organized by the Chilean Space Agency and organized by the Office for Outer Space Affairs.
The workshop discussed the role of national focal points and national coordinating bodies, cross-border cooperation and information-sharing, national laws and legislation and administrative procedures, export and import control systems and marking, stockpile management and records, and civil society cooperation.
Article 299 of the Guatemalan Penal Code provides as follows:
A vote was taken by show of hands.
The information received shows that impunity for human rights violations, war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide has been widely endorsed.
According to the above definition, in 2001 there were 415,000 under-employed persons in Spain, of whom 68 per cent were women and nearly 32 per cent were men.
Source: BBVA Bulletin, July 2000.
This indicator takes into account the tax reduction factor, which indicates the percentage of the wage income required to pay the first year of the purchase.
Over 236 hectares were also destroyed.
Regional programmes and activities that benefit girls and women of all ages, including young and elderly women, will focus on networking, exchange of information, sharing of knowledge and forming alliances among countries and cultures in the context of the United Nations Declaration and Programme of Action on a Culture of Peacea, and the further promotion and implementation of the Convention and all other international normative instruments aimed at promoting the human rights of women will remain a high priority.
They may also resort to domestic law if they have the means to continue to pursue their interests or to obtain redress.
“... it is fundamentally difficult to say that a State can take a decision in full freedom on the question of who is the subject of the property to which it is brought into its territory.
See ibid., p. 45, paras.
See also the individual opinion of Judge Vinga in the Barcelona Traction case (Preliminary Objections), I.C.J. Reports 1964, p. 59.
In respect of any offence to which this article applies, States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to expedite extradition proceedings and to simplify the evidentiary requirements relating thereto.
The conclusion and implementation of such agreements or arrangements should be in full compliance with the principle of sovereign equality of States and should be carried out in strict compliance with the provisions of such agreements or arrangements.
Article 85
See Corruption and Integrity Improvement Initiatives in Developing Countries (United Nations publication, Sales No.
The majority of the delegations participating in the informal working group established during the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee felt that the definition of “international public organization” was not necessary, since the term was clearly interpreted in international law.
During the fifth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations considered it preferable to use mandatory language.
Discussions have also begun on the concept contained in the last paragraph.
No comments were made on this article during the second reading of the draft text at the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee.
At the same time, it was necessary to retain sufficient national policy space to achieve development goals.
The Chairman of the Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting submitted the report of the Group on its nineteenth session.
“Report on the activities of the Division on Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development” (DITE/OD/OC/03/01)
Policy issues relating to investment and development
The variance is attributable mainly to reduced official travel costs and the absence of training, as the travel of staff of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to the Mission to address administrative and technical issues has decreased and the number of technical meetings planned for 2004/05.
Agenda items 28 and 40 (f)
The General Assembly,
Accordingly, on the basis of the reasoning on this issue, the Committee was not requested to decide whether Mr. A's expulsion from Sweden violated its obligations under article 3 or any other article of the Convention, and to decide whether he had been subjected to torture by the Egyptian authorities.
(b) The signing of a ceasefire agreement on 18 March 2003 between the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda and the six armed groups paved the way for the meeting of the Ituri Wa Commission held from 4 to 14 April 2003 and the establishment of an interim administration in Ituri;
(e) Clear knowledge management and human resource implications of new pricing procedures, as appropriate.
Accordingly, my country is deeply satisfied with international efforts to achieve peace, thanks to Venezuela's endorsement of the harmful effects of the illicit diamond trade perceived by many countries that contribute to armed conflict and delay and hamper efforts to achieve peace and security in countries directly affected by it.
1999-2001 Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Legal Assistance Office of the Legal Development Centre.
1994-1997 President of the National Organization for Civic Education and Electoral Supervision.
• The Abortion Act, Senda Press
One of the Government's aims is to maintain and develop land and water resources in the Territory and to increase agricultural productivity.
For the second consecutive year, the month of January was declared the Anti-drug Awareness Day.
“Objective 2004-2005: use of the stand-by system to meet the percentage of deployment requirements of all personnel and rapid deployment levels or standby lists”
With regard to multilateral treaties, the European Treaty on Extradition (1957) and the European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters (1959) were signed on 29 September 2000.
The means of sanctions could be described as a way of doing so in languages and wars.
An exchange of views among representatives of Governments, the United Nations Secretariat, academia, non-governmental organizations and civil society enabled a frank and in-depth dialogue on the progress, obstacles and challenges involved in the development and implementation of targeted sanctions, drawing on the Interlaken process on financial sanctions and the contribution of the Bonn-Berlin process on the arms embargo and the travel ban.
As we mark the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, my delegation is pleased to note that the Programme of Action has made considerable progress in certain areas.
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): Five years ago, two thirds of humanity remained under colonial yoke, when the General Assembly adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights by voting, which became the foundation for the subsequent development and codification of human rights.
In a broader context, paragraphs 157 to 159 of the Durban Programme of Action refer not only to the experiences of some people and their victims of racist persecution and the impact of racism on their own development, but also to the development of communities, which have been frustrated by racist and racist systems because they have no opportunity to embark on some of the development paths that other communities can explore, as the situation in Haiti has shown in many respects, that the country is now ready to celebrate the 200th anniversary of independence, but that the international community's back.
(Signed) Riyad Mansour
In 2003, the Working Group held its thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth sessions.
On 23 October 2003, the Iranian Government informed that Mazahri Kalahroudi had been released on 4 September 2003.
The Human Rights Court was also established to try serious violations of human rights, genocide and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the appointment by the African Union Commission of Mr. Obata as Special Envoy for the Great Lakes region.
It is therefore essential that the international community actively support the preparatory process and the Conference itself.
The Security Council recently reaffirmed the importance of integrating women into all peacebuilding and development processes.
We would like to take many initiatives.
The UNHCR Commissioner again emphasized the relationship between asylum and migration and reiterated that UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with international migration organizations and briefly review the reasons for the need for such complementarity.
In November 2001, Mr. Denktash wrote to Mr. Clerides proposing a direct meeting.
In addition, following the opening of the statement by Mr. Clerides, the following options could be proposed: not only to make the Treaty of Guarantee in force, but also to apply it to the new patterns established by the founding agreement and the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, with the exception of the independence, territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, including the territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of its two allied States.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization on women and hoped that the issue would be taken into account in Canada's development assistance and hoped that Canada would support studies in that area.
Convention on Long-range Transboundary Air Pollution.
Annex I
(c) If the chemical combustion of aerosol agents is less than 20 kah/k, no point of fire has taken place in the ignition test, the closed space-point fire test referred to in sub-section 31.5 of this manual shall be carried out;
An effective capacity-building mechanism is part of a flexible programming approach that takes interrelated measures at all levels to achieve mutually reinforcing objectives under overall objectives.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemns this serious escalation of Israeli actions, which may lead to a dramatic deterioration of the situation in the region and a complete collapse of the peace process.
Ambassador Kidwa asked for further clarification, and I give him the floor.
Following the debate in March 2000 and October 2002, the Parliament formally established Azar and Abkhazia as the autonomous republic of Georgia, with the corresponding amendments to the Constitution.
Resolution 2003/1 reaffirmed the responsibility of the United Nations towards the people of Western Sahara and reaffirmed its support for efforts to organize and monitor a referendum for self-determination of the people of Western Sahara in accordance with resolutions 658 (1990) and 690 (1991).
The draft resolution was introduced by the representative of Sri Lanka at the 12th meeting of the Committee, on 21 October 2003.
Urges all Governments to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur and to respond favourably to his requests to visit their countries in order to enable him to fulfil his mandate more effectively, and in this regard welcomes the initiative of Governments to collaborate with the Special Rapporteur;
The strengthening of the resident coordinator system, United Nations country teams and other thematic groups, the steady pace of synchronization of programming cycles and the streamlining and harmonization of procedures, the establishment of United Nations houses in many countries, the progressive implementation of results management and budgets, the establishment of the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and the joint efforts to establish effective means of collaboration, such as the common country assessment and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (CCA) and their relationship with the poverty reduction strategy paper in an increasing number of countries, are aimed at achieving the goal of development goals.
Voluntary contributions are made to the organizations on a basis of their specific operational, mission and geographical scope.
• Percentage of Central Government expenditures by category and purpose
In addition, the popularization version of the Principles is being prepared for the wider reading of the population, for example, with the sponsorship of international agencies and non-governmental organizations working in Indonesia and the Indonesian language.
12 noon Press release by the Spokesman
They demonstrate that actions taken at the national and international levels to prevent natural disasters do contribute to mitigating the adverse effects of such disasters.
Japan expects the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and other agencies to further improve their methods, for example, through the consolidated appeals process, to address the forgotten crisis more effectively.
There is still a degree of uncertainty as to the protection of the health of people living in contaminated areas and the measures that should be taken in this regard.
(c) Request by the Economic and Social Council.
However, the suspension was lifted five days later as a result of intense debate within Burundian society.
They are the victims of numerous violent incidents committed by the regular security forces and armed rebel groups.
This is a new phenomenon that shows that people are already awakened and hope to overcome the fear that the military bring to them with the help of the justice system.
(a) Preparation of a list of natural persons and/or legal persons or laboratories that are recognized as capable of conducting laboratory analysis, toxicology, pharmacy and bio-psychological identification and may be consulted in their own territory;
Congratulates the United Nations Correspondents Association for the establishment of the Dag Hammarskjöld Memorial Scholarship Fund, which sponsors journalists from developing countries to come to United Nations Headquarters to cover the activities of the General Assembly, and urges donors to provide financial support to the Fund so that it may increase the number of scholarships granted to such journalists;
In September 2003, UNFPA hosted a group meeting of 30 youth advocates from 24 countries, bringing together them as partners in youth to identify and formally launch a global advocacy initiative — the global youth partnership — to prevent HIV infection among young people.
On the financial basis of the Strategic Plan, she commended Denmark for taking the lead in preparing the draft guidance note on financial resource mobilization (see document UNEP/CHW/OEWG/2/INF/15).
The Working Group discussed the item at its 3rd plenary meeting, on the morning of Tuesday, 21 October.
She reminded the Working Group that, since the item was a technical matter, the Working Group needed to consider it at the current session, but no final decision was required.
At the 7th plenary meeting of the Working Group, the Executive Secretary announced that the text in English, French and Spanish, which had been brought to the attention of the Secretariat to the decision III/1 of the Conference of the Parties on the relevant web site, was not the official text of the decision of the United Nations, whereby the Conference of the Parties had published the Ban Amendment.
For further information, please refer to the following Web site:standf@.unep.org ( clicking “notice bar”).
In its deliberations, the Committee agreed that the following criteria should be used for serious responsibility and good management:
The representative of Madagascar also thanked the organizers of the training course.
Adoption of the report of the meeting (item 21)
No documents were submitted under sub-item 16 (c).
Consultants
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
These rules of procedure may be amended by a decision of the Conference.
The expert briefed the Steering Committee on Protection and Human Rights.
This model further recognizes that other departments, offices and organizations of the United Nations system are responsible for providing content, and that the Department is responsible for coordinating, improving, expressing and disseminating content in close collaboration with the media, Member States and civil society partners.
Table 28.14 Resource requirements: United Nations Information Service at Vienna
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
A seminar was held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002 to discuss money-laundering in the member States of the West African Economic and Monetary Union in the context of money-laundering and the financing of terrorism.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, containing the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and other resolutions and decisions of the United Nations relating to the dissemination of information on decolonization, in particular resolution 56/73 of 10 December 2001,
Considers it important to continue its efforts to ensure the widest possible dissemination of information on decolonization, with particular attention to the options of self-determination available to the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Ms. Erea (Benin) said that the Special Rapporteur had used the expression “two main gender” in responding to the first questions raised by the members, and asked whether there was a third sex, or whether the Special Rapporteur referred only to the individual's sexual orientation.
Accordingly, if a Member State had requested interpretation in the language or in the other language, the delegation concerned would bear the associated costs.
While WFP provides that basic English knowledge is necessary in all cases, UNFPA provides that English is a practical requirement for all professionals.
The Department's network of information centres and services around the world, as well as the field office information sector, produces original printed materials in a variety of local languages.
Arabic; Chinese; English; French; German; Indian; Russian: Italian; Portuguese; Russian; Spanish: Spanish; Spanish; English; French; French; English; French; German; Indian; Russian; English; English; English; French; English; French; English; French; English; French; English; French; English; French; French; English; French; French; English; French; French; French; French; English; French; French; English; French; French; French; English; French; French; French; French; French; French; English; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; English; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; English; French; French; French; French; French; French; English; French; French; French; French; French; French; English; French; French; English; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French; French
General Assembly resolution 56/242 of 24 December 2001, part IV, para.
c Includes salaries, travel and daily subsistence allowance for conference-servicing support staff, and shipping and telecommunications costs.
(b) Approve the medium-term plan as a projected framework for 2003-2006 (see summary table 4 of document E/ICEF/2003/AB/L.7) including the preparation of up to $151 million in regular resources programme expenditure for submission to the Executive Board at its 2004 session.
17.10 Funding through extrabudgetary resources to facilitate networks of field offices that are primarily responsible for the promotion of technical cooperation will greatly facilitate dialogue with national Governments to promote their normative responsibilities.
The Committee also recommends that effective measures be strengthened to coordinate family and professional responsibilities and to promote the sharing of family responsibilities between women and men.
The Committee is concerned about the unequal access to the labour market and the fact that women are generally limited to working in the agricultural sector and the informal sector, so that their income and wages are low.
She indicated that significant initiatives had been taken to combat the spread of the pandemic, including the publication and enactment of the HIV and AIDS Prevention Act 2002 and the development of comprehensive HIV/AIDS research and control programmes in collaboration with stakeholders to provide affordable antiretroviral drugs.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
The Committee appreciates the efforts of the Federal Government to combat discrimination against indigenous women and to achieve substantive equality for them, including the forthcoming revision of the Canadian Human Rights Act, but also expresses its grave concern that indigenous women continue to face systematic discrimination in all aspects of life.
However, it is difficult to identify progress in preventing abuse and violence against women.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure that all forms of violence against women and girls are fully disseminated and trained to law enforcement officials, the judiciary and the public.
The Committee is concerned about the incidence of violence against women, including domestic violence.
The Committee also urges the State party to collect and analyse comprehensive data, disaggregated by sex and age, and to include such data in its next report.
Family responsibilities have been recognized as part of a more comprehensive approach by the Government to social development.
The Slovak legislation on the export of weapons and military goods is contained in Act No. 179/1998, as subsequently amended, on transactions in military goods.
These general ideas are contained in annex I, entitled “Overview of general claims” (Overview) and are part of the present report and should be read together with the present report.
With respect to invoices Nos. 274 to 275 and 282 to 293, Mannesmann provided copies of invoices and shipping certificates, but did not provide a certificate of arrival.
Incisg, the depreciation rate applied by SACE to equipment and machinery was 28.65 per cent of the “acquisition value” of the insurance policy.
(b) Northern Refinery Project contract of the SCOP: retention bond costs (“claim No. 5”)
This claim refers to alleged costs, including travel and communications costs, of employees and their families who withdrew from Iraq from Glantre.
The Panel therefore considered contract losses, overhead/loss of profits, loss of tangible property, loss of funds, other losses and interest totalling USD 38,234,073.
If a claim is found to be unable to provide such specific items or to attach a statement of claim, the claimant is informed of such defects and has been requested to provide the necessary information pursuant to article 15 of the Rules (“the article 15 notification”).
First, a guarantee arrangement is required for the preparation of the bond to be received.
At the same time, Cambodia will do its utmost to ensure that its poverty alleviation efforts remain a priority.
Mr. Penjor (Bhutan) said that his country had made progress in the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action by effectively integrating the seven commitments into national development strategies.
The high-level segment of the substantive session of the Council provided valuable guidance to many developing countries in promoting an integrated approach to rural development, while the operational activities segment provided an opportunity for a detailed discussion on ways to improve financing for operational activities for development.
(See http://www.udel.edu/CMS/csmp/globalocans/index.htm1#forum).
Convinced that, notwithstanding the way in which mercenaries or mercenary-related activities are used or the form they take to acquire some form of legitimacy, they constitute a threat to peace, security and the self-determination of peoples and an obstacle to the enjoyment of human rights by peoples,
The Chairman announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, Mauritius and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia had joined the sponsors.
Contents
Most orders are valid until 31 December 2005 and may be extended.
We will continue to work to implement the recommendations of the report of the Commission on Human Security.
Finally, the response to human rights violations and those responsible for them is to involve them in the work of the Commission and to place them under the control of the Commission rather than outside the Commission.
We are confident that the appointment of a Special Representative of the Secretary-General in Iraq will help to do so.
Let us address specific issues raised in the project cluster.
Otherwise, the results of the elections are likely to be legitimized only by political figures who have obtained the power available by force through the ballot box.
UNIFEM work in this area has increased significantly during the previous period of the Strategy and Business Plan 2000-2003.
The strategic results framework contained below will provide guidance on UNIFEM programming options, partnerships, monitoring and reporting.
While the support of the United Kingdom and UNAMSIL has focused on strengthening the security capacity of the Government of Sierra Leone in order to prevent the re-emergence of the RUF insurgency, concerns about the ability of the Republic of Sierra Leone troops to preserve territorial integrity have been difficult to overcome.
The Panel recommends that the United Nations Mission in Liberia support the implementation of the ECOWAS moratorium on small arms trade in West Africa, which is more difficult to implement in Liberia.
Upon request, he was granted provisional access to Côte d'Ivoire for three days, provided that his passport was placed in the custody of the airport authorities.
Member States, financial institutions and development institutions should support projects to implement United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice.
It is clear that the draft resolution can improve in this regard, but it does, in its operative part, require the cessation of all terrorist acts.
Ms. Idrisi (Morocco) said that, while the Moroccan Constitution recognized the right to work, the right to work was difficult to implement in the absence of an economic level and a lack of actual social democracy.
At the end of the life cycle, estimates of the quality of benzene acid were inaccurate: the probability of success from 90 per cent to 99 per cent meant that greater error must be recorded, resulting in a corresponding reduction in the lifetime.
These measures must be applied by all parties concerned.
Also considered was the overall trend in the geostationary orbit market, and the tendency of satellite operators to move satellites from the operational geostationary orbit region after the end of the active life of the satellite.
Adoption of the report of the meeting
In UNCTAD, a holistic, multidisciplinary approach to technical cooperation and capacity development in UNCTAD's area of expertise will be pursued through enhanced interdivisional cooperation.
Any regional offices or sub-offices that may be established by the World Tourism Organization should work closely with regional or sub-offices established by the United Nations, in particular those of the regional commissions and the Resident Coordinator offices.
In the light of the above, it is estimated that the general premium for the biennium 2004-2005 is $7,578,000 and the general cost of the United Nations property administered at Headquarters for the biennium 2000-2001 is $1,808,000.
As a result, the number of potential users of the Official Document System will increase dramatically.
All three sessions were held at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
With regard to this provision, article 40, paragraph 1, of the Covenant requires States parties to submit reports on the measures taken and the progress achieved in the enjoyment of all rights, as well as on any factors and difficulties that may affect the implementation of the Covenant.
Unfortunately, the delay has been very serious since the establishment of the Committee.
National policies in this area should be clearly spelled out in the direction of the regional military commanders, while allegations of excessive use of force should be promptly investigated by an independent body.
f The Committee considered the situation of civil and political rights in Suriname at its seventy-sixth session without a report and the presence of a delegation.
During the reporting period, the United Nations Disaster Assessment Coordination (UNDAC) system facilitated several aspects of coordinated humanitarian relief.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/20), para.
The least developed countries committed themselves to adopting policies that lay the people-centred path to development, with the aim of ensuring the necessary environment in their own countries to eradicate poverty.
Madagascar has established a network of oil, construction, fruit and vegetable production enterprises.
Important commitments were made in the light of the issues referred to in Agenda 21, such as access to safe water, adequate sanitation and sanitation, and modern energy services.
We encourage both countries to rapidly complete the delimitation of their common borders.
Particular concern was expressed about the current conflict in Colombia, which affected Afro-descendant and indigenous communities, and the participants called for special attention to be given to the issue by international and national organizations working to resolve the crisis.
In order to assist the Working Group in clarifying policy options, an independent study was undertaken and presented at the ninth session of the Working Group (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.5/2003/WP.1).
I would also like to express my delegation's appreciation to your predecessor, Ambassador Matia Semakula Kiwanuka of Uganda, for the excellent work he has done during his presidency and for the excellent guidance given to our work.
An important element of the proposed reform is the shortening of our statements and the distribution of a longer version of the State declaration.
Mr. Schombani (Mali) (spoke in French): Allow me to join previous representatives in expressing my delegation's pleasure at seeing you elected the First Committee, the Chairman of the Committee on Disarmament and International Security.
Emphasizing the temporary nature of UNIFIL,
Also requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to submit an analytical report in this regard to the next session of the Working Group on the effective implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action, to assess the role of existing regional and international standards and instruments against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to identify areas where additional international standards may be required to help the Working Group fulfil its mandate to complement international standards;
Each State Party shall, to the extent consistent with the fundamental principles of its legal system, consider, in accordance with the gravity of the offence, the establishment of a procedure whereby, through a court order or any other appropriate means, a person convicted of the offences covered by this Convention shall, within a period of time established by its domestic law, be eligible for:
In the absence of such agreements or arrangements, such joint investigations may be agreed upon on a case-by-case basis.
The positions of nuclear-weapon States have hardly changed.
The SBSTA, at its seventeenth session, requested the secretariat to undertake intersessional consultations on the second report of the secretariat of the Global Climate Observing System (GCOS) on the adequacy of the global climate observing system, immediately following the conclusion of the eighteenth session of the SBSTA.
Bearing in mind its relevant resolutions,
Bearing in mind also the relevant recommendations adopted by the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance in 2001,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined in sponsoring the revised draft resolution.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/58/SR.56).
In India's view, the protection and promotion of fundamental rights and the emancipation of people remain a sacred duty.
It needs the care of all parties and the international community to help it grow up.
First, while there is already a strong normative framework on landmines, instruments to address unexploded ordnance and explosive remnants of war will greatly contribute to post-conflict mine clearance efforts.
Overall, the military peacekeeping force did not carry out large-scale investigations, marking or mine action.
My country will continue to support, within the framework of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects, the adoption of binding international instruments governing unexploded ordnance and mines other than anti-personnel mines.
Unexploded ordnance remains a serious humanitarian threat.
Mr. Sattar (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C.1/58/L.46/Rev.1, entitled “Promotion of the implementation of the United Nations Programme of Action on the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects at the regional level within the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe”, which was introduced by the representative of France at the Committee's 13th meeting, on 22 October 2003.
South Africa's policies on small arms are based on regional concerns and a step-by-step approach that identifies the importance of regional approaches to address the problem of the proliferation of small arms and light weapons.
In operative paragraph 4, we have also made a major change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to further coordinate its collective efforts in human resources development in accordance with national policies and priorities;
Agreements have been signed with major national advocacy campaigns and urban poor partnership organizations to support non-governmental organizations, governments at all levels and sub-partner organizations such as the National Association of Professionals, NGOs, local governments, etc. National Information Campaign Committees have been established in Burkina Faso, Jamaica, the Philippines and Senegal, and a regional commission has been established in the Latin American and Caribbean region.
Subsequently, at its meeting of 31 October 2001, the Bureau of the Council, in accordance with the provisions of operative paragraph 7 of the above-mentioned Council resolution, established the Committee of Permanent Representatives to serve as a subsidiary body of the Council for the intersessional period, with immediate effect.
We will betray our countries, our peoples and our future generations.
The plan was approved by the National Economic Summit and Parliament.
Africa is waiting for a multidimensional response.
States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, as at 1 December 2003 (148)
Negative security assurances are that nuclear-weapon States undertake not to use or threaten to use nuclear weapons.
Most courts are not functioning, most of them are damaged or looted.
Training will also be provided to personnel on the concept of integrated logistics.
I would like to commend all those leaders for their valuable contribution to the cause of peace and security in Liberia.
Voters who do not have a permanent residence registration certificate at the date of the election have the right to vote in the area of the administration of the local government in which they are registered at their final place of residence.
Similarly, women have access to special education curricula and are not subject to gender restrictions, which provide education for students with physical and mental development disorders and special needs to develop general practical labour skills, as well as vocational education.
The current model of social security is based on the fact that the payment of social taxes becomes a prerequisite for obtaining most social security.
Under the Social Security Act, persons who have lived in the Republic of Latvia for the past 12 months, but not less than 60 months (citizens of Latvia with personal status codes, non-citizens, aliens and stateless persons, with the exception of persons with temporary residence permits) have the right to receive State social insurance benefits for persons with disabilities.
At present, the amount of the State allowance for children born before 1 January 1999 in Latvia is as follows: the first fetus, 4.25 Latvia, the second fetus, 5.10 Latvia, or 1.2 times higher, the third fetus, 6.80 Latvia, or 1.6 times higher, the fourth and subsequent births, 7.56 Lat or 1.8 times higher.
Disarmament remains the key to making progress in the peace process in accordance with the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Japan also funded the United Nations fact-finding mission dispatched last year on this item.
The conditions of validity applicable to general legal acts, which relate to the legitimacy of the object in the law of treaties, are fully applicable to generally recognized acts, in particular acts of the State.
In particular, the question is whether the author State may modify, suspend or withdraw the act unilaterally.
Parties referred to gaps and difficulties relating to the assessment or possible implementation of GHG mitigation options.
Requests the Secretary-General to encourage the organizations of the United Nations system to improve their procurement measures in accordance with their respective mandates, in particular by simplifying the registration procedures for vendors already registered with another United Nations system, inter alia, through the use of the Internet and the dissemination of procurement information on their websites;
I will return to this issue later.
Therefore, my delegation would like to reiterate its urgent appeal to them to make the best use of their positive impact in order to advance this goal.
The peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo can be completed only if the democratic transition process under way in other countries in the Great Lakes region is also under way.
However, no situation would prevent the expansion of the new Great Lakes Community to other countries like Uganda and Tanzania, whose interests were closely linked to the interests of the countries of the Great Lakes region.
We note that much progress has been made in the negotiation of draft resolutions addressing this concern.
In focusing on health and sustainable development, the plan calls for assistance to developing countries in providing cheap energy to rural communities, particularly by reducing reliance on traditional fuel sources for cooking and heating, which affect the health of women and children.
Governments and other stakeholders are invited to ensure that local and administrative reform processes promote rural women's rights in access to resources (especially land), inheritance and financial services and benefits.
Additional information was provided by several Member States.
The ministerial declaration of the high-level segment of the Economic and Social Council addressed the important role of rural women in policy and decision-making.
Reaffirms that international cooperation in combating terrorism and national action should be carried out in accordance with the principles of the Charter, international law and relevant international conventions;
The debate was further advanced in the Bonn-Berlin process under the auspices of Germany, focusing on the design and implementation of arms embargoes and travel and aviation-related sanctions.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
UNPOB expects that the visit will be an opportunity to fulfil all outstanding obligations, so that the full implementation of the autonomy arrangements can be carried out with full care.
Mr. Dauth (Australia): Thank you, Mr. President, for convening this open meeting on an issue that Australia and, as my colleague from Fiji has said, is of great importance to the countries of the Pacific Islands Forum.
We hope that the international community and the United Nations system will be ready to assist in those efforts.
Over the years, Bougainville has suffered greatly from the devastating effects of the proliferation of small arms, and the devastation they have caused to society is visible in the neighbouring Solomon Islands of Papua New Guinea.
New Zealand's support for the Transition Group is complementary to our continuing commitment to providing other assistance to the people of Bougainville, which is provided through the New Zealand International Development Agency.
However, more efforts should be made.
“People!
The United Nations plays a role in an international system of sovereign States.
At the same time, we have increased non-formal, adult and distance education programmes throughout the country.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General to address, in updating workload standards, the question of the level in which the number of documents translated for self-revision should be determined in order to ensure the quality of translation of documents in all official languages;
He responded to specific questions and stated that the issue of the movement of natural persons was being addressed through requests and approval procedures for service negotiations.
Procedural, institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters
In defiance of repeated calls by the United Nations and the international community to put an end to violations and acts of aggression, and in defiance of Lebanon's repeated warning of the dangers and consequences of such acts, these actions continue, in many cases, in depth in Lebanese territory, terrorizing and torturing Lebanese civilians and causing material damage.
Palau
H.E. Mr. Kate Michel
In this regard, the rules of the international trading system should take into account their own negative impact on policies to address poverty and land degradation.
The Mission is working with the United Nations country team to develop a new United Nations Development Assistance Framework and to strengthen monitoring and reporting capacity for the future implementation of the socio-economic commitments contained in the peace agreements.
The close association of terrorist groups in transnational criminal networks makes it imperative for the Algerian authorities to redouble their efforts to impose strict controls on financial institutions in order to combat all types of fraud and criminal operations.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of Security Council resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2000), 1373 (2001) and 1390 (2002), activities continue in Algeria and other groups associated with Al-Qaida should also be included in this list.
It was pleased that some of its recommendations to that end, particularly those relating to the establishment of the Assistance Fund and the establishment of a monitoring mechanism, had been adopted by other States.
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.25 and A/C.2/58/L.67
Annex to the letter dated 22 May 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Greece to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
The Tourism Organization has successfully organized 10 regional meetings between March 2001 and April 2002 to exchange experiences, consider issues, promote national, regional and international cooperation and identify future challenges.
Almost 1,000 people from 88 countries participated in the meeting, the main objective of which was to facilitate the exchange of experiences and views among various stakeholders in the field of ecotourism, particularly those who were unable to participate in the regional preparatory meetings that had taken place.
I, resolution 1, annex.
Recommends the following decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Statements under different sub-items may reflect the relevance and cross-cutting nature of the issues.
The UNICEF Somalia office has effectively and strategically mobilized available resources throughout the country, laying the foundation for further development in more stable conditions.
With the establishment of a strategic resource reserve for the rapid deployment of new missions in the future, notable progress has been made in this area.
The following background information was also provided:
The prevailing view was that the application of legal issues was essential for insolvency proceedings and that information on those issues should be included in the draft Guide to provide assistance and guidance to legislators and other users.
Removal of candidatures
However, his delegation believed that the decision to retain or delete the attached footnote should be taken in the light of the discussion in chapter V.
The following is the draft strategy developed to implement the commitments made in thessaloniki for the benefit of delegations.
Member States should be encouraged to make contributions.
Yemen
Belize
The President of the ninth session made a statement in which he expressed appreciation to the Parties for their confidence in him and to his predecessor, Mr. T.R. Baru, and the members of the Bureau for their efforts during their term of office.
The COP can now consider the performance of these Parties in limiting and reducing emissions.
(Agenda item 4)
Taking into account the political guidance provided by the Millennium Summit, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, a broad consensus has been emphasized on the key role of the Economic and Social Council in the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the system.
These events effectively identify the way in which all of us are fighting poverty, promoting development and ensuring peace, security and justice.
“Reaffirming the United Nations Declaration on the New Partnership for Africa's Development of 30 September 2002 and General Assembly resolution 57/7 of 4 November 2002 on the final review and appraisal of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s and support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development,
“10. Welcomes with appreciation the actions already undertaken at the regional level to organize the activities of the United Nations system around clusters that cover the priority areas of the Partnership, and in this regard urges that such processes be strengthened with a view to promoting a coordinated and coherent response by the United Nations system to support partnerships;
If this amount of unused United States dollars indicates that, for the sake of comparison, the exchange rate used in this table, in United States dollars, is the mid-August 1990 point exchange rate of the United Nations, as set out in volume 45 (April 1991).
Facts and contentions
In particular, it lost the profits of USD 70,787, USD 6,804,146,724, USD 7,155,8,789 and USD 1266,344, respectively, in six contracts.
In addition, if the claim relates to loss of tangible property, the Panel selects 2 August 1990 (the date of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait) as the date of loss, since that date is the date on which the claimant has lost control over the assets in question.
In addition, KNPC was requested to reimburse ABB for the costs incurred or pledged to be paid to third parties before the termination of the contract.
(6) Paragraph 2 includes in the context of the present draft articles a number of issues that have not been addressed in the articles on responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts.
(c) Concluding remarks of the Special Rapporteur
(c) To develop this model, and taking into account some of the earlier work of the Commission on the topic, the Special Rapporteur recommends that the Commission take into account the following:
(12) Environmental and environmental damage, as well as loss of profits and tourism (para. 174, subparagraph (c) (13) and (14) above)
The report therefore focuses on results or outcomes and avoids emphasizing the negotiating process of these instruments or the attitude of States in the course of negotiations or after their conclusion.
It was noted that the effect of recognition would vary depending on the specific type of recognition.
Methods of work
Thus, the definition of objections should reflect the true intention of the objecting State rather than the legal effect of the objection to the reservation as provided for in the Vienna Convention.
Unless the treaty otherwise provides or otherwise agreed, the withdrawal of a reservation becomes operative only if a Contracting State or a contracting organization receives notification of the withdrawal.
In paragraph 505 of the 2002 report, it was stated that the Study Group agreed that the Commission should not address the issue of the creation and interrelationship of the international judiciary.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 260-266.
For this dissenting opinion on this theory, see P.H. Imbert, Reservations to Multilateral Treaties, Pedone, Paris, 1979, p. 288, or Frank Horn, Reservations and Interpretative Declarations, T.M.C. Asser Institution, 1988, pp. 223-224, and references cited.
The Committee considered the sixth report at its 2770th, 2771st, 2772nd, 2773rd and 2774th meetings, held from 7 to 11 July 2003, respectively.
The question of the modification, suspension and revocation of unilateral acts was also examined, namely, whether States could modify, suspend or cancel unilateral acts, as they did.
Some 916 of them have been detained for more than 20 years and are the longest-held prisoners of war in the world.
However, some of the officials concerned appear to be interested in restoring these services and exploring the possibility of resuming common services in the area of recruitment and health insurance (paras.
The United Nations also had extensive experience in building and facilities management and conference services, which could be used for the purposes of common services at the Vienna International Centre.
7 December 1983, A/C.5/38/87.
However, the United Nations, in collaboration with CSOs, can become more creative, forward-looking and more important in preventing conflicts and building sustainable peace.
Welcoming the participation of a representative of the Mayor of Pitcairn in the Caribbean regional seminar, held at The Valley, Anguilla, from 20 to 22 May 2003, and noting his concern about the cases before the territorial courts,
Acting for this purpose under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In such cases, the Pyongyang law is suitable for the land of the area where the soil situation shows that it would benefit most.
Please provide a list of assets frozen pursuant to that resolution.
Since 1997, Sea WiFS has also made it possible to measure rich terrestrial and marine plants globally, thereby providing baseline measurements of the main mode of carbon into the Earth's atmosphere in the five-year period for optical compounds — a key parameter of the life support system.
(e) All space activities must be coordinated at the highest level of government to provide scientists with spatial data in many fields of research and applications;
However, an increasing number of people are increasingly breaking the silence and acting more actively against this policy that impedes normal relations with their families and with Cuba.
Efforts are under way to develop an exception to common law that could be characterized as a serious crime within this framework.
Strengthening the capacity of developing partner countries to effectively combat terrorism is one of the priorities of United States cooperation in recent years.
See the responses to paragraphs 3 (a) and 2 (f).
Of the 19 finance assistants, eight are deployed in four districts (1 General Service, 1 United Nations Volunteer each).
The contingents of other sub-regions would comprise one Field Service staff member and one United Nations Volunteer, supported by two national staff.
Issues not falling within the scope of other items on the agenda of the General Assembly allocated to the Third Committee
Item 12 Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Documentation
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Myanmar (A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1, para. 7 (b))
Report of the Human Rights Committee (resolution 2200 A (XXI))
It is important that young people are bound by legally binding agreements: half of the young children in Norway are now married.
Women were often reluctant to report rape, especially when the rapists were aware of the victim, and that was another reason for the low number of allegations.
Article 3 483 - 500 100
This is the case with cultural patterns and the social status of women, but the selection of jobs with lower labour market demand is also the case.
At the same time, the low expenditure on rural household registration (3 per cent lower than income) shows that rural households may have a monthly savings of 800 dinars.
The ILO Convention No. 135 (1971) on Workers' Representation provides that the benefits to be enjoyed by trade union representatives and workers' representatives should be protected in the same way as workers' representatives, since both represent the individual and collective interests of the workers who are respected by the principles of their legislation.
Data on infectious diseases in Montenegro (excluding influenza and AIDS) for 1992-2001
“Disabled Persons and their Environment”, Center for Alternative Learning and International Disability Association, Belgrade, 2001.
Also expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
Other programmes require bilateral assistance.
Nevertheless, we have not lost hope in changing this situation and Israeli policies and achieving a just and comprehensive peace in the region based on the existence of two States, Palestine and Israel, side by side.
1.2 With regard to the enactment of the Act, the financing or financing of terrorist acts should be punished; the domestic legislation should be adjusted to bring it into line with the progress report of the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
The specific institutions of law enforcement and defence of the State, namely the Chilean armed forces and the police force (military police), are not subject to the general subjective prohibition mentioned in point 2.
Mr. Trawin (United States of America): The United States would like to explain its position very briefly.
The Third Committee adopted, without a vote, the draft resolution entitled “Treatment of Khmer Rouge trials”.
Japan will continue to cooperate with the Secretariat and the Government of Cambodia in the early establishment of a special chamber.
However, there is no reason to avoid the reciprocity of the responsibility of a State in relation to the wrongful act of an international organization.
I, resolution 1, annex.
Accordingly, El Salvador's judges are independently examining cases submitted to them, regardless of their rank.
18 In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar rejected the later reported arrangement between Spain and the United Kingdom, known as “illegal and politically unacceptable”, under which it would discuss what aviation measures of the European Union should apply to the Territory and which should not apply to the Territory.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continued to emphasize the human costs of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons and to promote existing international rules and responsibilities in the field of weapons.
Corrigendum
National reconciliation also requires continued support, especially in support of the reintegration and resettlement of former combatants and in support of electoral preparations.
In addition, human rights capacity-building requires sustained support and a well-developed strategy for child protection.
These issues pose a major challenge to the informal or formal role of youth in forestry.
It was to be hoped that the regional economic and social commissions of the United Nations would redouble their efforts in promoting youth interest in forests.
On behalf of the Council, I welcome Mr. Türk and give him the floor.
Report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination (A/58/16, chap.
I cannot but thank members for their cooperation and support in this regard.
The oceans have enormous impacts on small island developing States.
The fourth meeting of the United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea, held in New York in June, demonstrated the usefulness of the Forum and the wisdom of the General Assembly in its resolution 57/141, in which it decided to pursue the process for a further three years.
Despite the efforts that have been made, the problems caused by pollution of the marine environment have unfortunately not been resolved.
As indicated in the relevant paragraphs of the report, there are still specific issues in the field of ocean activity that require continued and concerted action by the international community at the international, regional and national levels.
The meeting marked another milestone in the life of the Convention, as it would mark the tenth anniversary of its establishment.
According to the Attorney General's Office, the National Human Rights and International Humanitarian Unit did not investigate such crimes.
Several enhancements to the security of the premises were also planned (the upgrading of the blast-proof glass, the television monitors on the garage and on the roof) and the public radio system.
Conclusion
After the necessary preliminary consultations, the United Nations shall arrange to include in the agenda of the Economic and Social Council the items proposed by the World Tourism Organization or, where appropriate, other organs or bodies of the United Nations, in accordance with the relevant rules of procedure.
The Dag Hammarskjöld Library has a dedicated web page on the United Nations web site for the observance of Human Rights Day, which is linked to the resources of related issues.
National human rights institutions play a significant role in ensuring the implementation of international human rights treaties at the national level and should be encouraged to continue and, where possible, strengthen their collaboration with Governments and civil society organizations.
Any person possessing or using radio or television equipment or any designed or modified electronic means to send or receive a signal for an unlawful purpose may be sentenced to one (1) to three (3) years' imprisonment only.
Recalling the results of the past decade, it is difficult to see that all Member States have the opportunity to express their views on reform and to make proposals for its reform.
The veto is a flagrant violation of the principle of sovereign equality among States as set out in the Charter and of the principles of justice and democracy.
However, because of the position of certain influential permanent members of the Security Council, the Security Council has not acted on Israel, which means encouraging Israel.
Please describe the activities of Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida, the Taliban and their associates in your country, as well as the threats and possible trends that have been caused to your country and region.
As indicated in the current report of the Board (para.
Taking into account the findings of the Board of Auditors, the Advisory Committee stresses the importance of the Board's further review of issues such as the memorandum of understanding, pre-deployment inspections, arrival inspections, verification reports and personnel resources.
“An enormous potential for improving the well-being of young people and creating jobs for them should be fully taken into account in the impact of information and communication technologies on each priority factor.
The travaux préparatoires would indicate that paragraph 1 (d) was intended to emphasize that States parties, in accordance with the obligations they had undertaken under the various international instruments on human rights to which they were parties, must not be interpreted as modifying their obligations.
Human rights defenders protested or sentenced to laws, policies or practices that violate fundamental freedoms and human rights, and they themselves became the subject of security legislation in many countries.
Compared to previous national communications, the third reporting by Parties has significantly improved the presentation of information and the reporting of policies and measures.
They described the steps taken to prepare for ratification of the Protocol, including the necessary legislation.
Annex I
The two-day high-level meeting will be held from 1 to 2 September and the second session of the CRIC will be held from 26 to 29 August 2003.
I would be grateful if you would have this letter and its annex circulated as an official document of the Conference on Disarmament to all members of the Conference and non-member States participating in its work.
Expert Meeting on Measuring e-commerce as a means of developing a digital economy
In response to requests from task managers, the UNCCD secretariat, if possible, contributed to the Secretary-General's thematic report on land and agriculture, covering chapters 10, 12 and 14 of Agenda 21, the report of the Secretary-General on the institutional procedures for Agenda 21 and other related reports of the Secretary-General to the Summit and its Preparatory Committee.
(d) In addition to the cases to which they have been appointed, the right to adjudicate in the pre-trial proceedings in other cases.
It prepared draft rules of procedure, terms of reference of the Panel and special contract agreements for experts serving the Council.
The Commission requested the Working Group to hold substantive discussions at its fortieth session, in October 2002, on the issues raised in the preliminary investigations by the Secretariat (A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.94).
A developing country, even with more than 10 per cent of its infection rate, as in Uganda, can reverse the upward trend in transmission rates.
But this is not enough.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
The expansion of the UNFPA donor base reflected the broad support UNFPA received from programme countries that it supported and recognized that the mobilization of funds was a common responsibility of UNFPA and all its members.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/21100/Add.30-33, 36-38, 42 and 47; S/22110/Add.69, 13, 14, 20, 24, 25, 32, 37 and 40; S/23370/Add.8, 11, 28, 34 and 39; S/25070/Add.1, 2, 5, 21, 24 and Corr.1, 26 and 47; S/1994/20/Add.8, 39-45; and S/1995/40/Add.15, S/1996/15/Add.15, 42 and 23;
Fourthly, the military revolution has flourished, arms are becoming more complex and the boundaries between conventional arms and weapons of mass destruction are becoming increasingly blurred.
At the outset, the Management Committee unanimously agreed to this timetable.
This time has demonstrated that the time has indeed been set for the transfer of this responsibility to the Iraqi people, but that should be done in tandem with the political process leading to the Iraqi sovereign Government.
This may result in inconsistencies in requirements and other problems for enterprises, which are poor in the public requirements of information for different purposes.
United Nations agencies, programmes and offices that are members of United Nations country teams have a very important role to play in this regard.
Examination procedures should be standardized, objective and transparent.
If this adjustment method is used, reference should be made to the IPCC good practice guidance before access to the IPCC Guidelines.
This meeting is indeed an extraordinary one.
After the completion of this work, we should — and I hope we can — enter the next phase of the implementation of resolution 1244 (1999) and, in accordance with paragraph 11 (e) of the resolution, the process aimed at determining Kosovo's final status.
Report of the Fifth Committee
At the 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Committee introduced a draft decision entitled “Inter-organizational security measures: accountability framework for the United Nations security management system in the field” (A/C.5/57/L.17).
Approves, in principle, the approach taken by the Secretary-General to acquire the United Nations consolidated building by signing a pre-rent-a-purchase agreement with the United Nations, with the land occupied by the building and the building being owned by the United Nations at the end of the agreement;
Environmental and social reports must be verified in order to ensure their credibility.
Consultations with non-Member States (IDB.27/20)
The acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey, as well as the EFTA countries and members of the European Economic Area, align themselves with this statement.
Regional and international organizations such as the Asian and Pacific Telecommunication Community, UNDP, ITU, the Asian Development Bank, the United Nations University and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) have made significant contributions to the Conference.
The objective of this interregional joint project is to strengthen international competitiveness and the negotiating capacity of developing countries through the sharing of national and regional knowledge on issues and best practices in the following areas: (i) trade promotion and diversification; (ii) greater participation of small and medium-sized enterprises in global supply networks; (iii) development and implementation of trade facilitation policies at the national and regional levels; and (iv) greater use of knowledge management and information and communication technologies in supply chain management.
Cooperation between UNDP and the regional commissions has also improved in certain areas; however, the Executive Secretaries agreed that UNDP must be more active in the work of the Executive Committee on Economic and Social Affairs and regional coordination meetings to ensure greater coordination in the implementation of regional programmes and activities and in the preparation of the Human Development Report.
Economic development in Asia has an impact on global commodity demand and supply, thereby indirectly affecting Africa.
Efforts have therefore been made to ensure consistency of the consultative groups, round tables and country-level development framework policies.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(v) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa;
Advancement of women [item 110].
(i) Assessment of the interconnection between culture and development and poverty eradication in the context of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The United Nations system has also developed emergency humanitarian assistance projects in response to the recurrent drought and the coffee crisis in Chidanga and Managua and the North Atlantic Autonomous Region.
Agenda item 91: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
Also reaffirms that the follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and to the twenty-third special session will be undertaken within the framework of the integrated and coordinated follow-up to major international conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields;
Both spouses must have more than 24 years old.
Many of the major issues of concern, such as reform of the international financial markets and trade conditions, control of the effects of environmental pollution, risks of global warming and epidemics, migration flows and refugee flows, the eradication of extreme poverty, access to health care, water and food, rapid urbanization, are, of course, governance issues that require international cooperation.
Institutional environment
Report of the Second Committee (A/58/484/Add.2)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/432/Add.1)
Draft decision I was adopted (decision 58/560).
The substance of this proposal is to reiterate Russia's readiness to issue a notification in advance of the imminent launch of a spacecraft and its object and basic parameters.
4.5 Through the joint investment of the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) and the Government of Guyana, projects for poor rural communities have been introduced, focusing on development initiatives in rural areas in Sector 2 and 3.
However, the proportion of births attended by women in the interior with the help of doctors was only 7%.
It was also noted that the pilot plant produced UDMH, a more efficient and advanced fuel.
United Nations regional commissions
However, the project has expanded considerably over the years, including population trends, international migration flows, smuggling and trafficking in migrants, international cooperation in the management of international migration, the misuse of international asylum systems, and the extent of brain drain and its impact on countries of origin.
Online training courses are also an effective mechanism.
Indonesia has been a victim of a number of terrorist attacks, including the largest terrorist attack that occurred in Bali on 12 October 2002 and, most recently, the Mario Hotel in Jakarta on 5 August 2003.
To deal with major cases, the mission established the Counter-Terrorism Task Force.
All components of the broad coalition established in Monterrey are also part of this High-level Dialogue — Governments, key stakeholders, other intergovernmental organizations, civil society and the business sector.
Following a comprehensive review of the information provided by a number of Member States, the Committee decided to exchange partial or full market exchange rates for Argentina, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Iraq, Lebanon, Myanmar, Nigeria, the Syrian Arab Republic, Uruguay and Venezuela, following a comprehensive review of the countries that had adjusted their exchange rates for the scale for the period 2001-2003, their gross national income growth in United States dollars, and those countries where the revised methodology for the rate of exchange for the scale had appeared to be negative.
Once the Committee has decided to calculate the data to be used in the scale of assessments for the period 2004-2006, the specific methodology outlined in paragraph 1 of resolution 55/5 B has been applied.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the long-term financial obligations of the United Nations in the implementation of judgements,4 but it is understood that future budgetary requests for the enforcement of sentences will be considered on a case-by-case basis, taking into account the legal, administrative and financial reasons provided in support of each request;
The Chairman also held several informal consultations.
Building confidence is a dynamic process.
In accordance with the Prime Minister's Order No. 134 of 5 May 2000, responsibility for the drafting of State reports on United Nations human rights conventions was entrusted to a cross-ministerial working group coordinated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
A more detailed report would then be provided reflecting not only the conclusions of the meetings but also the discussions.
In favour:
3 Infant mortality is 110 per 1,000 live births; life expectancy at birth is 43.3 years (1995-2000); see United Nations Development Programme, Human Development Report 2000, Oxford, 2000, New York.
In 1991, the European Community, Japan and Canada promoted action to establish the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms, with common aspirations.
During the period from 1 June 2002 to 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library held 125 training sessions for a total of 631 trainees, including Secretariat staff, mission staff and government officials, interns, representatives of non-governmental organizations, depository librarians and visitors.
In such cases, the branch and subsidiary bodies shall inform the bank or financial institution headquarters of the matter so that a computer system can be established and currency movements are properly tracked.
Draft Anti-Terrorism Act
At the interregional level, special emphasis will continue to be placed on responding to the technical cooperation needs of LDCs in the context of the Integrated Framework for Multi-agency Trade-related Technical Assistance and on expanding activities to promote South-South trade and export-led poverty reduction.
The budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and the proposed budget for 2004-2005 maintained resources for all levels of language training, reflecting the importance of language capacity.
5.1 General comments
7.1 Federal Law on the Appointment of Bodies
It urged the Government to ensure that the higher and continuing education of lawyers and judges fully includes a deeper understanding of equality and non-discrimination and international norms and norms in this regard.
This cross-sectoral working group has been established in many states of the Federation, since the fight against trafficking in persons can only be successful through close cooperation with the various units.
(1) The temporary special measures adopted by States parties to accelerate the achievement of de facto equality between men and women shall not be considered as discrimination within the meaning of this Convention, nor shall they lead to the maintenance of unequal or separate standards; they shall cease to apply when the objectives of equality of opportunity and treatment have been achieved.
In the category B wage level (which is roughly equivalent to the executive branch), the proportion of women in German staff is 52.94 per cent (117 women and 104 men), and in category C ( roughly equivalent to intermediate services), the proportion of women is 53.72 per cent (375 women and 323 men).
(a) Persons raising children contribute to society as a whole.
With regard to women's participation in cultural life, the following can be added:
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in all matters relating to marriage and family relations and, in particular, shall ensure, on a basis of equality of men and women:
Gross monthly income of full-time employees in manufacturing*
We are very concerned about the deteriorating situation in the Middle East.
I now give the floor to the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations.
At present, Israel continues to exacerbate tension and thus to attack Syrian territory.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization
Many international conference speakers on organized crime and international cooperation mechanisms, in particular:
1987-1994: Assistant Prosecutor for the District of Zdessa, Ukraine (2.2 million population).
• Under article 500 of the Criminal Code, those who assist and abet the commission of terrorist crimes should be held accountable for the offence in question if they are unable to identify the perpetrators of such acts.
Published in the Official Gazette No. 9 of 21 May 2002.
It was an outstanding issue as to whether the depositary should also give the other States parties the reasons for transmitting the information that the reservation could not be formulated.
Otherwise, the depositary would be transformed into a supervisor, and might lose the original “post office” character, which was wrong under the current law, and would be undesirable under the proposed law.
The Committee was therefore urged to pay greater attention to the conditions in which the activities of foreign ships would entail liability and to the corresponding preventive cooperation efforts of flag States, the State of registry, and, where appropriate, port States.
It was also suggested that recent trends in international law rules, such as environmental and economic law, were increasingly characterized by self-contained regimes, and that, as a first step, the Commission could undertake a comprehensive survey of rules and mechanisms dealing with potentially conflicting norms found in relevant international instruments, followed by an analysis of rules of general international law, in particular the relevant treaty legal rules, in order to determine their adequacy.
Organizational matters.
In 2001, following the Commission's decision in 1998 to appoint an independent expert on extreme poverty, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights issued a statement on poverty and human rights in order to clarify the conceptual link between the two issues.
Participants concluded that greater efforts must be made to enhance the dissemination of information on their mandates and activities.
UPDF withdrew from the Yambio camp and the town's police headquarters to avoid the conflict.
He expressed his understanding of the concerns of States, but urged delegations to make every effort to reach a compromise.
Germany recognizes that the threat posed by terrorism and excessive armaments threatens international peace and security.
In recent years, efforts to achieve peace in the Middle East have mostly taken place outside the Council.
In particular, policymakers would like to ensure that there are sufficient numbers of researchers to serve the needs of countries that expand their scientific capacity and focus more on knowledge.
Article I
Noting that the majority of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
Informal consultations on agenda item 52 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
The next two-year cycle will focus on each policy session.
Policy documents of the Secretary-General
Recognizing also the important role of new and emerging technologies in enhancing national productivity and competitiveness, and the need, inter alia, for capacity-building and measures to promote the transfer and diffusion of technologies to developing countries and public awareness of science and technology,
High Contracting Parties and parties to an armed conflict should take all feasible precautions in areas under their control that are affected by explosive remnants of war, so that civilian populations, civilian individuals and civilian objects are not exposed to explosive remnants of war.
The stockpiles of explosive ordnance should be subject to periodic firing tests, as appropriate, to ensure that they are expected to function.
Welcoming also the active and strengthened review process for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons at the first session of the Preparatory Committee, held in New York from 8 to 19 April 2002,
UNCTAD
While we are strongly engaged in the fight against terrorism, it is also necessary to ensure the dignity and fundamental freedoms of individuals and to ensure that democratic processes and due process are not trampled.
Such reporting would help the sanctions Committee to measure compliance with sanctions and to identify the technical assistance needed by States to improve their implementation.
In 2002, the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States continued its efforts to mainstream the Brussels Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 into the programme of work of United Nations agencies, funds and programmes.
Audit management
Draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.8 and A/C.2/58/L.49
The policy of introducing a multi-trigate approach to staff resources, as implemented by UNHCR (see para. 19 above), could be explored, including through the use of such a policy between the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the United Nations Office of Human Resources Management to meet the needs of the staff of the Office in large or complex emergencies, and the removal of personnel from United Nations reserve staff, including high-level reserve personnel.
This has enabled WHO to be fully eligible to benefit from the World Bank as a funding agency later and has made the relationship between the WHO representative in Dili and the expert seconded from UNTAET from WHO (although the provision in this regard represents a small proportion of the overall funding of WHO activities in East Timor).
Details are provided in the Secretary-General's report S/1999/1024, dated 4 October 1999.
Sixth meeting
The Conference of the Parties,
Mr. Robert Mugabe, President of Zimbabwe, was escorted into the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Miller (Barbados): I am particularly honoured to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
The EU's recent emphasis in the Common Foreign and Security Policy on curbing the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction is a sign that we very much want our common efforts to be at the forefront.
MOTAPM should not be equipped with anti-handling devices.
He welcomed the UNCTAD report's brief recognition of the impact of conflict on LDCs' development.
The Advisory Group recommended that the ninth session be held in early March 2004.
The role of the regional commissions in providing important technical cooperation services to developing countries was also recognized.
At a time when the Conference on Disarmament is facing an impasse, I would like to join members in expressing the hope that the Disarmament Commission — the only body able to discuss the disarmament guiding principles — will remain the framework for an effective and fruitful exchange.
Human beings have been exploring ways of eliminating nuclear weapons since the date of their inception.
We view this as an important gesture that will seriously launch practical ways and means of achieving nuclear disarmament.
The first speaker was the representative of Greece, speaking on behalf of the States members of the European Union.
Unlike the Ottawa Convention, it did not impose a complete ban on landmines, but the way in which they move forward was widely supported by the major users and major producers.
At the same time, my Government has sent a clear signal that it does not intend to sacrifice the future and has nominated a diplomat to serve in the important post in Osei (Ministry of Foreign Affairs).
The Government of the Congo considered that the draft UNCITRAL Model Law on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects represented real progress, which would enable States to harmonize their legislation, and welcomed the Commission's decision to consolidate the Model Law and the UNCITRAL Legislative Guide on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects into a single text and to retain all legislative recommendations.
Decisions on the next meeting, including dates and venues
Recalling also paragraph 102 of the Final Document adopted by the Thirteenth Conference of Heads of State or Government of Non-Aligned Countries, held in Kuala Lumpur from 20 to 25 February 2003, in which it was noted, inter alia, that the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean would continue to hold informal consultations on the future work of the Committee,
Table 11.5 Resource requirements by subprogramme (Thousands of United States dollars)
Mine action is one of the priorities of Ukraine's peace and security policy.
We believe that addressing the issue of landmines in many post-conflict situations is a prerequisite for peace consolidation and reconstruction.
In Guatemala, an administrative coordination unit was established in 1997 for mine clearance and the destruction of unexploded ordnance.
In addition, the representative of Israel announced his readiness to cooperate on the issue of landmines.
Progress in the implementation of the HIPC Initiative was extremely difficult and slow, and countries with cumbersome procedures and even the completion point were unlikely to find themselves at the end of the process at a level of sustainable debt.
UNFPA expects that the implementation of the ERP system will replace all existing systems used at headquarters and country offices.
Training.
Posts.
Document DP/1997/2.
A prisoner who has served his sentence may be carried out by electronic means of monitoring when serving the last four months of imprisonment.
UNEP noted its support for the work of the Centre for International Crime Prevention in the area of crime prevention and expressed the hope that future cooperation on issues of common concern would be forthcoming.
In view of my responsibilities as Chairman of the Islamic Summit, I believe it is my duty to inform you of the decisions taken at the meeting so that you may convey to the members of the Security Council, so that they take our position into account in the consideration of the aforementioned issues.
If we continue to work on the basis of these fundamental points, I am sure that we can outline new prospects for global security: human rights are respected in the face of the threats to our time, including the threat of terrorism.
The rest will be reported in future instalments.
2 The Panel compares the Palestinian “late claims” with all the original category “C” claims, as well as the groups in this total: that is, the Kuwaiti, Jordanian and Palestinian, who filed claims by Governments and international organizations.
An important purpose of the review was to provide brief and highly generic information on a number of issues that were representative of the United Nations in technical cooperation, to assist programme countries in making decisions on technical cooperation and to assist donors in making the necessary adjustments in funding decisions.
According to this, the competition among United Nations technical cooperation providers offers options, while overall coherence is achieved through the process of country programming.
Also welcomes the ongoing dialogue between the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee and relevant bodies for the promotion and protection of human rights in the fight against terrorism, and encourages the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee to continue to develop their cooperation with relevant human rights bodies, in particular with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, giving due consideration to the promotion and protection of human rights in the context of their ongoing work in accordance with Security Council resolutions related to counter-terrorism;
The concept of a culture of peace, which includes respect for life, full respect for human rights, the rejection of violence, sustainable human development, conflict prevention and tolerance, solidarity, pluralism and the acceptance of differences and mutual understanding among nations and ethnic, religious, cultural and other groups and individuals, today, the range of values, ideas, traditional practices, patterns of conduct and lifestyles covered by the concept of a culture of peace have become an integral part of almost all major initiatives of national, regional and multilateral forums.
Pledges to the United Nations Development Fund for Women for 2003 as at 30 June 2003
For example, when participating in international military operations, the Norwegian armed forces do not use air-delivered cluster bombs that are likely to be high.
Albania, Belgium, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, India, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey.
Concluding observations of the Committee of the Rights of the Child: Czech Republic (CRC/C/15/Add.201), 2003, para. 56, cited in E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/23/Add.1, para.
In that regard, we welcome the results achieved by those organizations at United Nations Headquarters on 6 March.
It cannot be allowed to cover States that are committed to supporting and glorifying terrorism by submitting lengthy national reports.
Also calls upon Israel to abide by Articles 100, 104 and 105 of the Charter of the United Nations and the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, and in the safety and security of the Agency's staff, the protection of the Agency's institutions and the facilities;
Control of precursors
On agenda item 107, “Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing”, and following resolution 57/167, the Secretary-General submitted a report entitled “Follow-up to the Second World Assembly on Ageing” (A/58/160).
Article 20 establishes the requirement of continuous nationality until the date of the request, and the creation of this rule is related to the individual and should extend to legal persons on the basis of judicial grounds.
However, there are still vulnerable employees who are excluded from the ten-year deregulation of the labour market and are virtually unprotected by trade unions, although there are allegations of breaches of good will, mediation through employment-related legislation has rendered labour relations less confrontational and has led to other disputes, such as human rights and the environment.
The delegation of New Zealand acknowledged that a cap on paid parental leave would limit the admission of some fathers to the programme, particularly in view of the continuing wage gap between men and women.
In order to resist pressure from male rights groups, New Zealand is committed to focusing on children who are dissolved by marriage or relationship.
They considered that the interim Chemical Review Committee had sufficient and clear information to make recommendations by consensus and that all relevant criteria for listing chrysotile asbestos had been met and had followed the relevant due process.
Table 3. Third instalment category “A” claims corrections
(c) Contributions by the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.45
Resolutions
Macroeconomic policy questions
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
A/C.3/58/L.32 Item 116 -- Right of peoples to self-determination -- 27-Power draft resolution -- Use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the right of peoples to self-determination [A C E F R S]
Long-term private capital flows to developing countries
The first net increase was due to the deregulation of financial deregulation in industrialized countries and the rapid growth in the European dollar market.
In the 1990s, the official “savings” operation became the main international mechanism for dealing with debt-servicing capacity, but many issues were considered relevant to the application of the scheme.
19 Debt Relief International, “Implementation of the HIPC II: Meeting of the HIPC Ministers with the Bretton Woods institutions to express concerns about the HIPC Initiative”, 7th HIPC Ministerial Conference, 27 September 2002, Washington, D.C., www.dri.org.uk.
(h) A common integrated third-party insurance plan should be adopted at the bilateral, subregional and regional levels;
The report of the Secretary-General (A/57/387 para. 56) refers to two sets of measures recommended: improving the quality of reports and analysis emanating from special procedures, including the designation of clear criteria for the use of special procedures and the selection of appointees, the development of better guidelines for operational activities and reporting guidelines: and the need to strengthen the capacity of the Organization to support special procedures, including the appointment of more senior professionals and the provision of good administrative support.
It was welcome, however, that 14 women were represented in the 99 deputies of the National Assembly, and one of the six members of the Royal Advisory Council was female.
At present, the number of students enrolled in secondary school (secondary level) has exceeded the absorptive capacity of the existing educational infrastructure.
Although there were no parallel schemes specifically designed for women, the Royal Government was committed to incorporating measures to promote women's participation in development into all sectoral plans and programmes to reflect the particular needs and potential of women.
Divorce is not rare because Bhutan, unlike many other countries, does not prohibit divorce.
More than half of the actions taken to eliminate such transactions have resulted in the diversion of sex workers to the ground, so that they are not monitored and dealt with and do not provide advice on HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.
Royal Government of Bhutan Ministry of Education, 2001.
There is widespread recognition that trade liberalization will bring enormous economic benefits.
The first phase of the World Summit on the Information Society, to be held in Geneva in 2003, should help improve the use of information and communication technologies in all countries and bridge the digital divide.
Finalization of the areas in which agreements have been reached and the resolution of the outstanding issues, with a view to elaborating a universally acceptable instrument based on the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property adopted by the Commission at its forty-third session and on the discussions and discussions of the Open-ended Working Group and the Ad Hoc Committee of the Sixth Committee, and to recommend the format of the instrument.
The two hotels were occupied by Iraqi forces and were extensively damaged; the second hotel had been used as a centre for the holding of hostages and Kuwaiti prisoners; and the hotels referred to in the third claim Hotel were widely burned by Iraqi forces.
Accordingly, for example, with respect to the three claims filed by persons operating in Kuwait's hotels, as described in paragraphs 153 to 154 above, the Panel concludes that, taking into account the nature of the institutions administered in each case, the extent of the significant loss suffered, the duration of the reconstruction and the measures of improvement as part of the repair, the first and second claimants claimed 31 March 1991 and 9 July 1991 and the date of 1 January 1993 claimed by the third claimants, respectively.
111. The value of the contents of commercial instruments should be calculated, cash flows and reserves should be projected and the expected profits and loss flows should be determined on the assumption.
Ibid., paras. 209 and 210.
Bearing in mind that mines and other unexploded ordnance pose a serious threat to the safety, health and life of local civilians and of personnel participating in humanitarian, peacekeeping and rehabilitation programmes and operations,
Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 24 of Security Council resolution 1483 (2003) (S/2003/715)
Iraq has made a great contribution to our understanding and appreciation of law, science and art, and indeed to human civilization.
It is clear that this contribution of Iraqi friends with common value to the Iraqi people should be a response to the hopes and aspirations of the Iraqi people themselves.
Gross national income per capita fell to almost half of 2000.
6 Information received on 16 September 2003 from the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Palestinian Territory (UNSCO), para.
The Advisory Committee recommends that the Executive Board approve the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003, the proposed staffing level for the biennium 2002-2003, and approve the projections for 2004-2005, taking into account the circumstances described in paragraph 8 above.
Consequently, there were resignations, as was the case in two United Nations information centres visited by the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
United Nations
Source: Statistics on higher education in Spain and Spanish education statistics from the Ministry of Science and Education, based on the National Statistical Office.
In terms of total population mortality, 371,102 people died in 1999, of whom 47.39 per cent were women.
The network, composed of professionals, seeks to promote the inclusion of specific issues of women's health in programming and research.
Policies and programmes
Amendments to the laws on the status enumerated above
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/14.
They have serious implications for children.
There is no doubt that this issue poses a long-term challenge to the entire United Nations family.
In many countries of the world, children are the main victims of armed conflict.
The United States insists on establishing 18 years as the minimum age for compulsory recruitment by State actors and recruitment or use in hostilities by non-State actors.
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Commends the Board for its efforts in monitoring the implementation of the relevant Economic and Social Council resolutions, in particular with regard to:
* This document was submitted late due to internal consultations.
The public sector can be considered to operate efficiently when the public sector has the effect or “effectiveness” that is consistent with the objectives guiding its operation.
It was so decided.
Operative paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
Based on this view, a comprehensive approach cannot yield constructive results.
See also the 2003 Protocol on the Establishment of an International Oil Pollution Supplementary Fund, supplementary fund for “third party”.
On 21 June 2003, my Special Representative addressed a letter to the Administrator explaining the United Nations understanding of our common and individual responsibilities in accordance with the provisions of resolution 1483 (2003) concerning the orderly transfer of authority over the oil-for-food programme.
http://www.cisg.at/1_2999v.htm (dd)
Promotion of the right of everyone to culture and respect for different cultural identities
Such lessons can be learned from external evaluations, project monitoring and/or knowledge generated through “learning by doing” in project implementation.
While awareness-raising and awareness-raising are rare for behavioural change, they can usefully complement and enhance information and action on other types of interventions.
Recalling the Convention on International Liability for Damage Caused by Space Objects and the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space,
Moreover, in addition to the Bouake area, the Forces nouvelles did not allow full freedom of movement for military liaison officers; in Man and Buna, they allowed only the controlled access of military liaison officers.
Financial aspects
Requests the Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, in cooperation with other relevant international and regional organizations, to assist States in developing relevant legislation and regulations and to provide other expertise or technical assistance in the ratification and implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime5 and its Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, and encourages Member States to continue to support the work of the Centre through voluntary contributions to the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Let us strengthen the fight against terrorism.
In the diplomatic process of trying to find a peaceful solution to the Iraqi crisis in the Security Council, Angola has consistently advocated a peaceful settlement of the conflict and reiterates that the use of force should be a last resort.
I would also like to thank Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei for their excellent work, characterized by neutrality and objectivity.
At the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken on the first preambular paragraph and operative paragraph 35 (a), which was retained by 51 votes to 1, with no abstentions. The voting was as follows:
The text of the resolution as a whole was adopted without a vote.
While the Committee wished to spare no effort in improving the Committee's ability to comply with the Protocol, it was equally aware that the change in baseline data was a serious matter, and that it would be acceptable only if the Committee had fully considered that the change was sufficiently justified, and that the Committee had established a methodology for future submissions, which would be clarified in a proposed decision.
He concluded by pointing out that the environmental impact of the two major atmospheric changes coincided with the need to work for the protection of the ozone layer: the faster the success we have achieved, the less the damage.
(ii) To terminate all consumption of methyl bromide in accordance with the reduction plan, in addition to the essential uses that may be approved by the Parties;
In a port security programme, the Netherlands has signed a letter of intent to strengthen cooperation with Colombia, including between the public and private sectors, such as the police and port companies.
(ii) The party against whom the interim measure is directed has not received an appropriate notification of the appointment of an arbitrator or the arbitral proceedings [in such a case the court may suspend the enforcement proceedings until the arbitral tribunal has heard the statement of the parties]; or
It was further explained that the intention of the revised draft was that, in order for the courts to have discretion in refusing to recognize and enforce an interim measure, the Court should not only be satisfied that there were significant problems, but also that the issue was an appropriate basis for refusing enforcement and recognition.
It was generally agreed that the formulation of the provision should avoid unnecessary deviation from the text of articles 35 and 36.
In that connection, the Working Group considered that it should also be left to the applicable procedural law.
If a State is less likely to refuse enforcement, this is not incompatible with the unity that these model provisions seek to achieve.
C. Factors determining the quality and cost of logistics services 13 - 16 7
Vienna, 17-21 November 2003
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce (“the Model Law”) also lacks specific rules on this issue.
The courts unanimously found that the advertising of Internet commodities was merely an invitation (invitatio adsendum) and considered that a binding contract would only be established if the seller accepted the buyer's offer (offer).
In the financial intermediation sector, the Financial Police Service is primarily responsible for the following anti-money-laundering investigations, in accordance with section 5 (10) of Law No. 197 of 5 July 1991, as amended by Decree No. 153 of 26 May 1997, through the Monetary Special Police Unit (and, as authorized, the respective units of the Tax Police).
It is very clear that this crime must be committed in Italian territory or, in any case, within Italian criminal jurisdiction.
First counts
(Signed) NGUIE MOBOB
At the same time, the fundamental nature of the Special Court as the Cambodian National Court would not be affected.
The accused, Naser Azemi, Gazmend Zeqri and Freiz Deliu, came from the city of Vitina and were charged with terrorist activities, illicit weapons and ammunition and incitement to hatred.
(b) The SBSTA reaffirmed the relevance of the technical documents prepared by the IPCC on the interlinkages between biological diversity and climate change and the valuable contribution to the work of inter-Convention cooperation;
Harvard University (Winter 2003): Professor Robert Kennedy and Professor Philippe Hermann delivered a course entitled “Enabling justice”, analysing how prosecutors perform their functions in countries where public and private law is practised and examining the ways in which prosecution officials commit crimes at the national and international levels, and organized a seminar entitled “Human rights, international commerce, corruption and the promotion of the rule of law in developing countries”.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Requests the secretariat of the Global Environment Facility, in consultation with the secretariat of the Convention, to initiate a dialogue with a view to making more effective follow-up to the guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties to the entity operating financial mechanism of the Global Environment Facility, taking into account lessons learned from projects and programmes funded from the Global Environment Facility, and to seek to simplify those guidance and to report on the outcome of that dialogue in its report to the Conference of the Parties at its tenth session;
It should be flexible as a framework for country-driven action to address the specific requirements and circumstances of Parties and reflect their national priorities and initiatives.
In addition, in view of the damage caused by the conflict, the Committee on Contributions considered it preferable, in order to re-evaluate the country's assessment rate for 2003, to apply the United Nations operational rate of exchange, rather than price adjustments, to prepare the current scale.
The European Union was of the view that the adjustments to some assessments in accordance with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly should not under any circumstances lead to an increase in the membership of other Member States in the scale as adopted by the Assembly.
The United States Virgin Islands is an organized but unincorporated Territory of the United States of America.
Among other things, the Bill of Rights lists the rights to due process and equal protection, freedom of expression, freedom of association and freedom of religion.
One of the concerns in recent years is the high drop-out rate in the Territory.
He deplored the violations of the rights and interests of civilians by the parties to the conflict in Burundi and called on the warring parties to seek lasting peace.
To negotiate with the “Montreal International” and the Canadian Ministry of Foreign Affairs to second a senior diplomat to serve as a permanent ambassador at the International Secretariat of the UNESCO Correspondence Network.
(c) International financial system and development;
Legislation targeting Gedo and the Taliban has been updated on a number of occasions to bring them into line with the changes decided by the Security Council sanctions Committee and the exceptions foreseen in resolution 1452 (2002).
(c) Royal Decree on the Ministry of Education issued on 7 January 1979
The review resulted in the termination of 9 of the initial 13 audit recommendations by OIOS and the reaffirmation of four recommendations, three of which were accepted by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Conditions of service and compensation for officials other than Secretariat officials serving the General Assembly: full-time members of the International Civil Service Commission and Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/C.5/57/35)
In respect of any offence to which this article applies, States Parties shall endeavour, subject to their domestic law, to expedite extradition proceedings and to simplify the evidentiary requirements relating thereto.
Unless the State Party from which the person is transferred in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 11 of this article agrees, the person, regardless of nationality, shall not be prosecuted, detained, punished or subjected to any other restriction of his or her liberty in the territory of the State to which he or she was transferred for acts, omissions or convictions prior to his or her departure from the territory of the State from which the person was transferred.
(d) Evaluation and strengthening of institutions, public sector management, public finance management, including public procurement, and the private sector;
Each State Party shall, as requested by the Conference of the States Parties, provide information to the Conference on its own programmes, plans and practices, as well as on legislative and administrative measures to implement this Convention.
Israel and Palestine must coexist in peace and security within recognized borders.
North Korea must not be allowed to develop and possess nuclear weapons, based on the position of peace and security in North-East Asia and international non-proliferation.
Part I
Are there other benefits that contribute to strengthening domestic capacity?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS issued revised version 6 of the Guidelines (www.unhchr.ch/hiv/96) to provide guidance on access by States and other actors to prevention, medical care, care and support in the context of HIV/AIDS.
b The former German Democratic Republic acceded to the Convention on 20 February 1975 with a reservation of 1,2,3.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided that the term of office of the members should begin on the date of their election, that is, 21 April.
The revised appeal requirements remained modest, with only $71.5 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure the achievement of equality between women and men in article 2, paragraph 2, and article 3 of the Convention.
The Committee recommends that the State party enact specific legislation against trafficking in persons and ensure its effective implementation.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing policy and its federal housing programme and to take measures at the national level to ensure adequate housing facilities and equipment for home-based households.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the ancestral lands of the songlopes and to ensure that any expulsion is consistent with the guidelines set out in the Committee's general comment No. 7.
Non-governmental organizations should be encouraged to make joint statements.
They also contain very useful definitions of terms — such as “from their surface” or “indicative place”, which have different meanings in paper and electronic environments.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress and challenges and constraints in achieving the major development goals and targets adopted by the United Nations in the past decade
Activities:
Identify the conditions of Iraqi industrial research and technology development enterprises and provide the necessary support for the rehabilitation.
The Arab Labour Organization considers it necessary to provide all Iraqi social partners, including labour management organizations, business organizations and workers' organizations, with the following forms of assistance:
- The League of Arab States will assist in the development of relevant norms for radio and television production.
In addition, high-income and middle-income countries were encouraged to contribute to UNICEF core resources in accordance with their capacity, thereby avoiding increasing excessive reliance on a limited number of donor countries.
Many of them clearly reflect the interface with UNDAF and UNICEF contributions to the MDGs.
The draft decision was adopted.
The Financial Intelligence Unit has therefore promoted training programmes related to the prevention of capital legalization and the financing of terrorism through forums, seminars and conferences.
With regard to illicit synthetic drugs, especially amphetamine-type stimulants, we have little knowledge of their origin and production, but illicit production has begun to expand from traditional centres in North America, Europe and East Asia.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The Secretariat informed the Committee of Permanent Representatives that the organizational and substantive preparations had been planned; most of the unedited advance copies of pre-session documents had been distributed to all members of the Committee and posted on the Committee of Permanent Representatives' website; and the final version of the approved version would be posted on the UN-Habitat website as soon as possible.
Addition of the first preambular paragraph
Official exports reportedly reached $28 million between January and May 2003.
No one spoke under the item.
Emphasizes that the primary objective of the introduction of new technologies should be to improve the quality of conference services and ensure the highest cost-effective and timely delivery of conference services, and requests the Secretary-General to report on the use of new technologies;
To that end, activities such as the African Development Forum will be undertaken with a view to reaching consensus on important issues in Africa's development and to developing a collective African perspective on those issues and on ways to enhance cooperation between Africa and its bilateral and multilateral partners.
Ms. Gabr, noting that the major problem of poverty had a direct impact on the education of girls and on the rise in illiteracy rates and the employment of women, said that urgent remedial measures were clearly needed to that end.
Specific UNICEF support is provided for in the country programme of cooperation.
The examples cited were only illustrative and could not be done.
The Council reiterates its intention to continue to keep the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina under close review and welcomes the EU Police Mission deployed by the European Union since 1 January 2003.
In the near future, the “United States-led Joint Command” was unilaterally disguised as “United Nations Command” and continues to be abused to violate the sovereignty of a Member State of the United Nations.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly under agenda items 10 and 159.
Sub-Commission on the Promotion
These consultations included the President's participation in the draft general comment of the Centre for Equal Rights in Accommodation, the Women's Economic Equality Project and the International Network on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, held in Toronto, Canada, from 19 to 20 July 2003.
Figure 2 shows export income data from various sources.
This article sets out the obligation to investigate and prevent those responsible for human cloning.
The Joint Fact-finding Group of the Quartet continued to investigate violence with the active participation of the parties.
Human rights officers continue to provide advisory services to the local population.
Geneva, 30 June-25 July 2003
Staff in the Professional and higher categories with appointments of one year or more
Table 1 shows gender distribution by department or grade.
The United Nations Development Group reports on this issue to the current session of the High-level Committee on Management and also sets out policy principles, objectives and objectives aimed at facilitating spouse employment.
In April 2000, the International Family Care Organization's model project entitled “Save the lives of women: a skilled care initiative” was awarded a grant of $8 million for the five-year period of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which greatly enhanced the financial base of the International Family Care Organization.
On 19 April 2000, the President of the Association, Mrs. Păquette Girard, transmitted to the Secretary-General of the United Nations the Charter of the International Judges, adopted at the annual meeting of the International Association of Judges, held in North Kivu in November 1999.
This statement is defined as the long-term or temporary expulsion of a person, the family and, indeed, the community from the house or land in which they live, contrary to their will, without, or cannot, invoke, appropriate legal or other forms of protection.
However, the findings of the recent United Nations and other studies on the effects of sanctions had found that those exemptions did not produce such effects.
In order to carry out this function effectively, the courts or tribunals concerned must be informed of the nature and impact of the Convention and the important role of judicial remedies in the implementation of the Convention.
Article 13 (2) (b) - Right to secondary education
However, autonomy must be linked to the system of public responsibility, as is the case for State-funded activities.
The Committee is of the view that corporal punishment is incompatible with the fundamental principles of international human rights law as set out in the preamble to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the two Covenants: the dignity of the individual.
Specific legal obligations
In particular, international financial institutions, particularly the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, should place greater emphasis on the protection of the right to health in their lending policies, credit agreements and structural adjustment programmes.
(a) National indigenous peoples provide resources to help them design, supply and manage water resources;
The State party's intervention in the right to water may constitute a breach of the obligation to respect.
The National Ombudsman, the Commission on Human Rights and similar bodies should be allowed to deal with cases of violations of the right to water.
“The Committee would like to reiterate its willingness to assist States parties in fulfilling their reporting obligations.
States parties have generally pointed out the means of declaring a state of emergency as set out in their legal systems and the applicable provisions regulating derogation from the law.
Rule 19
In order to comply with the specific provisions of paragraph 3 (a), charges may be brought orally or in writing, provided that the law and facts on which they are based are stated.
In interpreting the scope of permissible restrictive clauses, States parties should aim at protecting the rights guaranteed by the Covenant, including the right to equality and non-discrimination on all grounds, as set out in articles 2, 3, and 26.
In many civil and political rights instruments, the interaction of many provisions ensures the objectives of the Convention.
The principle of one person's vote must be implemented and, within the framework of each national electoral system, the votes cast by the voters shall be equal.
States parties must provide information to enable the Committee to assess the impact of any laws and customs that may interfere with the right to privacy and other rights protected by article 17 on an equal basis with men.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights provides for the right of peoples to self-determination, in addition to the right of ethnic, religious or linguistic minorities to enjoy their own culture, belief and practice of their religion or to use their own language.
In order to ensure independence and effective oversight, independent national human rights institutions must have adequate infrastructure, financial resources (including funds earmarked for children's rights in broad-based institutions), staff, premises, and no financial control that does not affect their independence.
Government departments can only participate in an advisory capacity.
Clearly, the views of the Non-Self-Governing Territories must be taken fully into account in any future programme of work for decolonization.
We are therefore not submitting it as a formal draft resolution, but rather hope that delegations will have the opportunity to consider it and decide how we can do so.
The Commission may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of work for the session.
Address by the delegation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in exercise of the right of reply to the statement made by the Prime Minister of Mauritius in the general debate on 24 September 2003
Requests the Secretary-General, in consultation with Member States, relevant organizations of the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, the private sector and civil society, to prepare a report on the preparations for the International Year of Microcredit 2005, and to submit it to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session under the item entitled “Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)”.
Bermuda has three courts, namely, the Magistrates Court, the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeal.
The Act gives British citizenship to the people of the Overseas Territories, including Bermudians.
At the same time, Bermuda has a high cost of living and has the highest purchasing power in the world.
The average pension income of persons over the age of 54 years is USD 11,286.
Bermuda believes that a high level of education for Bermuda's residents is a key aspect of its comparative advantage compared with other overseas centres.
The objectives of these activities will include government officials; criminal law and criminal justice experts; public administrators; parliamentarians; practitioners in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice; readers of penal and criminal journals and other publications; officials and members of professional bodies, judges, law enforcement personnel and other relevant professional groups.
The list should also include assets frozen pursuant to resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2001) and 1390 (2002).
Calls upon all donor countries and countries in a position to do so to substantially increase their contributions to the core/regular budget of the United Nations development system, in particular the Fund and the Programme, if possible on a multi-year basis, and stresses the need to further explore alternative sources of funding, which are complementary rather than substitute for traditional sources;
Notes the increased collaboration between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions, and requests the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to explore ways to further enhance their cooperation, cooperation and coordination, including through further harmonization of strategic frameworks, approaches, modalities and partnership arrangements with full reference to recipient countries' priorities, and in this regard stresses the importance of ensuring greater coherence between the United Nations funds, programmes and agencies, as well as the strategic frameworks designated by the Bretton Woods institutions, with national poverty reduction strategies, including the poverty reduction strategy papers developed;
Emphasizes the importance of assisting the least developed countries affected by conflict, natural disasters and other humanitarian situations, as required, in strengthening their institutional capacity and providing adequate support for the efforts of the least developed countries in such situations in the areas of rehabilitation, reconstruction, long-term sustainable development, poverty reduction and peacebuilding in the least developed countries in this context;
Recalling also its agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system, and its subsequent decision to devote a coordination segment of its first meeting in 2005 to the review and appraisal of the system-wide implementation of those agreed conclusions,
Taking into account also the programme of work annexed to the Barcelona Declaration and the Declaration, which emerged from the Euro-Mediterranean Regional Conference held in Barcelona, Spain, in November 1995, with the aim of linking the Mediterranean Transport Network and the Trans-European Transport Network to ensure their interoperability,
(d) The transfer and introduction of new technologies through foreign direct investment and other channels alone cannot ensure access to technology.
At its 42nd plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council recognized the following four persons as members of the Board of the United Nations Research Institute for Social Development for a four-year term of office beginning on 30 June 2007: Yakin Ertürk (Turkey); Elizabeth Ein (Argentina); Marna Pavlo-Siška (Russian Federation) and Salma Suban (Bangladesh/United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland).
At its 46th plenary meeting, on 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/27 of 22 April 2003, endorsed the Commission's decision to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the right to adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living and the right to non-discrimination in this regard for a period of three years, and requested the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.
Haiti Foundation for Housing and Social Inclusion of the Homeless
(d) To note that the Committee will not consider complaints from States against:
Bureau of the Commission on Sustainable Development
Invites Parties that use, produce, import and/or export DDT to provide to the Secretariat, six months before the first meeting of the Conference of the Parties, information on their activities using the draft format and questionnaires referred to above;
The resources of the Conference of the Parties shall consist of:
The legal drafting group noted that no procedures had been established for the decision-making process.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
• Chile (16 June 1992);
Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General to prepare, in cooperation with the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network, a discussion guide for the regional preparatory meetings for the Eleventh Congress;
Five panellists made presentations on the subtheme of the trend towards trafficking in persons, focusing in particular on data collection, global trends in trafficking, trafficking in West Africa, trafficking in South-Eastern Europe and trafficking in children.
With regard to trafficking in children in West Africa, traditional forms of rural children's education were reported to be placed in urban households, which in some cases became forms of trafficking.
UNITAR English-language workshop on the structure and drafting and adoption of United Nations resolutions
The inspection also found no signs of new nuclear facilities or direct support for any nuclear activity.
Question of Tokelau
Countries should not have a tendency to ignore the rule of law in their efforts to combat terrorism.
At the first regular session of the Executive Board in January 2003, the Executive Director, in his report on the implementation of the UNOPS 2002 revised budget (DP/2003/CRP.3), presented the Executive Board with the first year-end preliminary projections, which, in fact, were better results in all of its operational parameters.
IAEA inspection team
Group I: The Panel left the Canal Hotel at 8 a.m. and travelled to the facility site abandoned by Al Muthanna.
Article 19 of the Smuggling Protocol and article 14 of the Trafficking Protocol.
Signature: Ghana (12 September 2003)1
Draft resolution III is entitled “Implementation of strategic deployment stocks”.
The draft resolution was adopted as a whole by 135 votes to 2, with 2 abstentions (resolution 57/325).
Political discussions are indeed very important, and the First Committee remains an important place for delegations to present their views.
We hope that the General Assembly will support the adoption of the draft resolution without a vote, as at the previous session.
With the same clear objectives, several of us, through the Organization of American States, have supported the call to other States in our region to adhere to or ratify the Treaty.
We also believe that the idea of establishing a panel of experts deserves to be taken into account and that the Secretary-General of the United Nations may convene the panel of experts to carry out specific verification tasks, subject to Security Council authorization.
Here, special mention should be made of the fact that the Norwegian Refugee Council's global project on internally displaced persons would enhance the use of the Guiding Principles as one of its primary tasks.
While the corporation is the principal legal person in the field of diplomatic protection, it is not the only legal person that may require such protection.
The provisions of paragraphs 1, 2 or 3 of this article apply irrespective of whether the arbitral, judicial or similar proceedings relate to the dispute that is or have been the subject of the conciliation proceedings.
I thank them for all they stand on our side and for what they have done to resolve the crisis peacefully.
However, in order to maximize the impact of JIU on the cost effectiveness of activities within the United Nations system, it is not enough to simply improve the quality of the formulation and recommendations of the work programme.
The team completed its task one hour and then returned to the Canal Hotel.
(a) Assist in the launching of a thematic network in 2005 (consultancy fees and travel of participants of $40,000);
During the continuing dialogue on the future of the island, the St. Helena Legislative Council issued 13 draft strategic objectives by the end of 2002 to enable the Government to negotiate its new three-year assistance agreement with the United Kingdom (2004-2007).
“f) The maintenance of a fixed place of business solely for the activities referred to in subparagraphs (a) to (e) of any combination, provided that the overall activity of the fixed place of business resulting from the combination of such activity is preparatory or subsidiary.
The Government of Hungary is confident that the present report and previous reports will assist the Committee in assessing the actions taken by Member States and in making recommendations for the improvement of existing measures for consideration by the Security Council.
(2) The seizure of a large number of assets or property for the purposes set forth in subparagraph (a) and the exchange of claims to governmental or international organizations for the purpose of non-destruction or damage to the asset or property or for restitution shall be punishable under subsection (1).
The Seoul Federation of Family Guards of the Republic of Korea launched a “Gender Equality Online Monitoring Group” to report on sexual harassment and gender discrimination on the Internet.
The lump-sum amount of the allowance is determined by the Minister of Labour on an annual basis.
The proportion of women in agriculture remained higher than 50 per cent after 1990 and 51.6 per cent in 1998, 51.5 per cent in 1999 and 2000 and women had become the main source of labour in the agricultural sector.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (2000).
All acts leading to change in status, including birth, marriage, divorce, adoption, invalidity, death, registration, transfer, succession of heads of household, etc., are effective only after the report.
In 2002, it adopted a law against organized crime.
Movement against Racism and Support for Friendship among Peoples
The discussion recorded in this summary record began at 2.25 p.m.
With regard to the latter, what would be the Committee's views?
Ms. Weeks-Brown (Observer for the International Monetary Fund (IMF)) said that the intention of the IMF was not to establish a standard but to recognize the criteria already established by the international community.
We reiterate Nigeria's conviction that international law is the foundation of inter-State relations; mutual respect and the desire for peace are the link between nations large and small.
Corruption is a major factor in poor economic performance and is a major obstacle to poverty reduction and development.
The Secretary of the Committee orally corrected the draft provisional programme of work of the Second Committee for 2004 contained in document A/C.2/58/L.54/Rev.1.
Agenda item 95
The draft resolution notes with satisfaction the growing collaboration among the entities of the United Nations system and encourages them to continue such collaboration in support of the implementation of the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
At the special session of the Security Council Committee against Terrorism held in March this year with international, regional and subregional organizations, the Group of Georgia, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Azerbaijan, Moldova submitted a summary report on its counter-terrorism activities.
It is this message that has led to the Millennium Declaration and the various summits that have followed in the past few years, including, in particular, the Monterrey, Doha and Johannesburg summits.
Upon the nomination of the representative of Belize, Jennifer Miller (Jamaica) was also elected Rapporteur by acclamation.
The representative of the Department responded that the allocation of resources between the various United Nations Radio language units would not change.
With regard to agenda item 4, on LDCs, he noted that the establishment of an effective and sustainable capacity in LDCs was a complex issue that required a long-term vision.
These goals are consistent with the international development goals on poverty governance, and the international development indicators plan to combat poverty has achieved at least 7 per cent of GDP growth and 25 per cent of GDP investment.
With regard to GATS negotiations, she expressed concern that many did not have access to vital public services.
With regard to technical cooperation, the Secretariat should enhance the effectiveness of its activities and highlight the importance of assessing and implementing the recommendations arising from such work.
Moreover, these steps are not prescriptive.
One member from Latin American and Caribbean States;
Four members from the Group of Western European and other States.
Stressing that South-South cooperation is an important component of international cooperation for development and provides effective opportunities for developing countries and countries with economies in transition, individually and collectively, to pursue sustained economic growth and sustainable development,
Scheduled official meetings
The Committee will also begin its general debate on Monday, 6 October 2003, at 10 a.m. and at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The following is an example of the issues and related actions under the current agenda item referred to in the comments.
Recalling its resolution 2002/1 of 15 July 2002 on the decision to consider the establishment of an ad hoc advisory group at the request of any African country emerging from conflict, and its resolution 2002/304 of 25 October 2002 on the decision to establish an ad hoc advisory group on Guinea-Bissau,
In order to combat trafficking in persons and prostitution, the Government had taken a series of measures, the Gender Equality Information and Policy Centre of the Ministry of Labour and Social Security of Belarus and the Federation of Christian Women Young Men of Belarus, with financial support from the United Nations office in the country, published in November 2001 a booklet entitled “Trafficking in persons: imagination or reality?
Unless urgent steps are taken to resolve this deadlock, the fragile security situation in the country may deteriorate further.
As indicated in paragraph 43 and annex IV, table 1, the proposed budget for the Foundation for the biennium 2004-2005 amounts to $5.5 million, of which $4.9 million is for programme resources, $3.3 million for programme support and $4.3 million for management and administration.
A portion of the annual special-purpose contributions from the Russian Federation to the Foundation (costs earmarked for activities in the Russian Federation) were drawn to cover the operational costs of the Office.
At the fourteenth session of the Tribunal, the Committee on Budget and Finance held an initial review of the 2004 budget.
Addendum
Other matters
Rapporteur: Mr. Damin Corr (Ireland)
Notes that the Legal Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, at its forty-second session, continued its work under the provisions of General Assembly resolution 57/116,
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session its report on the review of the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III;
1 December 2003
(d) Consent to the request of Lithuania for the restoration of its voting rights in accordance with article 5.2 of the Constitution of UNIDO;
Noting with satisfaction that UNIDO has provided valuable support to the Palestinian economy through the implementation of integrated programmes aimed at the development and improvement of the Palestinian industrial sector, and noting in particular the encouraging results of the pilot phase of the project that began in 2000,
An analysis by the UNCTAD secretariat showed that Africa's problems were a long-term problem.
Even if estimates are based on the world economy's most optimistic growth outlook, it seems difficult to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
The failure of trade negotiations at the Cancún Ministerial Conference was another concern.
Those working in the sanctions Committee are fully aware that the same name appears once again.
We would like to suggest that such an approach be taken more regularly in the future in Africa and elsewhere.
The outcome of these different discussions should serve as a reference for the Council in dealing with the issues it has undertaken.
(d) Increase awareness among criminal justice officials and other relevant personnel, in particular through training, of the obligation to respect the needs of victims of trafficking and the important role of victims in the investigation and prosecution of such crimes by:
Ms. Sims explained the difficulty of using the term “indigenous peoples” globally.
Wend Wendland outlines the work and future meetings of WIPO on traditional knowledge.
He again met with the Government's senior ministers, including the Minister of the Interior, Sar Kheng, the Minister of Agriculture, Chan Sarun, and the Minister of Lands Administration, Im Chhunlem.
The proposed programme would also require extensive consultations, a well-known open debate and active consultation of judges and prosecutors in the future and strong political will to overcome the gap between the “legal region” and the “real region”.
With the end of the armed conflict, large tracts of land have become very valuable assets that induce the military to claim ownership of former battlefields and uncontrolled remote areas.
The analytical process leading to the elaboration of the Standard Rules was the result of joint efforts by many international organizations and individual experts, including organizations of persons with disabilities and expert groups affiliated to the Standard Rules monitoring mechanism.
A number of alleged supporters were identified in Australia and are being investigated by the relevant Australian authorities.
While he was aware of the differences in the legal system, cultural diversity and different stages of development, and that those differences should be taken into account in the drafting of preventive mechanisms, he noted that they should not be a justification for undermining the achievement of the objectives of the future convention.
Some of the mid-term reviews found a number of advocacy activities to be too broad, and it was therefore recommended that UNFPA, while maintaining an appropriate focus at the country level, select specific areas for focused advocacy.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has considered the report carefully with the assistance of its experts and has written to the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments.
(Signed) Riyad Mansour
Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation on the “road map” for peace in the Middle East issued by the Quartet on international mediation — the Russian Federation, the United States of America, the European Union and the United Nations —
Three of the explosions were killed and more than 200 were injured.
We also support the establishment of a United Nations observer mission to help complete the transition process and to follow up on the mandate of UNPOB at the end of this year.
The Assistant Secretary of the Women's Division of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina made specific reference to the contribution of the United Nations to women's issues and their rights and needs, and in this regard cited a number of important documents published by the United Nations.
According to its statute, the main purpose of the Foundation is to implement initiatives of social interest, such as the promotion of learning, research, culture and assistance, in order to promote the development of the culture of anti-afia, especially among young people, and to promote the professionalization of professionals in investigative and judicial institutions committed to preventing and combating organized crime.
Section 4 Responsibility of departments, offices and heads of mission
We note the continuing efforts to simplify and harmonize programming tools and the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, which, we hope, will reduce transaction costs for developing countries and enhance national ownership.
We are confident that the Organization will benefit from a coherent approach to promoting institutional rationalization, optimal use of resources, the elimination of duplication, greater coordination and standards for monitoring and evaluation.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) A peacekeeping military exercise, “Byongho 2003”, was held in Fransville, Gabon, from 21 to 28 July 2003;
E. Judicial cooperation
Appreciation was expressed for the consultative process for the preparation of the proposed programme budget.
In expected accomplishment (a), after the words “programme managers”, add the words “in accordance with their mandates”.
The Committee is of the view that the repatriation grant to retiring United Nations staff has become obsolete 50 years later and must be reviewed by the International Civil Service Commission.
The Committee noted that the objective of the secretariat of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination was to ensure a more coherent and coordinated response by the United Nations system to the policy directives and mandates of Member States, and looked forward to the implementation by the Chief Executives Board for Coordination of the relevant part of General Assembly resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of major United Nations conferences and summits at the national, regional and international levels.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35, Development Account, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In this regard, the Committee stresses the need for CEB to keep the issue of inter-agency coordination on the New Partnership for Africa's Development under regular review.
The door-to-door transport questionnaire replies and the scope of the draft instrument by States and international organizations
For example, the issue of rail must be fully taken into account.
Important recommendations were made by the experts responsible for the establishment of a workshop on web profiles, which the General Assembly should take into account.
New York
The increase in their pensions varies according to pre-retirement wages and years of work, with an increase of 37.8 per cent (average increase of 6 per cent).
(c) Claims for loss of tangible property
The Claimant also stated that the FIA agreed to sign on 6 August 1990 and that the agreement was not signed solely as a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The category D claims report covers the review of individual claims for damages above USD 100,000; the E1 claims report relates to the review of claims submitted by the oil sector; the E2 claims report relating to the review of claims on behalf of non-Kuwaiti and other commercial entities; the E3 claims report relating to the review of non-Kuwaiti construction and engineering claims; the F4 claims report relating to the review of environmental claims; and individual claims for Palestinian claims for the review of the maximum amount claimed amount.
Decision concerning payment of the fifteenth instalment of E2 claims (S/AC.26/Dec.210 (2003)).
UNIDO has established a large-scale three-year cooperation programme with the Islamic Development Bank/Islamic Investment Insurance and Export Credit Corporation, which will be implemented in four countries (Bangladesh, the Sudan, Uganda and Yemen) as of September 2003.
(a) In Latin America, new activities were initiated in Chile and Uruguay.
Several waste treatment plants have been established in Ethiopia and technology optimization activities have been carried out in several African countries (clean technology).
Invites the Working Group to continue to seek the views and comments of all interested parties, including Member States, in preparing its report;
At the 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of Australia, on behalf of the Bureau, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism” (A/C.6/58/L.19) and orally amended it by adding, in operative paragraph 16, the dates for the next session of the Ad Hoc Committee, from 28 June to 2 July 2004.
Welcomes the important progress made in the elaboration of the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism during the meetings of the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 and the Working Group of the Sixth Committee established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/27;
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• A large number of countries particularly affected by the problem of small arms and light weapons have indicated that they need assistance not only in the preparation of import legislation, but also in the development of legislative capacity for enforcement
(m) The importer must obtain import licences from its local authorities and obtain a copy of the exporter's export licences prior to import;
(f) States could enhance cooperation in the exchange of information on arms shipments and should take measures to ensure the legitimacy of shipments at airports, seaports and border areas;
At the national level, the Division will provide a comprehensive set of solutions to implement a standard computerized debt management system in the Ministry of Finance and/or the Central Bank's Debt Office, which will be trained and assisted in the effective use of the system.
1 General Service (Other level) ( Language Assistant) — Conference and Language Services Section from the former Common Services Division
2 P-4 (Case Manager)
• Working with the Appeals Section and the Legal Advice and Policy Section on the drafting of an allegation document (article 61, paragraph 3 (a)) and a legal submission (especially in relation to evidentiary and procedural issues)
The objective of this subprogramme is to monitor and prosecute appeals proceedings before the Appeals Division, as indicated below:
• The large number of requests for participation and compensation from victims effectively dealt with by the Section did not cause unnecessary delays or difficulties in the proceedings
• General temporary assistance 16 months (P-2): €73 584
Thus, the first half of 2004 would be the time the Secretariat could use to build up its capacity.
Participation
The Committee requested the Government to provide more information on the health status of women and therefore it was conducting a study to obtain the required sex-disaggregated data in the areas of infant and child mortality, breast-feeding women, prenatal and post-natal care and osteoporosis.
The provisions of this article shall not be construed to prejudice the rights of bona fide third parties.
Without prejudice to the norms of general international law, this Convention does not exclude the exercise by a State Party of any criminal jurisdiction established under its domestic law.
The requesting State Party may reasonably request information from the requested State Party on the status and progress of measures taken to implement that request.
If such agreements or arrangements have not been concluded between the States Parties concerned, those States Parties may consider adopting this Convention-based mutual law enforcement cooperation in respect of any offence covered by this Convention.
Stresses that the Convention and its implementation contribute to the strengthening of international peace and security, and stresses that, if it is implemented in a comprehensive, universal and effective manner and for the benefit of all mankind, it will further contribute to the achievement of this objective by eliminating the possibility of the use of chemical weapons at all levels;
Substantive session
Also requests the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, where necessary, to develop measures to prevent discrimination based on nationality, race, sex, religion and language in the United Nations, in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the provisions of the Staff Regulations and Rules of the United Nations, and to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
“2. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to take all necessary measures for the establishment of the University of Jerusalem (Al-Quds) in accordance with General Assembly resolution 35/13 B of 3 November 1980, giving due consideration to the recommendations in accordance with that resolution;
Strengthening the capacity of public administration to implement the United Nations Millennium Declaration
Even as measured by the standards of developing countries, Burkina Faso is also a very poor country, and the text in the box below provides information on how the country, with the support of the United Nations system, can bridge the gap between initiatives and work towards achieving the Millennium Development Goals.
Have you stopped any of the listed individuals at any of your border points or while transiting your territory?
Another speaker said that the time had come to make greater efforts to inform the world about the widespread impact of the work of the United Nations.
Environmental regulations 4
Financial incentives: grants, credit subsidies and preferential price insurance; Financial incentives: duty-free periods, reductions or exemptions from taxes on profits, capital, labour, sales, value added and imports; Other incentives: for example, infrastructure subsidies and public facilities subsidies.
In particular, in implementing cluster development programmes, the following good practices should be borne in mind:
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions made the same recommendation (A/58/7/Add.5, paras. 7 and 11) that would save the time for discussion of proposals.
The scope of activities during this period is extensive.
The first time in the programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001 to incorporate the concept of gender mainstreaming into the budget document was adopted with the adoption of the agreed conclusions of the Economic and Social Council (1997/2) and General Assembly resolution 52/100 of 12 December 1997, in which the Assembly requested all bodies dealing with programmes and budgets, including the Committee for Programme and Coordination, to ensure that all programmes, medium-term plans and programme budgets visibly mainstream a gender perspective.
We cannot ignore the facts.
Israel did not cease the destruction of property, the confiscation of land, the arrest of thousands of Palestinian youth, the closure of roads, the construction of a sideway to serve Israeli settlements, the restriction of movement and all other measures allowing extremist Jews to enter Al-Haram Al-Sharif in East Jerusalem.
Expressing concern at the increasing restrictions on the ability of the Organization to provide assistance and protection to civilians in accordance with its mandate under the Charter of the United Nations as a result of attacks and threats against humanitarian personnel, United Nations personnel and their associated personnel,
The emphasis on results-based management is a requirement for the full implementation of the work of the Tribunal, and the work of the Tribunal should be directed to achieving the desired results with due regard to the completion strategy.
(k) Participation in the activities of the United Nations system: annual statements by the President to the General Assembly; participation in meetings of the United Nations system on the role of the Tribunal.
The other five cases concerned seven accused; one accused in the Semanza case, one accused in the Niyitegeka case, one accused in the Kamuhanda case, one accused in the Kajelijeli case and three accused in the media.
Following the request of the Tribunal dated 9 July 2001, the Security Council adopted resolution 1431 (2002), in which it approved 18 ad litem judges.
With regard to other Falun Gong members, the Special Rapporteur also noted that Charles Li, a citizen of the United States, had been arrested and sentenced for three years in an attempt to interfere with radio and television programmes; that the Australian citizen, Nancy Chen, had been abducted by agents of the National Security Service of China; and that Yuji Zhang had been sentenced to a 10-year sentence for the preparation and publication of articles on the situation of Chinese Falun Gong members; and that had been sentenced by 16 by the Chinese Government's liaison office in Hong Kong.
The Special Rapporteur would like to remind the United States authorities of their responsibility in responding to the phenomenon of hostility towards Islam and hostility towards the Arab world.
The Special Rapporteur stresses the grave nature of these allegations and notes that this is not the first letter on such incidents and regrets that the Government has not responded to his letter.
The concept of freedom of information is in itself an important element of the most basic human rights, namely the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
This year, our countries will achieve their greatest desire to join the European Union.
We understand that the United Nations must be — indeed, it is becoming the base of the global coalition against terrorism.
I am convinced that before attempting to modernize the United Nations instruments, serious analysis and careful judgement must begin.
The puppet authorities have been set up, as is the case with the car.
These indicators enable national health ministries or other institutions to monitor national goals and plans aimed at improving reproductive health services and child health.
After the adoption of the resolution, the representative of the United States of America made a statement (see A/C.2/58/SR.40).
These tragic events have reinforced the Special Rapporteur's determination, within his mandate, to make every effort to ensure that democracy in Iraq is firmly rooted in a culture of human rights and to bring to justice those responsible for serious and systematic human rights violations for decades.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.22 and A/C.2/58/L.58
The final guidelines issued in 2004 will be used for the entire period of the mine action capacity-building project (objective 3.2).
The full text of the statements made during the discussion on agenda item 7 is contained in unedited verbatim transcripts (COPUOS/Legal/T.683-685).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should request the Committee of Governmental Experts convened by Unidroit to discuss the relationship between the space assets protocol and the United Nations treaties on outer space in order not to address the issue in both forums.
Governments and private creditor associations participating in the G-10 working group have developed a series of model clauses.
The Rapporteur shall examine whether the information contained therein gives rise to knowledge or suspicion that another person is involved in money-laundering activities.
The Group will accomplish this task by continuing to discuss the specific issues identified by the London Group at its meetings.
In this context, the pilot project to establish an international radio broadcasting capacity for the United Nations has its rightful place.
Conclusions
With regard to technical assistance and advisory services, these activities are aimed at building capacity in the areas of trade and services, investment, trade facilitation, commodities and external debt.
The President stated that, following consultations of the Council, he had been authorized to make a statement on behalf of the Council and read out the text of that statement (for the text, see S/PRST/2003/18; to be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 August 2003-31 July 2004).
Specific human rights and freedoms
Following his letter to Prime Minister Sharon on 27 November last year, the Secretary-General was still awaiting a letter from the Israeli Government on his investigation into the death of Mr. Hok, a staff member of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
Text of the revised draft general recommendation on interim measures of the Convention (CEDAW/C/2004/I/WP.1).
To be held on Tuesday, 14 October 2003, at 10.30 a.m.
The alternative B would have a serious negative impact on the process.
The password-protected website became operational in early 2003.
Subparagraph (c)
The mandate of the Security Council to the new United Nations mission in Liberia must include a strong mandate to protect civilians and promote and protect human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
While there are more pressing issues such as poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, Uganda shares the view of France and Germany that the issue of human cloning would in any way have an impact.
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to promote economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
A large number of institutions now provide financial assistance, advice or in kind support.
“Implementing measures aimed at identifying new and innovative sources of funding at the international level, including the private sector, to support the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III in developing countries”.
As at 31 December 2002, only half of the G-5 posts at Headquarters were responsible for the supervision of the health insurance plan; a new post in 2003 should better control the expenditure of the decentralized health insurance plan in the field.
Of this amount, $1,149,291 is the reserve for 2001 to write off amounts paid to implementing partners in 1994-2000 but not recovered in the long term.
The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that: (a) adequate extrabudgetary resources are available for country-level assessments of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda; (b) member States are willing to support the establishment of the Habitat Agenda monitoring mechanism at the national and local levels; and (c) member States would like to request technical advisory services to respond positively to the technical advice provided and to adhere to the policies and strategies that have been implemented through UN-Habitat programmes and programmes and programmes.
Administrative support services
Some delegations announced their recent action to ratify the relevant legislation to develop or reform refugee status determination procedures, while others reported steps to facilitate the transfer of responsibility for refugee status to national authorities by UNHCR.
Following the Algiers meeting, the African Union Commission gave high priority to obtaining the required number of ratifications.
Report of the CARICOM secretariat
The countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States have been confronted with large-scale international terrorism and extremist attacks, considering that such evil is indivisible from global threats and that, if not combated in a concerted effort, it is impossible to protect the “national building”.
The Islamic Development Bank applied international accounting standards.
3-5 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round table 5 Relationship between the implementation of the agreements and commitments reached at the International Conference on Financing for Development and the achievement of the internationally agreed development goals, in particular those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration
48th plenary meeting High-level dialogue on the implementation of the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development [104 (b)]
Adoption of Amendments to Regulation No. 98: 30 October 20031
Children under 9 do not bear any criminal responsibility.
Under the Criminal Code, persons engaged in the procurement, sale and any other type of illegal transaction of a child shall be criminally liable.
Background
There are no multi-use and “time relative” issues in equipment and systems.
Strongly condemns the increasing occurrence of all forms of violence against persons involved in humanitarian operations, including, inter alia, murder, rape and sexual assault, intimidation, armed robbery, abduction, hostage-taking, kidnapping, harassment and illegal arrest and detention, as well as attacks on humanitarian convoys and the destruction and looting of their property;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 without a vote (see para. 32, draft resolution II).
Consumption of consumer goods
Tomuschat considered that the purpose of the treaty to establish a general regime of strict or objective liability was only to deal with activities that were extremely dangerous.
In such cases, however, the injured party is the whole State.
A choice must be made between the law of the State of the State of ratification and the law of the State in which the injury occurred.
The “Amoco Cadiz case” illustrates the approach taken by the Court in measuring the damage to the environment.
It is also not possible for the parent company Indiana-American oil company to voluntarily assume liability.
(i) Act No. 35 of 2003 on the prohibition of money-laundering (5 April 2003), which provides for financial institutions and other industries involved in financial transactions (banks, currency exchange, financial companies, insurance companies, stock companies, loans and real estate companies):
The Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (formerly known as the Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention) is responsible for the following programme of work.
Other operational activities, such as the areas of criminal justice reform, in particular juvenile justice and prison reform, will also be carried out with the availability of resources.
The situation in the Middle East
As Chairman of the Committee on Information, I would like to assure you that I will cooperate fully with all efforts to better publicize the work of the General Assembly in favour of the general population.
Culture of peace
Philippines
Recognizing further that crime prevention strategies and actions should be based on a broad, gender-sensitive and multidisciplinary knowledge of proven and promising practices,
General Assembly resolution 56/261, annex, sect.
Claimant's name: Limited Kuwaiti Mattraess Company
They also called for measures to ensure the separation of armed elements from civilian refugees and to improve the registration of refugees.
In addition, the Russian Federation agreed with the Secretary-General's statement that it would be preferable to engage in an in-depth discussion on globalization and to examine specific aspects in more detail.
International Council for Mining and Metals
2003/219 Provisional agenda and documentation for the second session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
Illicit brokering plays a key role in facilitating the illicit transfer of arms to groups that cannot be legitimately acquired; they have embargoed States and groups, rebels, organized crime elements and terrorists.
My delegation would therefore like to pay tribute to your predecessor, Mr. President, Mr. Matia Mulumba Semakula Kiwanuka of Uganda, for the manner in which he led the work of the Committee during the fifty-seventh session.
• Decentralized collaborative service structures
• International Law Institute - African Centre for Legal Excellence (Bank of Uganda)
The experience of the World Bank in Andhra Pradesh in India shows how the decentralization of governance in the form of SMART (short, morality, credibility, accountability and transparency) is using the Internet for the reform of the “Integrated Information Centre for Citizen Services” and the digitalization of the contract registration.
Calls upon States and international and non-governmental organizations to mobilize all necessary resources and support in their efforts to achieve the goals, strategic objectives and actions set out in the Beijing Platform for Action and further actions and initiatives to implement the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action;
The coalition agreement states that, following the parliamentary debate on autonomy last spring, the Government will take a decision on the establishment of a governmental entity/sector to deal with the matter of self-government and will decide whether to hold a referendum on autonomy.
Improving their conditions has been a top political priority.
To that end, incentives for career must be strengthened.
The benefit programme is based on equal opportunities.
The core task is to establish a systematic and integrated monitoring and reporting network to provide objective, regular and accurate reports of ongoing violations against children.
Human rights and development
At least one member may be a universally recognized representative of indigenous peoples.
In that connection, the seminar had played a great role, including the presence of a British representative at the seminar, who, in his own words, had been informed by the Anguillian people of the real idea of the option of self-determination.
A special compendium of companies on the theme of the Millennium Development Goals has been prepared, upon request, for UNFPA (reproductive health for women), the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (humanitarian issues), the Commissioner for Refugees (refugees), UNDP and the Department of Economic and Social Affairs (water and sanitation), UNESCO (primary education) and UNIFEM (information technology and women in Africa).
(vii) Encourage and support increased cooperation and coordination among United Nations entities, donors, civil society and Governments in order to maximize benefits and support gender mainstreaming and the advancement of women.
The discussion explored how to support the ongoing WTO negotiations on environmental goods and services.
The Group of 77 and China appreciated the ideas and support expressed during the meeting to address those issues, particularly with regard to identifying measures to improve competitiveness, diversify and increase the value of their products.
The WTO secretariat and relevant international organizations participated in all four meetings entitled “Regional Conference on Competition Law and Policy in Latin America and the Caribbean”, which was held in Panama from 21 to 23 March 2002.
As a financial management authority, the Bank of Indonesia has requested banks to report suspicious transactions to it and to impose administrative sanctions on non-compliance with the provisions of the report.
MAL 16 (3)
The programme is based on an objective and in-depth assessment of national needs and recognizes those most effectively met through interregional and/or regional initiatives and exchanges.
This is decided by article 3 of the general procedures for the management of the operations of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation, which provides that the Executive Director, under the authority and guidance of the Governing Council, is responsible for the overall direction of the Foundation and for the provision of technical and financial services related to the Foundation.
Ways and means of maintaining outer space for peaceful purposes
Costa Rica
The rules for registration of objects launched into outer space under the Registration Convention are fully applicable to aerospace objects.
After two years of discussion, the views of States had been expressed, but that could not be said to explore how to build new bridges between them.
His delegation hoped that there would be an international consensus on the issue and, if necessary, would support the Belgian proposal if a vote was taken.
We therefore consider it important that the Security Council formally hear the views, observations and recommendations of the General Assembly on the report of the Council.
We hope that the consideration of the report by the General Assembly will provide useful feedback for the Council in improving its work in the future.
Annual
Implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights
Annex II
Expressing its grave concern that the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty4 has not yet entered into force,
Notes that the third and possible fourth meeting of the Preparatory Committee for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons should make every effort to submit a report containing recommendations to the Review Conference, taking into account the deliberations and outcomes of its previous meetings;
A/57/674; A/57/675 and Corr.1 and A/57/723.
Welcomes the signature or ratification of or accession to the Convention by some States, and takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention (E/CN.4/2003/80);
The team met with the factory director and asked about the refineries' ownership, buildings adjacent to the Northern Gas Company (North Gas Company) and production operations.
The people of Colombia support the Government in its efforts to reclaim territorial control, defend national sovereignty, combat drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption, strengthen justice and promote social development in poor regions and areas of armed conflict.
Australia.
See A/58/219.
This chapter sets out the process and outlines some of the potential ideas on the content of the voluntary guidelines.
In paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also requested the development of a set of voluntary guidelines to be developed by a “intergovernmental working group”.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights notes that international cooperation for development and the realization of economic, social and cultural rights is an obligation of all States, in accordance with Articles 55 and 56 of the Charter of the United Nations and the principles established by international law.
Question:
It would be responsible for the effective use of charter air assets and monitoring the implementation of air charter contracts; ensuring compliance with established flight standards; liaising with national aviation authorities on air traffic control services, adequate navigation assistance, ground support equipment and services; and arranging flight licences.
Notes
In its resolutions 56/153 of 19 December 2001 and 57/203 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to prepare a comprehensive report on the promotion of international cooperation based on the principles of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity in order to strengthen United Nations action in the field of human rights, taking into account the views of Member States.
In this context, however, it was cautioned that, in order to be acceptable to States, such laws must be appropriately balanced in the treatment of special priority creditors, secured creditors and unsecured creditors.
At the 1st meeting, the Chairman made a statement on the organization of work (see A/AC.109/2002/SR.1).
Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee in 2003 on the implementation of the present resolution;
“In addition to the problems prevailing in developing countries, many of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories, many of them small islands, are experiencing difficulties as a result of the interaction of many factors, such as their small size, remoteness, geographical dispersion, vulnerability to natural disasters, fragility of ecosystems, constraints in transport and communications, isolation from commercial centres, weak local technical capacity, acute access to freshwater supply, extreme dependence on imports, a small quantity of commodities, the depletion of non-renewable resources, population, particularly skilled persons, the population, the population, the transit transport, and the shortage of scarce resources, in particular, and the supply of scarce resources.
I am sure that this seminar gives real hope to the people of the Pacific, namely, that the United Nations will be involved in dialogue with the administering Powers in the search for some lasting solutions.
Of particular importance to the Committee was the statement by the representative of the people of Tokelau, who said that the working meeting with the Special Committee had been successful by giving “human face”.
These activities have multiple effects, most notably the optimal use of resources, the planning and implementation of nuclear power plant projects, monitoring their operation and improving skills.
The non-requirement of the citizenship of Congolese men who marry foreigners.
The situation was further exacerbated by the overall destruction of infrastructure and other social services, the inability to sustain rural livelihoods, the inability to carry out agricultural activities, and the recent return of millions of refugees.
With regard to the second indicator, while the number of unpaid assessed contributions by Member States was high, it was much lower at the end of 2002, at $1,684 million, compared with $2,106 million at the end of 2001.
The representative of Mexico referred to his country's national strategy for development and sustainable development, which was based on the protection of the land and the marine environment.
Where, in addition to television and film, young people will see violence?
UNHCR also provided emergency support to the water system in and around Hargeisa in the area of refugee and IDP resettlement.
Support for banned groups
Latin America
Emphasizes the importance of the speedy entry into force of the remaining Protocols to the Convention;
The focus on participatory forest management must not only take into account gender differences in needs and priorities, but also ensure the development of programmes for women's independent access to use and rights that enable women to benefit from forest resources sustainably, while protecting forest resources.
Draft report of the President of the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties on the consultations on the preparations for the First Review Conference of the Parties
Article 8
Step 13: Further develop the verification capabilities necessary to ensure compliance with nuclear disarmament agreements, thereby establishing and maintaining a world free of nuclear weapons.
Annex to the letter dated 8 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
The observer for the Afro-American Association said that discrimination in the justice system was not only a problem of poverty, since middle-income or rich people of African descent were also discriminated against in the justice system.
Movement against Racism and for Friendship with Peoples, Mundo Afro, World Alliance of YMCA
The United Nations will do its utmost to assist Mr. Qurer and his Government in the implementation of the road map and in the path of peace.
“25. Notes the need for further consideration of the question of the justiciability of the rights set forth in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the need to further develop indicators and benchmarks to measure the progress made by States parties in implementing the rights protected by the Covenant.
It was also observed that mandatory time periods were not proportional to a particular exception to the security right, i.e. in some cases priority was based on the time of creation rather than the filing time (e.g. acquisition security rights).
A number of suggestions were made on the other issues to be addressed in chapter VII.
An independent assessment of some projects and programmes will be undertaken in accordance with agreements with beneficiary countries and donors.
The most urgent task is to strengthen the Palestinian economy and to free it from its long-term dependence on the Israeli economy and its perverse integration.
Coordination, programme and other questions
Second periodic report of Morocco (CEDAW/C/MOR/2 and CEDAW/PSWG/2003/II/CRP.2/Add.3)
Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani said that 35 women in Parliament were not only a victory for Moroccan women, but also for women in Muslim countries; through the expansion of the number, all women shared that victory.
Provisional agenda for the Ad Hoc Committee
On Sunday, the occupying forces attacked the town of Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip, killing Palestinians and destroying property, including several houses.
The reluctance of States to freeze physical assets such as enterprises or property further complicates this issue.
Of the 272 named individuals, few are known.
Together with those who cannot control the list, they have the opportunity to continue to acquire and manipulate the business assets they hold, or to circumvent the measures implemented by the provisions of resolutions 1390 (2002) and 1455 (2003).
It appears that further challenges are expected to be reasonable.
The unique forms and causes of the HIV/AIDS-related crisis in Southern Africa, and the situation in Iraq, have prompted the United Nations to clearly define its humanitarian role and responsibilities in this context.
The present report sets out the areas in which progress has been made in the implementation of and international support for NEPAD and the challenges and obstacles encountered.
Guam is a duty-free port that facilitates the transport of raw materials in the manufacturing sector.
The further development of the process leading to the determination of Kosovo's future status will depend on the positive outcome of the comprehensive review.
The Kosovo Serb leaders also distance themselves from the document following a statement by the Government of the Republic of Serbia that the document in its current form is unacceptable.
Now we need to support those mechanisms and to provide them with the necessary resources.
How can it prove to be correct to delete the reference to resolution 1244 (1999), the Constitutional Framework and other applicable laws, and the original criteria/benchmarks, which are the basis of this important document?
Family forest owners and local communities have always been the first to recognize that time has different values and scales on forest issues.
The capacity to perform the required programmatic functions has been strengthened to improve the dissemination of information and improve the effectiveness of country programmes in the following small offices: Armenia, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Georgia, Guyana, Jamaica, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Moldova, the occupied Palestinian territories, Papua New Guinea and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
h Includes $528.5 million from regular resources and $136.4 million from other resources and trust funds recovered (see table 1).
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/57/L.45 and Add.1)]
Third Committee
In a violent protest, the Constitutional Court issued an appeal ruling in response to a violent protest in which the supporters of General Ríos Monteson assembled in the capital by bus and trucks, with a number of people wearing a veil, blocking the streets, enclosing the Supreme Court building and destroying property.
These sanctions entered into force for a period of 10 months on 7 July 2003.
Kosovo (Federal Republic of Yugoslavia/Serbia and Montenegro)
Resolutions adopted
6, 15 and 21 August; 6 and 27 September; 14, 15, 18, 23, 28 and 31 October; 13, 19 and 27 November; 4, 13, 17 and 18 December; 15 and 23 January; 12 and 26 February; 10, 19 and 20 March; 14 and 25 May; 4, 16 and 25 May;
(United Nations Disengagement Observer Force)
The inspection was officially launched on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, held on 6 June 2003, the Committee held a quarterly review of the travel ban list, in which it decided to remove the names of two persons from the travel ban list and to retain the names of three persons who had requested their names to be deleted.
Add the following countries to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution:
Recommendation (8);
Since the end of the cold war, the five nuclear-weapon States have significantly reduced their nuclear arsenals, but the failure of other States to comply fully with their non-proliferation obligations, the proliferation of nuclear, biological and chemical weapons and the risk of falling into the hands of terrorists constitute an increasing problem.
The Russian Federation will support any form of political and diplomatic negotiations to resolve this crisis.
On 31 July, Thailand completed its loan to the International Monetary Fund for two years in advance.
For this future, Thailand is doing its part and will continue to do so.
(e) The recruitment of members of terrorist groups as an offence;
2-5 March 2004
This phase will begin in the first quarter of 2005 and end in the fourth quarter of 2005.
Institutions
The UNAMI core team will lead the work of providing operational planning for the eventual deployment of UNAMI to Iraq, as well as coordinating and providing guidance to United Nations agencies.
Under the sanctions regime (para. 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999) and paras. 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002)), States should freeze without delay the funds and other financial assets or economic resources of listed individuals and entities, including funds derived from property owned or controlled directly or indirectly by them or by persons acting on their behalf or at their direction, and ensure that neither nationals nor any person in their territory provide such or any other funds, assets or resources to such donors.
Kenya takes this challenge seriously.
The implementation of the plan will advance our common desire to strengthen democracy, not only in the relations of rulers and rulers, but also in all human relations.
We believe that the United Nations must play a practical role in promoting and strengthening global democracies and in creating a secure environment for democracies that can guarantee peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The imbalance in the structure of the region is not conducive to generating full employment to absorb the growing economically active population per year.
November 2003
One solution was the inclusion of a clause indicating that diplomatic protection was complementary to the special regime on investment protection or protection of human rights, but it was important to adopt a binding decision, such as a judicial decision or a judgment in arbitration, which guaranteed protection under a special regime.
His delegation believed that the best option would be for the operator to assume civil liability and the residual liability would be borne by the State.
The topic of the legal regime governing the sharing of loss resulting from transboundary harm arising out of hazardous activities is being rationalized as a continuation of the discussion of the draft articles on prevention.
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
(c) Despite the potential for economic recession and financial crises during the biennium, space-related industries will continue to grow.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: A workshop on trade and environmental capacity-building, held in Singapore on 16 May 2002, was jointly discussed with the WTO Regional Seminar on Trade and Environment.
Expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
Special attention must be paid to the preparations for the high-level dialogue to be held by the General Assembly with the participation of representatives of the public sector and civil society.
(Donall Mac Giolla Easpaig, Kiert, later became convenor of the Working Group.
Eastern Mediterranean Division (no Arabic)
They also stressed the urgent need for a satisfactory solution to the outstanding issues within the framework of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons in order to pave the way for the effective, full and non-discriminatory implementation of the Convention.
Most production in developing countries may also be concentrated in some SMEs.
As indicated in document DP/2002/35, UNOPS has completed the implementation of this recommendation.
There is a need for informed open debates on these issues, as they have broad implications.
The National Forest Programme Services Project is hosted by FAO and is supported by many donors and developing country participating countries.
In the fourth round of balloting (third restricted ballot), Poland was elected to the Economic and Social Council for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004, with the required two-thirds majority.
Additional sponsors
Provisional agenda [A C E F R S]
Endorses the recommendation of the Committee that, at its forty-first session, the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, taking into account the concerns of all States, in particular those of developing countries, should:
Any person within the jurisdiction of the United States is subject to serious civil and/or criminal penalties if it is found that the assets of individuals and entities on the specially designated global terrorist list issued by the Foreign Assets Control Service have not been frozen or is engaged with them.
Have you stopped any of the listed individuals at any of your border points or while transiting your territory?
- Act No. 4208 on the prevention of money-laundering (e.g. cases involving money-laundering).
Article 4, paragraph 1, and article 12, paragraph 1, of the Convention invite all Parties to the Convention to inform the Conference of the Parties of their information.
Economic impact assessment of “response measures”
Kenya introduced legal measures aimed at strengthening general waste management and various waste management activities, including waste collection.
Belize indicated that sea-level rise could have reached a low of 6 per cent of coastal areas, thereby threatening freshwater supplies to its population.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia and Singapore, through the International Court of Justice, dealt with disputes concerning sovereignty over Pedra Branca/Pulau Batu Puteh, Middle Rock and South Ledge.
In view of this situation, careful efforts are being made to remedy this deplorable situation with regard to fisheries conservation and management and to ensure the long-term sustainability of fish stocks, bearing in mind that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development urged the international community to maintain or restore fish stocks to levels capable of producing the maximum sustainable catch by 2015.
In 2002, the GEF Council approved the project entitled “Russian Federation - Support for the National Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Arctic Ocean”.
Establishment of a new inter-agency consultative mechanism
The Special Rapporteur has received numerous reports of mercenary involvement in the armed conflict in Colombia, mainly related to drug cartels, but also to the defence of paramilitary groups and private oil companies.
Secondly, the proposals and mechanisms in place for any amendment of the Convention to more effectively prosecute the criminal and internationally wrongful acts of mercenaries should be heard by a wide range of States parties.
At the national level, as a very closed landlocked country, Burundi has developed an interim strategic framework for economic development and the fight against poverty.
This dialogue is a significant step towards the benchmarks for the normalization of Kosovo and the implementation of the stabilization and association process.
My Government expresses its support for the process.
Item 128 Administration of justice at the United Nations
As authorized by the Council, the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission provided a wide range of support and services to the United Nations agencies in their return to their country.
Mr. Kastberi: Members will have my full text and a briefing on our work.
We have also begun to provide therapeutic feeding everywhere, and we believe that this is taking place.
Annotations to the provisional agenda
To date, the Special Rapporteur has received no reply from the Government to his urgent appeal concerning the order.
As there are many expertise on demand reduction issues in academic institutions and non-governmental organizations, it is essential that UNDCP also mobilize such expertise to support the planning and implementation of the comprehensive programme of work.
(Article 3)
Explosive Remnants of War Framework Document
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the following agenda for its fourth session:
(e) Develop strategies to promote and make access to information and communication technology hardware and software by providing tax incentives and encouraging the use and further development of free and open source software;
At its 7th meeting, the Commission heard an introductory statement by the representative of the UNCTAD Division on Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development.
The President was elected to make a statement at the same meeting.
Another participant stated that the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit provided a convenient source for identifying needs.
Other participants considered that the Preparatory Committee had a clear mandate to elaborate a strategic approach to chemicals management based on the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit and UNEP Governing Council decision 22/4 IV, which indirectly included the review of coordination matters.
He said that such companies had been involved in capacity-building through the training of workers to ensure the use of best available technologies, but such activities needed the support of Governments and the need for an appropriate political and legal framework.
This might further enrich the proposal.
In addition, the Charter provides the Organization with various bases, ranging from the peaceful settlement of conflicts under Chapter VI to coercive measures under Chapter VII.
What do we need to do?
At the outset, I would like to express the solidarity of the Government and the people of Pakistan with the tragic events of 19 August, which resulted in the death of Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, United Nations civil servants.
They are not only able to provide troops to peacekeeping operations, but they are also able to participate in many other ways consistent with their specific characteristics, their foreign policy and their political arrangements.
Not all threats to international peace and security require United Nations peacekeeping.
Table 5.3 Percentage distribution of resources by component
The programme of work was based on subprogramme 3 of programme 3 of the revised medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
The 34 African least developed countries were concerned with the outcome of the thirtieth executive session of the Trade and Development Board devoted to LDCs.
Mr. Duclos (France) (spoke in French): Allow me also to express my appreciation to Mr. Morris for his very interesting statement, which I believe contains very important information and figures and express a sense of human experience.
Regulation 7.4 Audit shall be conducted in accordance with generally accepted common auditing standards and, except as otherwise specifically directed by the General Assembly, in accordance with the supplementary mandate contained in the annex to the present Regulations.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
“Welcoming the fact that the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco) has now entered into force for the sovereign State of the region, and that this fact has been formally endorsed by the 18th meeting of the Conference of OPANAL, which was held in Havana on 5 and 6 November 2003, and taking note of the outcome of this meeting of the General Assembly, including the adoption of the Havana Declaration.”
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
The final report of the Group of Experts on the Illegal Exploitation of Natural Resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (S/2002/1146) was issued in October 2002, endorsed by the Security Council in its resolution 1457 (2003), once again raised the link between the exploitation of resources and the violation of human rights, while demonstrating the deep root causes of war.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur noted a number of cases: Mr. Blazise Blazise and his family were the subject of persecution by the Congolese authorities and threatened with arrest and death; his two-parent was imprisoned because he requested MONUC to ensure the protection of civilians.
He took it that the visit clearly demonstrated the Government's increased cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights.
Legal safeguards in detention procedures
A year later, the United Nations adopted a resolution on small arms, which became a resolution of the Economic Community of West African States on assistance to States in curbing the illicit flow of small arms and light weapons and collecting and destroying light weapons.
In short, the embargo has been deliberately violated and has been exhausted.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words addressed to me.
We hope that this vision will be presented by the Council under your presidency, Sir, and that it will be addressed in other regional organizations.
We hold regular staff consultations and I have mentioned Kosovo on the ground, where the OSCE mission is part and parcel of UNMIK.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Interim Chairman of the African Union Commission and Minister for Government and Local Government of South Africa for his kind words addressed to me.
Senior officials from the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) also attended.
“26. Encourages all Governments, international organizations, including the United Nations, the private sector, civil society and other stakeholders, to integrate a gender perspective in planning and monitoring common country assessments, United Nations Development Assistance Frameworks, poverty reduction strategy papers and Millennium Development Goals reports;
Germany cited its commitment to support the New Partnership for Africa's Development (NEPAD) and its recent commitments in the areas of trade liberalization, the debt burden and other measures within the framework of the G-8 Africa Action Plan.
The delegation of Chile also stated that the future programme of work of the Authority would include a study on appropriate ways to ensure that environmental emergencies were not covered by document ISBA/6/C/12.
By exploring the work of special procedures, treaty bodies and the Working Group on Minorities, the problems faced by minorities and persons belonging to minorities, which, if not addressed, could lead to disputes and conflicts.
The activities of the Working Group are extremely valuable, not only because of the depth of its discussions, but also because it contributes to the changing practices and procedures in the work of the Council.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (A/58/219, A/58/448, A/58/127, A/58/479, A/58/334, A/58/218, A/58/338, A/58/534, A/58/325, A/58/393 and A/58/421)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled “International assistance and cooperation to the Alliance for the Sustainable Development of Central America” (agenda item 40 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Panama (on behalf of the Central American Group))
On the occasion of the World Summit on the Information Society, the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues will hold its Global Forum on Indigenous Peoples and the Information Society in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003.
Human rights questions: implementation of human rights instruments
She asked whether the Committee wished not to discuss those texts until the consultations had been held.
There is no legislation.
I, resolution 1, annex.
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) Invite development partners to complement the lack of funding for emergency multisectoral rehabilitation and reconstruction programmes and to support the reform of the civil service and the efforts to harmonize the country.
(c) In operative paragraph 3, the words “developing countries and countries with economies in transition” should be replaced by the words “countries in developing countries, countries with economies in transition and those that do not have or are generally underrepresented by women”;
Romania subsequently joined the sponsors of the draft resolution.
Several ongoing initiatives at the international level would benefit directly or indirectly from the development and adoption of a common set of data presentation practices (international organizations and national institutions).
The recent initiative to develop a data-sharing model has undertaken three interrelated projects.
The National Compensation Commission should ensure that compensation programmes are promptly established, and the Government should allocate sufficient funds to pay compensation.
The Ministerial Declaration adopted at the Fourth Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization, held in Doha in 2001, recognized the importance of expediting the movement, release and clearance of goods, including trans-shipment goods, and the need to strengthen technical assistance and capacity-building in that area.
(e) To promote the goal of gender balance in all public positions and to take all appropriate measures to encourage political parties to ensure that women have equal and equal access to all elected and non-elected public positions;
Meeting of co-sponsors of the draft resolution on human rights defenders (agenda item 117 (b)) (Third Committee) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Norway)
Taking note of General Assembly resolution 56/160 of 19 December 2001 on human rights and terrorism and Commission on Human Rights resolution 2002/35 of 22 April 2002,
To this end, efforts are made to ensure that scientific progress benefits individuals and develops in a manner that respects fundamental human rights,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to continue to examine the situation of Afghan women and children and to report to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
UNMIK, the Kosovo Force and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia will ensure that the perpetrators of the attacks and killings that took place a few weeks ago, as well as those who committed crimes during armed conflict, are brought to justice.
Encourages the exploration of innovative and new ways of financing public and private sources for development, provided that they do not place an undue burden on developing countries, and takes note of the proposal to use special drawing rights allocations for development, as set out in paragraph 44 of the Monterrey Consensus;
In accordance with international agreements concluded by Kazakhstan, aliens and stateless persons who commit offences outside the territory of the Republic of Kazakhstan may be extradited to a foreign State for trial or sentence.
Participants agreed that multilateral trade negotiations needed to be resumed as soon as possible.
The parties must negotiate to establish lasting peace and allow Israel and an independent, viable and democratic Palestinian State to coexist side by side within secure and recognized borders on the basis of the principles established in Madrid and Oslo and in accordance with the resolutions adopted by the United Nations Security Council.
Certificate of origin;
It also provides data and analysis, as well as source and systematic summaries, to enable United Nations country teams to ensure accountability for results and lessons learned.
The system is based on results, concise and more consistent with the UNDP culture of learning and knowledge.
In this case, the provisions of article 31, paragraph 3, of the Vienna Convention have not applied to the relations between the two contracting parties: “in such a case, the effects of the withdrawal of a reservation in the relations between the reserving State and the objecting State have the effect of extending the scope of application of the treaty to the provisions covered by the reservation”.
In accordance with the resolution entitled “The Space Millennium: Vienna Declaration on Space and Human Development”1 adopted by UNISPACE III, the mandate of the Action Team relates to the implementation of an integrated global system, in particular through international cooperation, for the management of natural disaster mitigation, relief and prevention through the use of Earth observation, communications and other space-based services, while maximizing the use of existing capacities and bridging the gaps in global coverage.
Dr. Oscar Arias received approximately 50 honorary doctorates from renowned institutions, such as Harvard, Princeton, Dartus, Obtaine and the University of Washington, D.C., in St. Louis, as well as many awards from other leading schools, including the Martin Luther Lutheran Peace Prize, the Philadelphia Prize for Freedom in the City of Philadelphia, the J. J. J. J. J. R. R. R. R. R. Rerston, the Astrian, the Astrian Prize for Peace Prize for Peace Prize for Peace, the First-A.
Agenda item 57
(The unit of measure should not exceed one ten thousandth of the total military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social Solidarity and the Family, through its Equal Opportunities Service, is a governmental mechanism to develop strategies and policies in the area of equal opportunities for women and men and the elimination of all forms of discrimination based on gender.
For households with indoor heating using wood, coal and fuel, the “Social Programme” approved by Government Decision 811/2002 decided to increase the heating grant from 250 000 lei/month to 300,000 lei/month.
A/47/444, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation.
In Barbados, UNDP has shared costs with others in developing a regional integrated disaster management strategy for the Caribbean and in strengthening the Caribbean Emergency Relief Agency.
Important achievements of the United Nations Development Group over the past year included the revision of the common country assessment and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF) in response to General Assembly resolution 56/201.
Table 2 Income received and funds administered by UNDP
Article 67 Method of suspension
On that basis, the Working Group agreed to retain the word “interactive” (see A/CN.9/546, para.
Approves the following provisional agenda for the Eleventh Congress, which was finalized by the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its twelfth session:
(a) In terms of employment: providing flexible approaches to hiring decisions based on the skills and abilities of people in different locations;
However, it also highlighted some weaknesses, such as the identification of individual goals and objectives of the organizations.
FICSA noted that the private sector's compensation for its employees serving at hardship duty stations was much greater than that of United Nations staff.
One member insisted that the State-owned company did not belong to the public/non-profit sector, since the other subsectors of the sector did not include employers involved in profit-making activities.
Most members welcomed the proposed changes to the classification of duty stations.
While members of the Commission and representatives of organizations participating in the Working Group endorsed the proposal to use other data-collection methods, the representatives of the staff associations argued that data collection should be completed through field interviews conducted by the data-collection group, in some cases, the local salary survey committees could decide on other methods if deemed useful or necessary.
Afghanistan, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Belize, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Central African Republic, Chile, Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Kenya, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Monaco, Monaco, Mexico, Lithuania, Mexico, Mexico, Mexico, Poland, Romania, Lithuania.
(i) Advisory services: missions at the request of Governments to promote capacity-building and strengthen national mechanisms to enhance women's participation in development and mainstream a gender perspective into national policies and programmes, with a focus on the effective integration of women in overall development support mechanisms, the promotion of awareness of women's rights and the promotion of the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol;
Amendment to the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal. Geneva, 22 September 1995
1 (212) 963-3888).
[State] general insolvency law should recognize [accelerating the accounting, [cleaning,] [cash,] set-off or net settlement in accordance with similar rules of payment or settlement systems or financial markets of other States.
With regard to the compensability of these repair costs and the verification and valuation of these costs, the Panel adopts the approach described in paragraphs 108 to 135 of the First “E4” Report, in particular the Panel refers to paragraph 113, which states that a claim is not reflected in the normal costs of repair that would have occurred.
Those proposals were circulated and discussed in a report and through the organization of an international business forum and a number of follow-up dialogues held during the Monterrey Conference.
The need to share hands-on experiences was well recognized.
However, Algeria's process of expediting its accession to international legal treaties on human rights was following the transformation of the multiparty system in 1989.
Abidjan was relatively calm, the curfew was reduced and street demonstrations had declined, but the movement of the Licorne force was often hampered and extortion operations were often taking place.
- Nigeria offered to provide secondary medical facilities;
It is estimated that between 5 and 30 per cent of cluster munitions did not explode after their launch or launch, and they were drilled underground or remain on the ground.
Assessment of the implementation of the current workplan
Report of the Secretary-General
Global Environment Facility: note by the Administrator on the Beijing Declaration of the Second GEF Assembly (DP/2003/23)
(b) Duty of the grantor to compensate for the unanticipated devaluation
Takes note of the activities of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization during the United Nations Year for Cultural Heritage;
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, in particular UNICEF and WHO, work with Governments and in consultation with indigenous peoples' organizations to address the issue of trafficking and sexual exploitation of indigenous girls, with the participation of the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, and urge States to organize rehabilitation programmes for them.
The Forum recommended that UNICEF, UNESCO, WHO, ILO, UNIFEM, UNDP, UNFPA and other United Nations agencies, in collaboration with Governments, coordinate closely with indigenous peoples, taking into account the experience of the Subregional Conference on Indigenous Youth and Children, held in Quito in 2001, and organize a Latin American Conference on Indigenous Children and Youth.
The Forum recommended that the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, submit to the Forum a report on policies and programmes in this field and participate in the dialogue of the third Forum.
At the same meeting, statements were made by the observers for the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations Environment Programme (FAO); Na Joa Ikaoti Hawai; Indigenous Peoples' Council on Indigenous Peoples; Coordina de Organizaciones Indígenas de la Cuencazónica; Comunidad Salta
Concluding remarks
Sierra Leone, Uruguay, Costa Rica, Nigeria, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire have ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty; Cameroon has signed it.
In the area of urban security, the Office supports the Brazilian National Police Academy in upgrading teaching facilities.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
United Nations Fund for International Partnerships
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The related costs are shown under various expenditure items: consultants ($42,000), travel ($1,061,000) and miscellaneous supplies, services and equipment ($650,000).
In addition, a large number of investigations have been carried out in recent years against UNMIK and the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, with resident investigators stationed in the Mission, which are implementing the downsizing plan.
Agenda item 15
Reaffirms once again its support for the Peace Agreement and the Dayton Agreement of 10 November 1995 on the Implementation of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina (S/1995/1021, annex), calls upon the parties to strictly abide by their obligations under those agreements, and expresses its intention to continue to review the implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Requests the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in cooperation with the Force Commander of SFOR, to ensure the effective management of the airports of Bosnia and Herzegovina in the light of the responsibilities entrusted to the Stabilization Force in Bosnia and Herzegovina with respect to the airspace of Bosnia and Herzegovina under Annex 1-A of the Peace Agreement;
Condemns Israel's presence of thousands of mines in the Lebanese territories it occupies, which has resulted in and continues to cause dozens of deaths and extensive material damage.
Reaffirms the series of previous relevant resolutions adopted by the Islamic Conference.
Recalling its previous resolutions on this issue, in particular resolution 15/5-P (IS) of the fifth session of the Islamic Summit Conference and the important provisions of the Dakar Declaration adopted by the Islamic Summit Conference at its sixth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to follow up on the implementation of the present resolution and to submit a report thereon to the Thirty-first Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers.
Concerned about the continuing erosion of multilateralism in the field of arms control, non-proliferation and disarmament, and recognizing that resort to unilateral actions by Member States in addressing their security concerns would jeopardize international peace and security and undermine confidence in the international security system and the basis of the United Nations itself;
Taking note of the information provided by the Government of Guinea concerning the violation of the border of the Republic of Guinea;
RESOLUTION No.
Recognizing the challenges presented by the world economy in the face of increasing globalization and rapid development of integration and the formation of strong economic groups and the growing liberalization of world trade,
Taking into account the economic difficulties of the transition to a free market economy;
Recalling Resolution No. 29/9-E (IS) adopted by the Ninth Islamic Summit Conference;
Recognizing the objectives and principles enshrined in the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference aimed at working together to safeguard and protect the Islamic heritage;
The decisions and resolutions of the symposiums were endorsed.
Invites the international community, in particular the relevant United Nations agencies, to undertake active scientific research on sea-level rise and its social and economic implications in order to protect wildlife in coastal areas and territories of Member States.
The Thirty-first Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers (Session of Unity and Dialogue), held in Tehran, Islamic Republic of Iran, from 27 to 29 Rabiul Thani, 1424H (28-30 May 2003),
Agenda item 93: Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
The concession only relates to the concession.
In addition, the Governor of the Central Bank of Jordan issued a circular (No. 10/2/3/3386) of 9 March 2003, emphasizing the obligation to implement article 93 of the Banking Act (No. 28 of 2000) and the relevant provisions of the Directive on combating money-laundering (No. 10/2001 of 5 August 2001) and to identify all relevant information through a formal document.
This preliminary report outlines a broad framework for preventing the legal and practical aspects of the human rights violations of small arms and light weapons.
In addition, the European Convention on Human Rights provides protection to indigenous peoples, which recently adopted Protocol No. 12 and expanded non-discriminatory safeguards.
Noting the rapid increase in global road traffic fatalities, injuries and disabilities,
At its 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected by acclamation Mr. Jean de Ruyt (Belgium) and Mr. Nana Effah-Apenteng (Ghana) as Vice-Chairmen.
Open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled “Strengthening global public health capacity-building” (item 61) organized by the delegation of China will be held on Friday, 19 September 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
Literacy
Welcomes the establishment of the Constitutional Drafting Committee and the ongoing process of preparing a new constitution, and stresses the importance of incorporating Afghanistan's international obligations into the new Constitution and of ensuring the full participation of women in all the preparatory and holding processes for the Constituent Assembly and the Constitutional Loya Jirga itself;
The members of the Council welcomed the progress made in the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement, expressed their satisfaction at the presentation by the Prime Minister of the country to the National Assembly of the draft programme for the implementation of the Agreement, reiterated their appreciation for the efforts made by the French forces and the ECOWAS forces, and once again stressed their concern about the humanitarian situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict
See Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.93.I.8 and corrigenda), vol. I: Resolutions adopted by the Conference, resolution 1, annex II.
Duties of the Secretariat
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The Transitional President and the Prime Minister were sworn in on the same day and the members of the Government were sworn in on 3 October.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the Security Council mission made the following recommendations: (a) the Government should step up its efforts to develop the capacity of the Sierra Leone armed forces and the police to ensure security after the departure of UNAMSIL; (b) the Security Council should recognize the importance of establishing a link between peace and the consolidation of stability in Sierra Leone and the subregion of the Mano River Union; (c) the United Nations system should undertake a thorough assessment of the lessons learned from the work of the United Nations peacekeeping, peacebuilding efforts; (e) the Security Council; (e) the Security Council and other United Nations peacekeeping, humanitarian and other United Nations peacekeeping, humanitarian and humanitarian and other United Nations system should ensure that the United Nations system; (e) and other United Nations peacekeeping operations; (e) the United Nations system should take into account in Sierra Leone peace and other United Nations system should take into account in the United Nations system should ensure that the United Nations peacekeeping, if possible; (e) the United Nations peacekeeping operations; (e) where the United Nations system should be able to ensure that the United Nations peacekeeping, humanitarian and other United Nations Security Council and the United Nations system should be able to ensure that the United Nations
The delegations of New Zealand, Australia and Canada agreed that the exchange rate changes proposed in the report were unavoidable and accepted the reasons for inflation adjustments in non-post expenditure, accepted the justification for an increase of $9.9 million in the actual vacancy rate in 2002, although the projected expenditure for 2003 should be presented in the context of the second performance report.
The Committee also urges the Special Rapporteur to bring to the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights situations of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions of which she is particularly concerned, or such situations where early action or authorization may prevent further deterioration.
The Special Rapporteur is increasingly concerned about new developments in Côte d'Ivoire.
But this is not the case.
“In 1968 Haiti was expressly permitted to vote after invoking the factual requirements of article 19, paragraph 2, until the Committee on Contributions made its observations.
Agenda item 114: Improving the financial situation of the United Nations (continued)
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Reaffirming further the Declaration on Principles of International Law concerning Friendly Relations and Cooperation among States in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations,
The increase of 3,022 contingent personnel is an integral part of two contingents providing security in 12 disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration reception centres.
In addition, air means would be required for the deployment of two highly mobile contingents, each of which would have the capability to airlift a company at any place of operation.
The key to the long-term fight against terrorism is to promote mutual understanding and tolerance among civilizations, reduce poverty and inequality and eliminate oppression.
Mr. Nesi (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, the acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey, and Liechtenstein.
I would also like to congratulate your predecessor, the Ambassador of France, for having addressed this very difficult job.
Unfortunately, the persistence of weak behaviour in all parts of the world, like the recent events that have claimed more than 120 lives, reminds us in a very abhorrent and very abnormal manner, regardless of the form of terrorism, which has now become a serious global problem, requiring greater and more effective international cooperation.
The Republic of Yemen is satisfied that the international community is aware of the gravity of the problem.
We are seeking guidance from the CTC on priorities and ways in which Canada, both donors and non-Council members, can help.
This situation also makes it clear that party political considerations may also be an incentive to propose measures that have a positive or negative impact on local government.
Sub-Commission on the Promotion
• To facilitate, in coordination with the relevant bodies, the study of issues raised and referred directly to them and the follow-up to those bodies;
Part 1: What is social capital, policy linkages, prospects (coordinator: National Statistics Office of the United Kingdom)
Annex I to the letter dated 21 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Venezuela to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Assistance for the reconstruction and development of Djibouti
However, the vast majority of countries implementing EU directives do not have statutory rules on the timing of the issuance of data messages, but some of these national case law has established criteria on how the traditional rules of receipt are applied to the electronic environment.
It would be useful to clarify whether the server entering the supplier was sufficient to determine the receipt of the message or whether the data message was actually retrieved by the addressee at its computer terminal.
It should be noted that, as noted in the Guide to Enactment (para. 104), the Model Law “does not explicitly address the issue of liability for possible malfunctions in an information system.
The CIS Council of Heads of State, inter alia, supports the joint proposal of the Republic of Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine to proclaim 26 April the International Day for the Commemoration of the Victims of Radiological Accidents and Disasters.
I now have the pleasure to give the floor to the representative of the Russian Federation, Ambassador Leonid Skotnikov.
At its 6th plenary meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report containing the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property (see annex I) and the understanding on certain provisions of the draft articles (see annex II).
Article 9
Article 41 of the 1961 Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations and article 55 of the 1963 Vienna Convention on Consular Relations provide that all individuals referred to in both articles have an obligation to comply with the laws and regulations of the host country, including the labour laws of the host country.
All funds provided by the UNFCCC Trust Fund for Participation in the UNFCCC Process have been used to finance participation in COP 8.
... Social activity is an ongoing process of creating a world.
• Government services;
I would like to conclude by urging the Council to call for the effective implementation of the Pretoria Agreement calling for the establishment of a national human rights observation post and a chapter of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, as well as to ensure that the voice of the victims is given adequate and clear attention.
We note with satisfaction that Ms. Motoc, Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, will travel to the country at the end of this month.
For example, what role MONUC plays in human rights when working together with the parties to establish a transitional Government?
Whatever progress has been made so far, millions of Afghan refugees still live in neighbouring countries, particularly in Iran and Pakistan.
Chairperson's summary of the general debate (1 October 2003)
Action: The SBI will consider the oral report of the President on the status of consultations and draw conclusions on how to address this issue.
Background: The SBI, at its sixteenth, seventeenth and eighteenth sessions, considered a request from the Government of Croatia for consideration of forest management activities under Article 3, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol.
Requests the Secretary-General, in collaboration with the secretariats of the relevant institutional stakeholders, to make full use of the mechanism of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination and, with the effective support of the United Nations Secretariat, to prepare a comprehensive report on the implementation of the commitments and agreements reached at the Conference and the follow-up to those commitments and agreements, focusing on progress made in the various areas covered by the Monterrey Consensus;
(1) Africa shall allocate no less than two permanent seats, which shall be allocated in accordance with the decision of the Group of African States.
Institutionalization:
(c) Notice
In particular, I would like to draw attention to the latest emergency appeal of UNRWA, which calls for important services for hundreds of thousands of Palestinians.
The Statistics Division will provide a more technical explanation of the constraints in the calculation of assessments.
Expresses its profound appreciation to the Government of Cuba for its facilitation of the holding of the sixth session of the Conference of the Parties in Havana and for its generous facilities for the Conference;
In addition, on the same day, the occupying forces killed Ali Talab Al-Ghareer, the eight-year-old Palestinian boy, and injured his sixth-year-old brother, Alla, who was playing on the outskirts of the Rafah refugee camp.
In some cases, recruitment below the approved level takes place at a higher level.
Prior to the preparation of the work plan, the first cycle of the rapid deployment roster, namely, the planning and recruitment phase, the practical implementation of the mechanism and lessons learned, was assessed.
Are extradition and mutual assistance subject to legislation to some extent?
Subparagraphs (d) and (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to discuss with non-governmental organizations and other members of civil society at the national level before submitting its second periodic report.
The Ministry of the Interior is responsible for the decision to expel Turkmenistan.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 815th and 4816th meetings, held in private on 27 August 2003 in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Also decides that the decrease of 38,000 dollars in the estimated staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2002 shall be set off against the credits from the amount of 2,747,000 dollars referred to in paragraphs 16 and 17 above, and that the respective share of the Member States in this balance shall be applied in accordance with the provisions of those paragraphs, as appropriate;
Documentation
The United Nations and the Security Council have made timely interventions to our country.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
It should be noted that, after 11 September, a number of United States airlines have imposed discriminatory measures against Arabs, whether American or not, and Muslims, such as forced eviction.
No.
The term “electronic record” has been chosen and its meaning is considered more neutral.
Question C: Whether to apply to electronic or other transactions
Article 29. Suspicious and unusual transactions
The Special Rapporteur received extensive information.
In November 2003, the President of Pakistan ordered an investigation into the murder of a young woman named Afsheen Musarat.
By that resolution, the Security Council unanimously decided to establish a strengthened inspection regime designed to complete the disarmament process in a comprehensive and nuclear manner.
The people and Government of Iran are first and foremost concerned that, once a war is taking place, there will no doubt be a humanitarian disaster in the Iraqi people, not to mention the outflow of displaced persons and refugees.
It is absolutely necessary to stress once again that the decisions of the international community contained in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991) to make the Middle East a zone free of weapons of mass destruction must not be limited to Iraq.
Enforcement actions targeting trafficking at the national and international levels should include addressing gender bias and corruption practices of the relevant professional.
The Committee first focused on the composition, working methods, intersessional work and reporting formats of the members of the Committee, and adopted its terms of reference, as orally revised.
New challenges and threats are emerging.
Mexico reaffirms its full confidence in the United Nations in settling international disputes by using all peaceful means we possess and, in particular, by strengthening the values that have led the Organization — which are more relevant in the current deadlock.
In this process, we have not only strengthened the verification mechanism, but also our ability to carry out important tasks — that is, to save our world from the scourge of war.
Is this the allegation made by the United States of America at the previous meeting — that many countries around the world do not agree with the United States — or that is a question relating to the concept of Iraq's proactive cooperation?
The present report discusses how the International Decade and the United Nations Day can contribute to promoting and promoting South-South cooperation in achieving the internationally agreed development goals, in particular those contained in the Millennium Declaration.
UNMOVIC chemical inspection team
The EU reiterates its support for General Assembly resolution 57/81 entitled “Consolidation of peace through practical disarmament measures”.
(i) Operations (New York):
The Unit has 11 posts, of which 3 are Professional and 8 are General Service staff.
Table 19 Breakdown of fees for consultants and depositaries
The Committee agreed that the implementation of office space should be a top priority and should be completed expeditiously in order to avoid negatively affecting the work and project redesign of the Fund.
At its seventh session (22-24 January 2003), the Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues decided to convene an expert meeting on FDI and development.
It was particularly important to find a balance between budget and other considerations.
Ms. Ola Emereita Gradua (Panama)
Expressing concern at the low level of safe and cost-effective mine-detection and mine-clearing equipment and the lack of effective coordination at the global level in improving research and development of relevant technologies, while recognizing the importance of promoting greater and faster progress in this field, and encouraging international, national and local technical cooperation to that end,
Date of insert
For the full text, see http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/enable/rights/adhoccom.htm.
“Expressing its condemnation of the continuing illegal exploitation of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in particular in the eastern part of the country, and recalling that the Council has consistently and unequivocally condemned those activities as one of the main factors that contribute to the perpetuation of the conflict, and reaffirming the importance of putting an end to those activities and imposing the necessary pressure on the armed groups, traffickers and all other actors involved if needed;
“(a) Promotion of new and renewable sources of energy, including the implementation of the World Solar Programme 1996-2005
It is estimated that the share of LDCs in world commodity exports has declined from 4.7 per cent in the 1970s to 1 per cent in the 1990s.
• Board decision IDB.25/Dec.7 on investment technology and promotion offices
At its twenty-seventh session, the Board took note of the initial declaration by Colombia of its intention to host the eleventh session of the UNIDO Conference in Cartagena in 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another ongoing initiative is the Development Information Network, which disseminates and shares information on lessons learned, available expertise and institutional experience.
Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba
Disputes and issues among States should be resolved through peaceful dialogue and negotiation on the basis of equality and mutual respect for sovereignty.
In the current favourable international environment, such measures are contrary to all laws, principles and norms that govern international relations in the field of global trade and are intended to increase the broad commercial and economic exchanges among States.
All of these areas have been heavily affected by the embargo because, despite many restrictions, such as education and culture have been a priority area for Cuba's public expenditure.
Despite material resources, Cubans continue to contribute to regional and international drug control through maritime and air interdiction.
Article 6 of the 1998 Law on Banking Institutions contains preventive measures for use by the Government, which restrict the fundamental rights set forth in article 13 (1) of the Namibian Constitution, authorizes interference in the right to privacy of the family, correspondence or correspondence of any person under the provisions of chapter 2 of the 1977 Code of Criminal Procedure, and authorizes access to any premises or search of any person.
Accordingly, the net claim of 332 claims resolved in part one of the sixteenth instalment was converted to USD 211,284,854.22.
Geneva, 31 March 2003
