Let me stress that we will continue to work with them.
Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI)
At the 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the President recalled that COP 7 had agreed on the calendar of conferences and meetings of the Convention for 2003-2007.
Thailand
In paragraph 6, the Commission requested the Sub-Commission to bring to the attention of the Commission the existence of reasonable grounds for believing that any State, in particular colonial and other independent Territories, has consistent violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including policies of racial discrimination, segregation and segregation.
In the same resolution, the Sub-Commission also decided to continue its consideration of this question at its fifty-fifth session.
Near-Earth objects
These include the use of detailed land-cover databases prepared by the LCCS system and various supporting data sets collected together with the dynamic map warehouse.
The joint launch unit of the Landscape system is FAO, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Science Council.
Research on 77 medical programmes covering nearly 6 million beneficiaries shows that 78 per cent of programmes have established HIV and AIDS disease management programmes, but only 0.3 per cent of beneficiaries use them.
Uruguay (7 July 2003)
His wife refused to acknowledge Mr. Wang's mental illness.
Once the suspect is prosecuted, any material evidencing his or her guilt (e.g. a voluntary self-assessment by the accused to senior police officers) must be carefully examined and then accepted as evidence.
Since July 1999, he has repeatedly participated in Falun Gong activities.
A copy of this opinion will be sent to the Committee on the Rights of the Child; the Working Group concluded that the deprivation of liberty of Michael Guevrac does not have an arbitrary character under the various principles applicable to the Working Group in its consideration of cases submitted to it.
The Arab Ministers highlighted the need for the United Nations to play a key role in the political process in Iraq and the need for the Organization to cooperate with the League of Arab States and other regional and national actors for that purpose under the auspices of the Security Council.
We pay particular attention to the issue of raising awareness of the health of individuals, especially members of the armed forces.
China welcomes the series of positive measures taken by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations in raising awareness of HIV prevention among peacekeeping personnel, establishing a Special Adviser on AIDS and revising the code of conduct for peacekeeping personnel, in accordance with relevant Council resolutions.
During its regular session in 2003, the Committee received a letter from the Government of the United States of America dated 20 May 2003, in which the Government of the United States alleged that the Indian Movement “Tuppay Amaru” had violated the rules of procedure during the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights.
In this context, the necessary measures should be taken, as appropriate, to ensure the protection of their interests.
HKSAR, Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
One view was that it would not be appropriate to allow a non-representative minority of creditors in total creditors to determine the course of the events, given the prevailing impatience of creditors.
The Staff College has further utilized information and communication technologies.
As at the end of the reporting period, the total number of staff at the Academy was 37 specialized.
IMO publication performance 45
Conference Support Office
The report clearly indicates that the University is strengthening its cooperation with other agencies of the United Nations system and increasing its contribution to the activities of the Organization.
The SBI agreed to accept these organizations in accordance with article 7, paragraph 6, of the Convention without prejudice to subsequent action by the COP.
Statements were made by the representatives of 10 States parties, including one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States and some countries that had entered the process, and one on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The SBI welcomed the continued efforts of the chairpersons of the subsidiary bodies, the chairpersons of limited membership bodies and the secretariat to facilitate the participation of observer organizations in intersessional workshops.
Following the arrival of Trial Chamber judgements on 2 November 2001, Miroslav Kvočka, Blado Radić, Dragloljub Prcać, Zoran Čigić and Milojica Kos filed letters of appeal.
My delegation is indeed pleased to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference on Disarmament.
States parties to OAS undertake:
Brazil and Sri Lanka: amendment to article 8
The Panel finds that the amount of compensation for work performed by the claimant should be awarded in the amount of USD 78/90/462,439 for work listed in the invoice number of invoices Nos. 26/90/421, 27/90/46/90/461, 27/90/461 and 28/90/49/4995; and compensation invoices for work as set out in the invoice No. 15/90/243 and 16/90/29/90/272, 20/282;
Annex I
Mr. Steiner (Switzerland): Let me congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Security Council for this month and wish you every success.
Mr. Vassilakis (Greece): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union.
The establishment of a permanent International Court of Justice was raised in the context of the 1948 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide in order to remedy the internal deficiencies of both ad hoc tribunals.
While we believe that a compromise should not be tied to the important international treaties such as weakening the Rome Statute, we continue to believe that Council members must act in a spirit of compromise and understanding and actively work in the search for a mutually acceptable solution.
At its fifty-seventh session, on 22 November 2002, the General Assembly adopted resolution 57/63 entitled “Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation”, which attests to the strong support of the international community for multilateralism.
The legitimacy of the call for an immediate commencement of negotiations on an FMCT comes from a variety of multilateral documents, and I would like to recall here.
Even United Nations agencies and other aid providers must pay high costs for the rental of vehicles and premises and access to security.
All attempts to manage the Somali fishing site have led a large number of funds to fall into the private hands of faction leaders, which have been counted by millions over the past 10 years, sat in private tanks and, to a certain extent, to private people.
Paragraph 4: “In the knowledge that the purpose is to assist or assist the owner of an operation in planning, facilitating or implementing the action, shall be punished under specific provisions”.
At the same time, international cooperation is based on the action of the International Action Team on Money Laundering.
Open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution on “Implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons: realizing the twenty-first century for all” (organized by the Permanent Mission of the Philippines)
Between 155 and 800 hours on 9 October 2003, an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft flew over the sea off al-Shabani river area over the east, then heading towards the area of al-Bader, before exiting towards a sea off Damur and violating Lebanese airspace.
- Adoption of the Constitution in a referendum.
National efforts to strengthen the education sector
* Prior to 1988, the University of Myanmar and the College were unable to grant a doctorate degree.
Agenda item 155: Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (continued)
However, events in recent years have shown that the coverage and implementation of the Convention remain incomplete and cannot adequately deal with growing non-peacekeeping operations.
Under the draft resolution, the tariff cap for developing countries is still in negotiations.
(g) Measures to combat money-laundering;
Prevention action and terrorism
(The 10 countries with the largest contributions from Latin America and the Caribbean)
Annex
Unemployment is highest in the 20-24 age group.
Surface and good communications and transportation systems in Samoa make centralized services easier.
In addition, health services should focus on “health” concepts and actively promote health as a property perspective.
Another important aspect of economic participation has shown women as entrepreneurs, particularly in small enterprises.
At present, the trend towards marriage has been constantly changing, and the age of marriage for women is particularly late in 1991, 24 years in 1993 and 27 years for men.
Calvert Faamoe K., Nutrition and Apia Youth Survey
My delegation reiterates that any decision taken by the Provisional Institutions must comply strictly with the provisions of that resolution and the constitutional framework.
We hope that the development of a road map that includes all aspects of the referral process will help to define standards that are indispensable for a lasting solution to Kosovo's status.
However, we believe that additional measures detailed in paragraph 21 can help to control and improve the situation.
High-pensionable rates may have an impact on NEOs.
In its resolution 57/108 of 3 December 2002 on the Division for Palestinian Rights of the Secretariat, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Division with the necessary resources to ensure the continuation of its work programme on the detailed elements of its previous relevant resolutions, in particular the organization of meetings with all parties of the international community, the further development and expansion of the United Nations Information System on Palestine, the production and widest possible dissemination of publications and information materials for staff of the Palestinian Authority.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States, from its Okinawa base, shipped depleted uranium to the South Korean Democratic Republic, carried out real-war deployments, and on 8 June, the United States published a “medium-term report” to re-evaluate the “American Defence Cooperation Approach”.
Considering that promoting respect for the obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and other instruments of international law and rules is one of the fundamental purposes and principles of the United Nations,
Calls upon all States in the Mediterranean region that have not yet done so to become parties to all the multilaterally negotiated legal instruments in the field of disarmament and non-proliferation, thus creating the necessary conditions for enhancing peace and cooperation in the region;
Drought assessment models at the global and regional levels have been established.
However, they are constrained by a lack of current appropriate indicators.
With regard to the development of drought-sensitive maps in one country or region, we favour the second approach, but serious research is needed.
Mandate 1.4: Assistance in compiling online desertification terminology (Coordinator: Debicki)
Select members for WHO
In addition, some participants emphasized the cross-cutting nature of human rights, gender equality and empowerment of women, and their importance to achieving all development goals.
For example, transit commodity containers destined for Central Asia must be checked at the port of transit and then loaded on ships to ensure that no prohibited items are loaded in the interior, because of concerns about the re-entry of goods.
The second could be considered to be directly invoked by individuals (e.g. in previous cases relating to the Convention on the Rights of the Child).
Annex to the letter dated 11 August 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Germany and the Netherlands to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Comment.
Comment.
9 Ibid., Supplement No. 5F and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.6 and Corr.1), chap.
(d) To prohibit any form of discrimination or harassment in the workplace or in the workplace, including sexual harassment or gender harassment, or physical or linguistic harm.
Salaries
Abstract prepared by Stefan Kröll
Case 455: MAL 34 - Germany: Hamburg; 14 Sch 1/988 (4 September 1998)
However, such expressions must be voluntary in two categories; this does not fall within the definition of the topic (more outside its scope), but within the legal regime applicable to the topic.
Recognizing also that there are diverse models of democratic political systems and free and fair elections in the world, based on the specificities of countries and regions,
An officer said that the contract period had been extended by mutual agreement without formal renewal.
With regard to interest, the Panel refers to paragraphs 19 and 20 of this report.
Similar to the terms of payment for the two contracts concluded with SEPL, each contract was paid in part in Iraqi dinars and the remainder in United States dollars.
The Panel finds that Toa does not provide sufficient evidence of its ownership or use of property, value of property or presence in Iraq and Kuwait by 2 August 1990.
Recommendation
Facts and contentions
The personal employment contract provides that Montgomery is obliged to pay every employee back from Kuwait at the end of the employment, Mongomery states that each employee has a fixed date for return to air tickets.
The heroin killer is still in full operation.
Secondly, in addition to promoting the eradication of opium poppy and the fight against drug trafficking in Afghanistan, there must be regional perspectives.
All terrorists have relevant goals and tools.
Fifty-eighth session
Research has shown that migrants have experienced racism and discrimination in the workplace and in other areas of daily life.
The latest two missions to Bunia (28-30 January 2003; MONUC sent from 3 to 4 February 2003, OHCHR dispatched a number of serious human rights violations, including gang rapes of women, extrajudicial executions, plunder and burning.
2 To be issued.
In addition, close to 150 cases have been referred to the Rapid Recovery Facility, a joint project for UNMIK and the United Nations Development Programme to provide shelter reconstruction assistance to returnees.
The Albanian Government commends the appointment of Mr. Harri Holkeri as Special Representative and will support his work.
Countries seek to attract FDI because investment can bring benefits and have a positive impact on their economies.
The education programme will receive additional funding to increase school attendance levels, in particular female schoolchildren and to provide informal education.
1.78 Improved institutional capacity-building process and a series of management reforms to maximize the role of the system, improve the quality of services and enhance efficiency and cost-effectiveness.
Food support to families in particularly difficult situations
Microcredit and Savings Programme
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.14/Rev.1, “Protection of global climate for present and future generations of mankind” (A/58/7/Add.27; A/C.5/58/32)
Once the cluster begins, we will conduct the identification and verification of the identity of combatants.
• It is important to make better use of the comparative advantages of intergovernmental bodies so that they can achieve common goals in a more harmonious and comprehensive manner, such as the formation of integrated commissions by the General Assembly, the Security Council and the Economic and Social Council.
The South African Government agreed to continue to chair the Kimberley Process during the first year of implementation.
The Social Development Authority of the Dominican Institute for Agriculture works with women and requires them to exercise their equal rights as proclaimed by Law No. 55-97.
(a) To enhance information exchange, in particular with regard to the activities and sources of funding of terrorist organizations and other necessary information;
Concerned also about the links between corruption and other forms of crime, in particular organized crime and economic crime, including money-laundering,
In any event, the Working Group noted that the matter might need to be considered by the Committee at its thirty-sixth session, to be held in Vienna from 30 June to 11 July 2003.
At the same time, the Committee is concerned that not all principals, teachers and parents are aware of the objectives of these reforms, particularly in rural areas, and that the implementation of the various regions is inconsistent and that there is no mechanism for monitoring and evaluating implementation.
Children with disabilities
(b) To strengthen efforts to reduce the number of children working in the formal and informal sectors, with particular attention to older children;
The Committee recommends that the State party incorporate fully into its legislation and practice in the area of child custody in the light of article 3 of the Convention.
(b) Special assistance for children of single-parent families;
The Committee welcomed the adoption of the Family and Family Law (1998) which introduced and publicized the concept of foster care as a means of reducing the number of children in shelters.
Most of the responses submitted (59 out of 104) reported that disability organizations were sometimes involved in the planning and evaluation of medical care.
The often repetitive promises are that they will be assisted in this process, but as in other promises made in these halls, they can prove to be nothing more than promises.
The Government of Luxembourg believes that the foundation of the noble task of maintaining peace must be broad and complex security concepts.
These factors are combined, often increasing demand for indoor heating and transport, one of the reasons for higher energy use and greenhouse gas emissions in the transport and residential sectors.
Figure 7b. Trends in greenhouse gas emissions by sector, 1990-2000
Parties reported on policies and measures in all sectors, as required by the guidelines.
An in-depth review of national communications from Annex I Parties (to be conducted by 31 March 2003) indicated that progress had been made with regard to better estimating the future role of the Kyoto international mechanism and incorporating them into projected scope.
Norway indicated that in the long term precipitation could increase or reduce by 10 to 30 per cent.
The United Kingdom and the United States noted that they provided model data to national and international research communities.
Parties generally consider data quality acceptable.
Details of the modalities used by Parties are provided in section VI.
Although technical assistance is increasing, requests for direct United Nations observation of elections have decreased.
Particular attention will be given to legal issues, logistics and issues related to the selection of electoral systems.
The mission will highlight the importance of making progress on the proposed international conference on peace, security, democracy and development in the Great Lakes region.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is my first briefing to the Council on how to better protect civilians in armed conflict is extremely appropriate.
Indeed, he is committed to all of the United Nations.
With regard to the link between terrorism and armed conflict, my country has always expressed the urgent concern that deserves in-depth discussion.
Mr. Powardt (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): I should like at the outset to express my delegation's pleasure at seeing you, Sir, presiding over this meeting.
The European Union deeply appreciates and fully endorses the Security Council's commitment to the protection agenda and to establish a regular dialogue on this agenda.
We must therefore continue to stress that, despite the ultimate need for Afghan national institutions, there is now a need for a reasonable size and a demonstration of strong international security forces personnel to create the necessary security environment and trust and to enable the Bonn process to carry out naturally.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item.
The situation in Ituri was caused by the United Nations, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Government of Uganda.
I would like to commend the parties for their political will.
Resolution 55/59, annex.
10.30 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I now briefly draw your attention to the recent activities and current work of the Monitoring Team, so that the members of the Council can understand the current state of affairs.
In conclusion, I would like to thank Ambassador Muñoz and his able team in the delegation of Chile for their outstanding efforts in the fight against terrorism to gradually improve this key United Nations instrument.
We appreciate the significant steps taken by the Security Council and the Committee to improve the effectiveness and accuracy of sanctions measures and to address humanitarian issues and to deal with transparency and due process.
There is therefore a set of proposals.
I have the honour to transmit the summary of the fifth open-ended informal meeting on the issue of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, which was part of the efforts of the Netherlands towards an FMCT.
Languages used by the International Trade Centre/UNCTAD/WTO Joint Advisory Group
Signature: Malaysia (9 December 2003)
We therefore regret that this paragraph is not in conformity with international law and German law.
China appreciates the tireless efforts made by the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Economic Community of West African States to promote the peace process, and we actively evaluate the recent decision taken by the SADC Summit on the question of profits, and we call on the international community to provide assistance to the SADC peacekeeping force.
• ISO 9002 certification for price statistics programmes; and three other outputs are being applied for such proof;
(a) Personal data to be released by law, regulations or other authorization; and
Ninety-six per cent of respondents confirmed that their statistical offices had been involved in international cooperation projects for the past five years, and 5 per cent of respondents indicated that their statistical offices were involved only as recipients in international cooperation projects and 11 per cent indicated that they were involved only as donors, and 29 per cent of respondents indicated their involvement in international cooperation projects.
He called on India, Israel and Pakistan to support universal adherence to the Treaty as a non-nuclear-weapon State.
Ibrahim Ahmed Khaled Al-Makadeh
Agenda item 87: Environment and sustainable development (continued)
(d) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa (A/57/177)
l2. Many countries of the African Group face transport problems and freight costs from African countries for 2000 are visible.
UNCTAD should continue to provide policy-making assistance to developing countries in the area of electronic commerce.
May I remind members that, in accordance with paragraph 7 of decision 34/401, the General Assembly decided
Ms. Moratin (San Marino): San Marino will join the consensus on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women in the Third Committee.
The Third Committee adopted draft resolution I without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: There are representatives who wish to speak to explain their vote on the resolutions just adopted, and I call on those representatives.
It was so decided (decision 58/540).
KFOR intercepted 29 illegal cross-border incidents, detained 28 persons and subsequently sent them to the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
The freedom of movement of UNMEE in areas adjacent to the Temporary Security Zone, particularly in the medium-sized areas, remains limited.
However, contemporary international claim practice has proved that some organizations have been accredited to have legal qualifications representing all members of a group.
However, the financial situation of UNHCR has a serious impact on the implementation of its strategy, since, in accordance with paragraph 63 of the report of the Commissioner of Refugees (A/58/12), UNHCR has managed in a year only half of the funds necessary to sustain its activities in 2003.
Summary records of the meetings of the Committee shall be prepared and distributed in English, French and Spanish.
List of speakers
The members of the Committee shall be 18 elected in accordance with articles 28 to 34 of the Convention.
Subject to rule 38, the Secretary-General or his representative may make oral or written statements at meetings of the Committee or its subsidiary bodies.
Number of votes in favour
If the Committee or the pre-session working group consider that the information contained in the reports of States parties is insufficient, States may request additional information as requested and indicate the deadlines for submission of information.
Meetings and hearings 184
Establishment of working groups and designation of special rapporteurs for specific complaints 186
Article 45
Decision on admissibility
Filling of casual vacancies 201
Military leaders do not isolate these combatants and vice versa.
The three individuals were later shot dead by José Zanzima.
The review was determined that the provision of quality services in a timely manner should continue to be carried out by the Office of Central Support Services but should be organized in other areas of affairs in the Office.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 114)
Article 17
The transaction number shall be designated by the registry for the commencement of the transaction, and thereafter the transaction record is based.
However, since these translation services can be obtained at much lower cost in local markets, the cost-accounting approach is not feasible.
2.12 Pension (Amendment) Act 2002
For the “equal” package: a package of reference materials for primary school teachers, published in 1994.
10.45 In 2001, funding was provided “Special Initiative for Adult Programmes in Living Poverty” (SPDAS).
The Act is comprehensive and addresses all issues related to employment, including access to employment, employment conditions, salaries, promotion and vocational training.
Thus, the existing right to adopt leave is an adoption leave for 18 weeks and an optional eight week.
The table below shows separately the amounts allocated to capital and staffing and the estimated number of child-care centres funded by the appropriation.
The Department also funded a voluntary organization aimed at reducing violence against male families in Irish society through a confidential telephone service, which supports and challenges men, requiring them to recognize their own violence and to take responsibility for its cessation.
(b) The introduction of paid maternity leave or maternity leave with equal social benefits without losing existing jobs, seniority or social benefits;
Article 8
Should the list be updated, the updated list will be sent to central authorities responsible for border control.
However, the outlook for 2003 continues to be influenced by uncertainties that exist in the current global economy.
Although the level of education and health of people itself is a good goal, their positive impact on the overall development of a country is very far-reaching.
Paragraph 9
The initiative is a direct response to the outstanding objectives of the environmental plan of action proposed by the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development in 1992 in chapter 40 of Agenda 21, which will assist the international community in assessing progress on some of the environmental goals outlined in the plan.
ESCAP will hold a regional working group on space science and technology applications in Hanoi in 2003.
Under option B, if the “data message” contains “electronic signatures that are both appropriate and equally reliable”, the signature requirement may be met.
Until recently, WHO has been collecting data from two sources, such as national health surveys.
Based on other information received, the Board noted that this savings were a direct result of several overexpenditure and expenditure savings, including the acquisition of prefabricated facilities in excess of $1,298,900, alteration, renovation and construction of $6,299,200, the overexpenditure of $5,286,600 for acquisition of electrical equipment, the overexpenditure of $31,800 for sanitation and cleaning supplies, $142,700 for public utilities and other projects.
An evaluation of the role of microcredit as a alternative to higher-income financing was undertaken.
Before the end of the biennium 2004-2005, the Chamber is expected to complete the following work during the biennium: 12 trials, 12 pre-trial procedures, 6 pre-appeal procedures, 8 appeals against the final decisions of the Trial Chamber and all interlocutory appeals arising from the above work.
In addition to these extremely worrying conflicts, while good intentions and resolutions have been adopted in various forums that began at the Millennium Summit, there are two major issues that have not yet been addressed by the international community.
Mr. Tony (Togo) (spoke in French): This year we again gathered to evaluate our actions and to identify steps that could inject new lives into our Organization.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his personal concerns about the well-being of my country.
Human resources management
16 Exceptions based on certain pre-defined criteria are certainly more effective in monitoring compliance with human resources policies, guidelines and practices.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue to give high priority to the consolidation and strengthening of emergency preparedness and response mechanisms, including humanitarian early warning activities, in order to take effective action to identify, inter alia, all human rights violations resulting in mass exoduses;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations for the people of Western Sahara, as stipulated in the settlement plan;
During the reporting period, there has been no significant change in the Organization's funding source or other international non-governmental organizations affiliated to consultative status.
The Ministry of Women and Children has administrative responsibility for the “Shabaab Development Programme”.
Various studies have been carried out to evaluate media coverage from a gender sensitive perspective.
Draft report of the Committee
These specific gender issues are taken into account in the development of health-related programmes.
Education again becomes critical.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Meeting of co-sponsors on the draft resolution on human rights and terrorism (agenda item 117 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Algeria)
Plenary
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets that two important tax concessions (as an incentive for the employment of persons with disabilities and a tribute to the Committee's previous concluding observations) have been cancelled.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives: report of the Third Committee (A/58/508/Add.3)
It also sought closer integration into the European Union and hoped to sign a Stabilization and Association Agreement in 2004.
We welcome the final efforts to achieve this consensus.
Human rights defenders
The draft resolution was adopted without a vote, as orally revised.
In this regard, the State party should take appropriate measures to inform the public about remedies available to victims of discrimination or xenophobia.
The Committee notes that despite constitutional and legal safeguards, indigenous and Afro-Ecuadorian populations and other members of ethnic minorities are in fact subject to discrimination.
The State party should include in its next periodic report detailed information on indigenous communities' land ownership and remedies available to indigenous populations seeking environmental damage from traditional land.
The Committee emphasizes the State party's responsibility to assist “release tenants” and recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts to compensate and resettle affected families.
In order to give greater prominence to the work of these bodies, the Committee requests the State party to include information on the review of cases of racial discrimination in its next periodic report.
The Committee encourages the State party to review the law in order to define it more clearly.
Although the Committee has repeatedly requested, Papua New Guinea has not complied with its obligations under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention, either by submitting periodic reports or by submitting additional information on Bougainville.
In view of the lack of statistical data on the composition of Norwegian society, the Committee recommends that the State party provide statistical estimates of population composition in its subsequent reports, in accordance with paragraph 8 of the guidelines for the preparation of reports, and draws the attention of the State party to its general recommendation No. 8 on self-marked membership of specific racial and ethnic groups.
The Committee recommends that the State party report be made available to the public at the time of its submission, and that the Committee's observations on these reports be similarly publicized.
Addendum
She hoped that the Chairman of the Advisory Committee would make a statement.
Requests Parties included in Annex I to the Convention to publish on their own website national inventory submissions containing national inventory reports and CRF submissions and to inform the secretariat of the exact web site on which they are posted on the web site;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 21 November 2002, at 3 p.m.
This commitment, particularly from the inclusion of space science in Malaysia's third overview plan, is a key area of activity for knowledge-based societies.
Finally, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda has firmly supported the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and has condemned the numerous communications received from the Permanent Representative of the Government of Kinshasa to the United Nations.
(d) To maintain the necessary vigilance in the consideration of assisting any national space launch vehicle projects to prevent the development of weapons of mass destruction delivery systems, taking into account that such programmes can be used to cover ballistic missile programmes;
It is likely that the approach of the party is to try to divide an international community of excellence, will and resolve to implement the Convention.
1.62 Under non-post objects of expenditure, provision is made for travel of the Ombudsman and its staff; general operating expenses for communications, office automation and maintenance of other office equipment; supplies and materials; acquisition of office automation equipment.
The Intergovernmental Working Group considered the draft recommendations at its 11th to 14th meetings, on 30 and 31 January 2003.
7 As a result of the amendment of 17 December 1963 (resolution 1991 A (XVIII) entered into force on 31 August 1965, the General Assembly increased the number of non-permanent members of the Security Council from 6 to 10.
Mr. Yamazaki (Japan) resigned from the term of office as at 31 December 2004.
* Term of office expires on 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 88)
In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 45/175 of 18 December 1990 and 46/140 of 17 December 1991, the Third Committee of the General Assembly considered this issue biennially.
Thirdly, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen its role as coordinator of the programmes and agencies of the United Nations system within its purview, as well as its subsidiary bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Sustainable Development.
The Task Force and the secretariat of the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction are the principal institutional mechanism of the Strategy and have been consolidating their functions.
The Kenya Family Planning Association, a voluntary non-governmental organization, was established in 1962 as a pioneer in the Kenya family planning campaign.
Please describe the organizational structure or mechanisms of your Government to identify and investigate the financial networks associated with Usama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or the Taliban within your jurisdiction or individuals, groups, undertakings or entities that provide support to them.
The session was chaired by Gert Rosenthalth (Guatemala).
There is no doubt that effective coordination between the United Nations and the African Union and regional actors and organizations must also be provided with constant financial assistance to enable those actors and institutions to fulfil their difficult peacekeeping responsibilities in various regions and countries in Africa.
United Nations Children's Fund
Although 69 per cent of responding States indicated that national policies provide equal access to services for all, regardless of gender, women and girls continue to face wide-ranging economic, legal and social barriers and increase their vulnerability to HIV/AIDS.
By 2005, the proportion of infants infected with HIV had decreased by 20 per cent and by 50 per cent by 2010, ensuring that 80 per cent of pregnant women received prenatal care and received services that could reduce mother-to-child transmission risks.
For States to maintain effective responses over the long term, strategies must be developed and institutional capacity-building.
Review of existing practices within the United Nations system shows the following new features in the use of lessons learned from evaluation at the country level:
These workshops and meetings were held on the occasion of the annual session of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
In response to this important expansion and recognition of the increased responsibilities of WMO, the Executive Board of WMO at its fifty-fourth session agreed to set WMO space programme a priority.
New strategies are required to promote the availability and accessibility of data, so that observation systems and programmes can contribute to the application of meteorology and researchers to address global environmental issues.
As indicated in the report of the Secretary-General, significant progress has been made in the implementation of the United Nations mandate in East Timor.
These institutions and departments are the United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs (Department of Disarmament Affairs), the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the World Food Programme (WFP), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the World Bank, the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR).
(b) (ii) Any other period within which it is engaged in any activity to be held during the performance of the contract of carriage, provided that the loss, damage or delay takes place during the period in which such activities are performed.
The second option was selected and the last sentence was placed in square brackets.
A concern raised in paragraph 103 of A/CN.9/526, paragraph (now paragraph (d)) should be deleted to preserve the unilateral nature of any instructions that the controlling party might give to the carrier rather than to modify the terms of the contract of carriage, since the latter required a common agreement between the parties to the contract.
OIOS also found that there was no succession plan for the appointment or replacement of investment management staff.
The specific purpose of the Working Group was to test and analyse procedures used by other countries that had experienced such situations.
I would like to point four points.
UNIDO should focus on identifying projects in the developing world to improve corporate social responsibility that could lead to significant increases in productivity and sales; it should assist in developing country SMEs in developing a clear, realistic approach to implementing corporate social responsibilities, providing training and tools for SMEs and promoting business linkages.
In accordance with the rules of procedure of the Board, corrections may be submitted within seven days of the receipt of this record or of the closure of the session, whichever is later.
For documents that have not been issued to date, estimates of the dates for submission and issuance are indicated.
In order to create jobs and work towards the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, ILO implements international programmes to help countries develop action plans for promoting women's employment within the framework of poverty eradication strategies.
Transport at airports 69-70 8
He regretted that the meeting had not agreed on reducing agricultural tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which, once it had been reached, would generate $50 billion in income for poor or wealthy countries, and would help to save 1.44 million people worldwide from poverty by 2015.
We hope that the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development will create a new situation to maximize the strength of international cooperation to increase investment for the implementation of development projects and plans.
At the same time, a bill on racial discrimination and ethnic discrimination was also being studied.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that one of the Department's priorities was the implementation of the revised Forest Law (Law No. 97/017 of 8 August 1997) and the development and ratification of strategic action plans, including the strengthening of cooperation with customs officials, the formation of joint patrols, the establishment of a national forestry sector observatory to improve the management of natural heritage and the protection of biodiversity.
Paragraph 4
Requests relevant United Nations bodies, including at the country level, to cooperate with States, within their mandates and work, with due regard to the Declaration and the reports of the Special Representative, and requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to bring the report of the Special Representative to all relevant United Nations bodies, including at the country level;
She also welcomed the Joint Ministerial Statement issued after the ministerial segment of the forty-sixth session of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs and various international efforts to implement the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction.
In particular, she highlighted the recommendations of ministers on national drug control strategies and the corresponding measures aimed at significantly reducing drug abuse by 2008.
Complaints
She, like one speaker, expressed concern that 44 per cent of the recommendations of the ICAO Technical Cooperation Agency had not been implemented and urged the Secretariat to expedite the pace and fully implement the remaining recommendations.
Further clarification is needed on the recommendation that some final performance reports be prepared without the need to prepare (para.
His delegation wished to look at the technical analysis on which the Inspectors had proposed the proposal and would like the Advisory Committee to endorse it.
(b) Including user groups in the development and implementation of management plans under the common management system.
Other matters
• The Bureau will consist of five existing positions: Chairperson, Vice-Presidents and Rapporteur; Chairman of the Legal Subcommittee; Chairman of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
He urged developed countries to increase their share of gross national product as official development assistance, to reduce the external debt burden of developing countries and to open their markets to developing countries to integrate them into international economic and social development, to benefit from globalization and to close the gap with developed countries.
In order to achieve maximum cooperation between the Eurasian Economic Community and the United Nations, the relationship between the two sides should be strengthened on a stable basis and the granting of Community observer status to the United Nations General Assembly could contribute to this goal by enhancing cooperation between the parties and enhancing their capacity to guarantee world peace and regional security.
Recalling further its resolution 2002/25 of 24 July 2002 and other relevant United Nations resolutions,
The relevant authorities of Libya are also studying the Optional Protocol on the involvement of children in armed conflict with a view to acceding to it.
The Controller has just reminded the Committee that it had received comprehensive written clarifications at its informal meetings.
The Committee notes that, although the report contains significant information on legal provisions that have entered into force since the submission of the previous report, it lacks information on the practical implementation of the Convention.
Introduction
Reports and replies are contained in document CAT/C/75.
In accordance with rule 111, paragraph 5, of its rules of procedure, the Committee urges the State party to undertake a full investigation into the facts that occurred on 15 April 1995, prosecute and punish the responsible person, counter the complainant, including fair and adequate compensation, and to inform the Committee, within 90 days of the date of the transmittal of the present decision, of the steps it has taken with regard to these observations.
As a result of the collapse of his right as a result of his torture, his right was seriously injured.
4.11 With regard to Amnesty International's report of 3 July 2001 (see para. 2.8), the State party states that the organization began its report by providing a clear picture of whether the complainant would be exposed to risk from the activities prior to his departure, as the organization could not carry out the necessary investigations.
7.2 The question before the Committee is whether the State party will forcibly repatriate the complainant to the Sudan violates its obligations under article III of the Covenant that, if there are substantial grounds for believing that a person would be in danger of torture in another State, the person should not be expelled or returned to that State.
The facts as submitted by the complainant
4.3 With regard to the complainant's claim under article 3, the State party argues that isolated cases of ill-treatment in Spanish prisons could not prove systematic practice of torture in the country.
The Council notes the intention of the Contact Group to make substantive contributions for periodic review and to submit its assessments to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
The Guide discusses the relative applicability of various aspects of insolvency law.
Equatorial Guinea has repeatedly expressed its national position in various international forums and forums, and the President of the Republic, during the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly and in commemoration of the first anniversary of the terrorist attacks in the United States of America on 11 September 2001, met in New York with the President of the United States, George W. Bush, in person expressing this position and stressing the need to assist, support and protect Equatorial Guinea from serious threats posed by international terrorism and transnational crime.
Jamaica
Security Council
On the other hand, the first registered secured creditor could protect itself by verifying whether the encumbered assets would be encumbered in possession of the secured creditor to obtain its security right.
An alternative or supplementary approach is to request the identification of the placement of an assignee in a registered notice in a notice in which a secured creditor with an assignment is involved in order to avoid situations in which third-party creditors are involved.
By limiting the detailed level of information on the relationship between the parties in public records, the registration system based on notification has increased the level of confidentiality between the person and the secured creditor.
However, by transferring legitimate control over performance obligations owed to third parties, functional equivalent to waiver.
The consultants conducted drafting work under expert support and guidance.
Reaffirming that the World Conference on Human Rights, held in Vienna in 1993, recognized the urgent need to eliminate denial and human rights abuses;
See chap. ]
Deeply concerned that women's groups, such as women belonging to minorities, indigenous women, refugee women and internally displaced women, migrant women, women living in rural or remote communities, women living in poverty, asylum or detention, girls, women with disabilities, elderly women, widows and armed conflict, often target or particularly vulnerable to violence,
Urges States to consider ratifying or acceding to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its two Protocols, the Protocol against the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Sea and Air and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children;
States should commit themselves to the establishment of a global security environment of cooperation, mutual trust and guarantee universal security for all members of the international community, thereby eliminating the dynamic causes of the acquisition, development and retention of nuclear weapons in some countries.
In many cases, trade, environment and development programmes use project activities as indicators of achievement rather than target-based indicators.
24 Oceania Flash Bulletin, 23 October 2002 and Economist Intelligence Unit, Viewswire, 18 December 2002.
A thorough review of the information provided by Iraq not only during the present report.
Through the negotiation of a peaceful settlement of disputes between States and States, it is generally accepted by the international community, which reflects the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations and the continued constructive dialogue between the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom on the question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas).
Requests that this reply be circulated as a document of the United Nations for all representatives to be used in the consideration of items under agenda item 11 (a).
The 2003/04 estimates include the cost of the proposal to replace 132 computers.
Annex I
Status of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol; Application of the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention; Adoption of the agenda; Election of replacement officers; Admission of observer organizations; Organization of work, including sessions of the subsidiary bodies; Dates and venue of the second session of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol; Calendar of conferences and meetings for 2004-2008; Adoption of the report on credentials.
He noted that LDCs that managed to diversify their exports and move to products and/or services had succeeded in reducing their poverty levels, indicating the link between poverty levels in one country and their ability to diversify their production structures, and stressed the importance of a country's export structure for its development efforts.
At its closing plenary meeting, on 4 December 2002, the Council adopted its agreed conclusions on agenda item 2.
The session was opened under the presidency of the Council.
European Community
Although some progress has been made last year, the Special Rapporteur outlined concerns that remain, while setting out the remaining priorities.
More than 3 million people worldwide die from HIV/AIDS in 2003 and an estimated 5 million people are infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) to reach 40,000 million people worldwide.
Although the initial HIV/AIDS pandemic is viewed primarily as a health problem, it is increasingly recognized today as a development, security and human rights issue.
The information and knowledge generated by this collaboration has led to the recognition that many factors related to women's subordination increase the risk of HIV infection.
Working Group on International Liability for injurious consequences arising from acts not prohibited by international law
Fragmentation of international law: difficulties arising from the diversification and expansion of international law.
The Government has been slow and limited in establishing an effective and credible justice system.
The events that took place in January 2003 had a huge burden on the East Timorese newly emerging defence and police forces, resulting in procedural violations and human rights.
The view was also expressed that the report should reflect more appropriately the core strategy adopted by the United Nations system in June 2002 to achieve the Millennium Development Goals and the various aspects of the Millennium Project as a comprehensive framework at the global and national levels to facilitate joint efforts by States and development institutions to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
General Assembly
(g) UNRWA Advisory Committee: proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003;
Table 11 (as measured by the 2004-2005 standard) shows a reduction in the budget resulting from the implementation of the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on non-post objects of expenditure (including recommendations of the Committee on posts and the impact of its recommendations on the computer replacement cycle for furniture and equipment and general operating expenses).
II.10 The Advisory Committee recommends that the current arrangements for support to the Security Council be reviewed within the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, streamlined those arrangements and, where appropriate, integrated support capacity to improve the efficiency of activities and the full use of staff and other support services (A/57/7/Add.17, para.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the information technology resources currently proposed for recovery in 2002-2003 amount to $480,600 (without recosting) compared to $113,800 for expanded resources (see paras. 108-11 above).
In its consideration of the budget, the Commission felt that the ECE secretariat had proactively made recommendations and discussed conference and publications programmes with representatives of ECE.
Section 24 Human rights
Resource growth includes the restoration of approximately $200 million (without recosting).
In March 2003, an independent Ministry of Human Rights was established, replacing the human rights component that had been under the jurisdiction of the Minister of Justice.
It reported that its HIV/AIDS prevention and control plan was coordinated with host country AIDS programmes and refugee civil society.
2003/15 Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Furthermore, in the case of acts of terrorism committed outside Costa Rica or where such acts are not really practised, articles 274 and 374 of the Penal Code provide for the punishment of persons who create terrorist activities.
In this regard, it is intended to amend articles 274 and 374 of the Penal Code relating to illegal organizations.
For the Fund, its legal status is established in accordance with Act No. 538 of 28 August 1973, article 1 recognizes “the proper legal status of the Fund, such as the non-profit entity in public service, the deployment of fixed assets for the purpose of educating, charitable, intellectual, scientific activities and all activities that promote social welfare”.
The Committee urges the State party to increase its efforts to provide greater support to single-parent families.
At the same time, according to the agreement reached at the meeting of the Chief of Staff in Pretoria in March 2003, FARDC personnel currently deployed in Kinshasa will be placed in the camp area and monitored by MONUC military observers.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee consisted of the following 23 Member States:
Review
In this connection, the Special Committee notes that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 provides resources for the programme of work of the Special Committee for the period 2004-2005, in accordance with the number of activities approved in 2003, without prejudice to the decisions to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Representatives of regional organizations
Many Territories have made considerable progress in political, constitutional, economic and social development and have made considerable progress in self-government.
It was noted that the economic situation in some regions had led to an increase in migration to coca bush cultivation, while, in order to respond to drug law enforcement efforts, illicit drug laboratories tended to move from rural to suburbs.
At the same meeting, the Commission considered the draft resolution entitled “Measures to promote the exchange of information on new features and substances used in drug injuries” (E/CN.7/2003/L.10), sponsored by Benin, Egypt, Greece (on behalf of States members of the United Nations Member States), Switzerland and the United States of America.
(a) Changes in the scope of material control;
Solomone Naivalu, Minister of Health, Fiji
• Allow access to all documents that are considered relevant to nuclear activities (e.g. progress reports, exchanges between government organizations and implementing organizations, records of meetings and computer files) and allow measures to be taken to conduct proper forensic analyses on site or other locations, such as removal, photocopying).
C. Attendance
v. Democratic Republic of the Congo (Views adopted on 31 July 2003, seventy-eighth session)
The Human Rights Committee, established under article 28 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 1988, the Supreme Court of Zambia ruled that there was no reason to continue his detention.
3.2 The author also contends that article 14, paragraph 3, of the Covenant was violated, as criminal proceedings lasted more than 15 years.
6.1 On 12 September 2002, the State party replied to the Committee's request regarding the date of the execution of the author's son and the exact time that the State party was informed of the communication.
7.2 With regard to the admissibility of the author's claim on behalf of his own, her daughter and grandchildren, the Committee refers to a consistent precedent that, in the absence of authorization, the parties must present convincing reasons for sending communications on behalf of others.
On 20 July 1999, the Full Court granted the Minister's appeal against the judgement of 15 February 1999, in which the Court of Appeal ruled in “this extremely difficult case”, although “contracted”, evidence was frank and properly weighed against each other.
The State party adds that it is clear that the risk of violations of article 7 must be real and that the inevitable and foreseeable consequences of the return of an individual are that their rights may be violated.
Communication No. 93/2000: Adrien Mundyo Busyo, Thomas Othudi Wongodi, René Sibu Matubuka et al. v. Democratic Republic of the Congo (Views adopted on 31 July 2003)
For this reason, you have no right to submit a claim for pensions under this law.”
The military officer in this area during the period 1990-1991 was Amarasinghe, who later died in a terrorist attack.
Thus, the State party provides tools and facilities for the wrongful act.
6.4 The State party does not recognize the alleged existence of age discrimination legislation as a response to the findings of the author's case.
The Convention's mandate `accepting and considering a communication is the Committee and is not [the Committee].
The facts as presented by the author
Author's comments on the State party's observations
They noted that the State party did not contest these arguments in its observations.
On 4 July 2001, the High Court granted bail Cabal, but on 2 August 2001, the bail order was placed on appeal.
The detention of all prisoners in Melbourne was constructed in 1989 but six weeks after the arrival of the person was opened, and new remand prisoners must be held at the reception centre in Coburgh.
Subsequently, he and other members of the organization were aware that the relevant educational law (article 157 of the Education Act and article 5 of the Education Decree (the Presidential Decree on Curriculum Materials) prohibited the publication of school textbooks in secondary schools.
3.8 The author adds that Norway's law on the right since ancient times is interpreted and applied in accordance with the interpretation and practice of the Norwegian courts, in itself in violation of article 27.
On the contrary, the interests of the Sámi have been guaranteed through a ferry mechanism if they have not previously identified adequate grazing rights in reindeer.
On 4 February 2000, the committees reached an agreement on recommendations to their respective groups.
However, the author did not provide information, and it was not possible to see whether the Supreme Court's finding of bias against the Sámi in the Aursunden case in 1997.
On 2 February 1997, he was formally charged with the murder of Mr. M and on 7 February 1997 he was held in pretrial detention.
2.3 According to the author, the confirmation receipts from the Post Office indicate that the date of the application to the Court was Friday, 24 June 1994, the last day that could be applied.
2.17 On 2 December 1998, the judgements of the Criminal Court found the author guilty of the charges and sentenced him to six months of imprisonment, suspended the bail and ordered him to pay the complainant an award of 2,000 francs.
The Tribunal also failed to rule on this request, but, according to the State party, there was a reasonable expectation of success in the request, because domestic law, negligence, which was always tied to illegal administrative decisions, which the Government had legal responsibility for that purpose (Administrative Court, 26 January 1973, Dripourt Rec., p. 77).
At this point, the Court of Appeal is satisfied that “the author is no longer indifferent and able to consider the current position, such as the location of his victim in his life, because of the acceptance of Clorazil drug treatment” and “because the author insists on the use oflorazil, its recidivism and the risk of a society may be negligible”;
The author draws attention to the Committee's decision in Berry v. Jamaica (No. 330/1998), which was adopted on 7 April 1994, and to the decision of Griffin v. Spain (No. 493//1992), adopted on 4 April 1995.
Sofia and Bulgarian Electricity Company, International Court of Justice, Series A/B No. 79, 1990.
The required substantive cooperation first requires Iraq to fulfil its obligations to declare all weapons of mass destruction programmes, either to declare relevant items and activities for destruction, or to provide evidence to facilitate a conclusion that no prohibited items or activities are now in place.
We in Iraq preferred to say nothing and, if so, they should be regarded as innocent in the absence of evidence.
A clear example is Iraq's declaration on heavy explosives HMX: some HMX, which had been supplied as industrial mining explosives by the Agency at the end of 1998 to the cement plant.
Recommendations of the Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules and procedures of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council, as well as with the practice of the Commission on Sustainable Development, the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests and the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests, intergovernmental organizations and representatives of major groups with relevant expertise may participate in [as observers] [the activities of the ad hoc expert group] during the meeting of the first [two] days].
At present, 60 of the 165 districts in the south and south-eastern regions were identified as highly neutral.
E. Human rights questions
In addition, efforts are needed to promote integrated and coordinated economic and social development, which is necessary for individual development.
If the State does not guarantee its right to exist, these communities will not achieve the cultural, social and economic integrity enshrined in the Constitution.
There are also enterprises that are too expensive to engage in sustainable development at the core of human rights, prefer to stop, cancel projects or invest.
Thus, in such cases, article 25 of the Money Laundering Act and article 180 of the Code of Criminal Procedure can also be used to freeze without delay funds related to terrorist acts or terrorist organizations.
As indicated in paragraph 1 of the memorandum and in the relevant statements, credentials have been received from 40 countries in the form set out in rule 24 of the rules of procedure by the representatives of the Conference of the States Parties at its second session, namely Australia, Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Cambodia, Croatia, Estonia, Fiji, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Jordan, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, the Marshall Islands, Norway, Portugal, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, Slovenia, Slovenia, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea.
United Nations
Article 8, paragraph 3, of the NGO Act (voluntary association and funding) provides that foreigners and stateless persons may participate in non-governmental organizations operating in Azerbaijan as citizens of Azerbaijan.
Private initiatives in support of agriculture.
Reaffirms the right of everyone to participate freely in the cultural life of society, to enjoy the arts and to share scientific progress and benefits thereof;
Under the terms of the Fund, projects must be managed by women, which must be innovative and not compete with other similar enterprises in the same field.
The first course was opened in June 2001 by the Scandina-Caribbean Training Platform (NBP) and the European Network of Cultural Management (ENCATC).
This is a project in two urban sports and recreation sectors.
Paragraph 1
Some of the electronic business processes that may be of interest to States have been identified (OECD 2003) and some definitions have been elaborated:
We will explore the possibility of using microdata links between e-commerce and technology surveys and other production surveys.
World Bank (2003).
The EU attaches particular importance to the work of the Committee.
The Chairman: The Committee will now take action on the draft decision contained in document A/C.6/58/L.17, entitled “Questions relating to disarmament and international security”.
Step 3: fissile material cut-off treaty negotiations
Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Working Group with the services and assistance required for its work.
Consideration of reports 23 9
No legislative provision containing racist offences has been established as an offence of self-crimes against racist motivation, nor legislative provisions that the court should take into account racist motivation when deciding on these crimes.
Children with disabilities
The Committee welcomes the strategy aimed at enhancing the right of Roma children to health care and to integrate education through health and education intermediaries.
A special review of gender equality recommended the development of a policy for mainstreaming gender issues in the country and recommended that such policies be piloted in selected projects.
Most of them are treated in primary care or in hospital emergency wards.
The Labour Law recognizes trade unions in enterprises, multi-business unions, independent practitioners and temporary trade unions.
If a woman dies after childbirth, the post-natal leave shall be extended and the specific period is determined by the department providing prevention or treatment.
Following the opening, the 800 telephone line programme has undertaken a number of tasks and actions and has been continuously evaluated and expanded and improved.
In 2000, dengue was also included in the compulsory notification of the disease.
This support and other forms of support and incentives increased by 278,611 students enrolled in the subsidized sector between 1994 and 1998 and an increase of 10 per cent.
These schools also benefit from becoming the focus of State-assisted programmes.
(Percentage)
“17. Requests the Secretary-General, in accordance with past practice, to facilitate the scheduling of meetings of non-governmental organizations and professional organizations participating in the Eleventh Congress, as well as meetings of professional and geographical interest groups, and to take appropriate measures to encourage the participation of the academic research community in the Eleventh Congress;
Many indigenous representatives discussed common education issues, including the low enrolment rates for students throughout compulsory and non-mandatory education.
We commend the establishment by the United Nations of the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on Integrated United Nations Follow-up to the General Assembly for the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields.
Preparations are under way to hold an annual meeting of States Parties in November.
This strategy should overcome any gaps and limitations in the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime.
The Declaration also recognized the need for increased technical assistance and capacity-building support from developing countries and LDCs in this area, including policy analysis and formulation, to better evaluate the impact of multilateral cooperation on their development policies and objectives and human development and institutions, and, in this context, undertook to work with other relevant intergovernmental organizations, including UNCTAD, through appropriate regional or bilateral channels.
For the purposes of this instrument,
Early warning and hazardous sex education should be sent to affected communities.
Most border posts can be used by satellite.
The signing of this document by the parties, neighbouring States and the United Nations implies agreement on the provisions of this plan.
From 1990 to 1999, the index of primary school enrolment in primary school in developing countries increased from 0.87 to 0.92, the school enrolment in secondary schools from 0.75 to 0.89.
This difference is not confined to a certain age, but the evidence discussed in the present report deals only with adults.
In developing countries, differences in health-related knowledge and behaviour are fundamental reasons for the disparity between infant and infant mortality in education.
e Data refer to students (university students) and not to students (pre-University students).
(i) Parliamentary documentation: preparation and submission of documents on the organization of work of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies and ad hoc bodies and special sessions organized under the auspices of the United Nations, including the preliminary list, the provisional agenda and final agenda and annotations, the supplementary list of items, the Secretary-General's aide-memoire on the organization of work of the General Assembly, the report on the status of documentation for processing and issuance;
The strategy for the biennium is to strengthen the availability and editing functions of reference information in order to minimize delays in documentation processing.
Subprogramme 2
All of these acts are contrary to the resolutions adopted by the international community, which point to the illegal nature of those acts, requiring the withdrawal of this land by Israeli authorities.
My delegation also expresses its appreciation to the United Nations for its commendable action to mitigate the impact of natural disasters on human society through the concerted efforts of the international community and, in this course, to pay particular attention to the needs of developing countries.
The special session on children not only provides us with an opportunity to review the progress made since 1990 but also provides us with an opportunity to further commit ourselves to making the world a better place for children.
These include HIV/AIDS, child trafficking and commercial sexual exploitation of children, maternal and newborn mortality, and child malnutrition.
More than 500 million children continue to live in extreme poverty; about 150 million children are under-education; in developing countries, about 150 million children suffer from malnutrition; 100 million children under five years of age die every year from preventable diseases; and in this context, what has been successful?
The plan of action is comprehensive and includes strategies designed to prevent, implement and implement, protect and repatriate, return and reintegration.
The approved post at the Professional level in 2003 is contained in annex II.
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held an informal meeting to discuss its report on its mission to the region.
Summary of the activities of the expert mission
Response:
I have received a corresponding letter from the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, Afghanistan, Albania, Andorra, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Congo, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Dominica, Eritrea, Ghana, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Lithuania, Malaysia, Mali, Malta, Netherlands, Niger, Nigeria, Paraguay, Portugal, Qatar, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Ukraine, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
Recognizes the close link between the international economic, commercial and financial fields and the realization of the right to development, and in this context stresses the need to broaden the international policy-making base on development issues to fill gaps in organizational institutions, strengthen the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions, and stresses the need to increase and strengthen the participation of developing countries and countries with economies in transition in international economic decision-making and norm-setting;
Calls upon States to pay particular attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including positive measures, in order to guarantee the full realization of the right of everyone to the enjoyment of the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health;
Decides to consider this question at its sixtieth session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Deeply concerned at acts of violence, racism and xenophobia and other forms of discrimination, xenophobia and other forms of discrimination, against migrants in different parts of the world, in particular against women and children,
Recommendation
In addition, inter-linkages are becoming more closely related and more existing freight forwarding companies seek to establish links with shipping companies or other transport companies.
E. forthcoming activities: impact on trade facilitation
Section 14 of the Penal Code provides that criminal legislation of the Republic of Tajikistan shall be effective, regardless of the law of the place of the crime, provided that acts against the public are committed on aircraft or vessels flying the flag of the Republic of Tajikistan or clearly marked and legally navigated.
Are Tajikistan a party to any relevant bilateral treaty relating to offences under international conventions and protocols for extradition?
15.20 Administrative guidance and management are the responsibility of the Executive Director, whose office includes the New York Liaison Office.
(b) Proposed organization of work (A/AC.265/2003/L.2);
(Signed) Inocencio F.
Investment requirements may include specialized and specific assets, resulting in additional costs and increased transaction costs.
See International Institute for Environment and Development, op. cit.
The Chairman made a statement.
Slovenia's legislation obliges all State bodies, in particular the Ministry of Defence, the intelligence sector and private security companies to work together to deal with kidnapping.
Members called on the parties to cooperate fully with MONUC and third-party verification mechanisms.
Other funds
Other related matters
Human resources management and payroll systems
As a result of the overlap in the financial oversight functions of the Department of Operations and the Finance Division, the harmonization of financial responsibilities has increased.
Statistics on the use of audio-visual telephones by sex will also be important in view of the fact that the home has no access to audio.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
Indeed, differences of views are one of the objectives sought by the Iraqi leadership.
It is also because of these, I can point out that any decision taken by the Iraqi people is acceptable to Turkey as long as it is based on democracy and participation by all.
Note by the Secretariat*
Many Parties estimate that even if the latest measures proposed at the end of the 1990s have been adopted, they may also fall short of Kyoto objectives.
Affirms that intercultural dialogue essentially enriches the common understanding of human rights and affirms the important benefits of encouraging and developing international contacts and cooperation in the field of culture;
General debate
Some delegations were of the view that the responsibility and circumstances of those commonly referred to as “non-State actors” should be reviewed.
However, some delegations were of the view that special treatment should be allowed to those who agreed to provide information that would help to identify facts.
By comparison, 16 countries made indicative pledges for 2001.
Let us work together so that this day will come quickly with the concrete efforts of the Committee and other multilateral frameworks, the full political will shown in the capital around the world and the indication of national priorities.
Secondly, the media widely reported that the report of the Monitoring Group contained alarming facts that Al-Qaida had decided to use chemical and biological weapons.
The next item will be discussed immediately once a discussion of the item has been completed.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and place;
(a) The meeting of the seminar shall be held in public, unless the President determines that exceptional circumstances must be held.
Clearly, there can be no real lasting peace in the Middle East without addressing Israel's relations with the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The level of development and achievement will depend on the positive developments in the overall security situation and the participation of the international community.
Mr. Vassilov (Bulgaria): At the outset, I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for organizing this important meeting on the security situation in Afghanistan, which gives us the opportunity to hear such excellent briefings by Ambassador West, Ambassador Brown and Mr. Guéhenno.
(d) Using best medical findings to improve treatment programmes, undertaking careful assessments, effective case management and adequate follow-up support;
Our responsibility is to audit the financial statements.
The plan is maintained by field staff insurance, relevant UNHCR contributions and interest income.
(i) Miscellaneous income
Notes 8
The Board recommended that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations develop a methodology to determine the best number of staff required for the effective management of the contingent-owned equipment system, taking into account the changing workload of missions.
d In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/505 of 27 June 2002, the total amount of $18,068,667 dollars for the period ended 30 June 2001 was offset by an unencumbered balance of $12,488,676 and other income of $5,580,000.
In commemoration of the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, the Ministry of Women organized a national working session focusing on domestic violence.
I commend the Government and the international community for their firm work in close coordination in this regard and urge the Government of Afghanistan to take the necessary steps to continue reforming its security apparatus, while confident that the international community will continue to support security sector reform.
Reaffirming the importance of preferential tariff regimes as an essential mechanism for facilitating access to international markets for alternative development products,
The situation in Afghanistan
The 2002 challenge is to consolidate a fragile foundation for peace.
Furthermore, we believe that the indefinite possession of nuclear weapons by the nuclear-weapon States and States with nuclear weapons constitutes a continuing threat to human security and survival.
In order to make effective use of the remaining time and facilities allocated to the Committee, I expect full cooperation from delegations to enable the First Committee to complete its work in a constructive manner.
Agricultural subsidies for crops, plantations and livestock have reduced the relative profits of forests and have contributed to increased deforestation.
The Special Rapporteur visited the region in September 1994, in recognition of the seriousness of the conflict at that time, as a result of the complaints of different nationalities on various fronts.
The second meeting of experts discussed the legal definition of mercenaries, as did the need to revise the definition contained in article 1 of the 1989 International Convention.
Determined to encourage strict compliance with the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
At its 6th meeting, on 4 October, the Chairman said that the Secretariat had informed him that the proposals for Western Sahara, New Caledonia and American Samoa, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Guam, Montserrat, Pitcairn, St. Helena, Tokelau, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands had no programme budget implications.
The Government of Ecuador will inform the Committee of its decision as soon as possible.
If a further assumption was made that 30 per cent of the investment team would require 50 per cent of all risks for commercial lenders, while approximately 25 per cent of project costs would be covered by the initial payments of project sponsors or beneficiaries, then the investment value of $2, billion would be up to $2.7 billion.
Takes note of resolution CM/Res.1356 (LIV) adopted by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity in 1991 on the Bamako Convention on the Prohibition of the Import into and Control of Transboundary Movements in Africa;
At the Ministerial Conference of Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries and International Financial and Development Institutions (August) on Transit Transport Cooperation, held in Arta, Kazakhstan, the secretariat contributed to the preparation of UNCTAD's report on “The Challenges and Opportunities for Improving Transport Systems and Economic Development in Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries” (UNCTAD/LDC/2003/8) and provided an additional detailed account on trade and trade negotiations.
The two secretariats organized regional capacity-building workshops with WTO trade and environment regional workshops.
These items are of a high value or are of an exceptional nature (“ Valuation Items”).
Today, let us unite to rid the world of a chain of inhuman poverty.
We need to preserve the role of the United Nations and to ensure that all States, regardless of size, respect the Charter of the United Nations.
Are we in the debtor countries that will never be from poverty?
We firmly believe that these negligible reforms will give greater attention to the deliberations of the General Assembly by all stakeholders, which will also contribute to the full debate on critical issues that can be implemented more easily.
2003/3 Programme and budgets 2004-2005
Reference was made to General Assembly resolution 56/227 of 24 December 2001, in which the Secretary-General was called upon to strengthen the operational capacity of UNCTAD and other organizations and agencies of the United Nations system in support of activities in recipient countries, in particular in support of developing countries and in particular LDCs, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States; and whether UNCTAD would take any steps to ensure that its activities did not duplicate other United Nations activities in favour of LDCs, landlocked and small island developing States.
Iraq now has a Management Committee, the first of which is truly representative.
Both have identified the path to peace, and all people have access to the day of peace.
President Chirac (spoke in French): Sergio Vieira de Mello is proud of the United Nations.
The fight against international terrorism is at the forefront of Croatia's priorities.
The political system of the Republic of Korea is a mixed presidential system that contains certain features of the parliamentary system, different from the purely presidential system.
In general, there are two instances of violations and compensation made.
[Original: French]
Introduction 1 - 6 3
Draft resolution I
The MONUC Ituri Brigade consists of authorized 4,800 military personnel, including four battalions and ancillary units.
MONUC has taken a number of actions to collect weapons in Bunia and to detain some suspected private weapons.
Despite these challenges, humanitarian organizations continue to provide assistance in all areas of access and assess previously inaccessible areas.
The report includes, inter alia, a number of matters to be taken by the Forum.
In indicator of achievement (d), replace “best practices” with “best practices in the implementation of the results of the annual programme impact review of the Department”.
In target, replace the words “in accordance with the Millennium Declaration as a guide” with “the priority objectives of the medium-term plan, taking into account General Assembly resolution 55/2 ( Millennium Declaration”.
Also recommends that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, together with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, organize meetings, workshops and other activities at the regional and national levels on the achievements and shortcomings of the Decade for Human Rights Education, in coordination with all Member States, in accordance with paragraph 21 of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/70 of 25 April 2003;
Discrimination against persons who have completed their sentences
Taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/50 of 23 April 2003 on the rights of persons belonging to national or racial, religious and linguistic minorities,
Taking into account the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights on the elimination of violence against women, including resolution 2003/45 of 23 April 2003, and the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to the Commission at its fifty-ninth session (E/CN.4/2003/75 and Corr.1 and Add.1, Add.2 and Add.2/Corr.1, Add.3 and 4),
Sudan
Systems suppliers, potential donors and end-users, as well as industry users, service providers and international organizations, should work closely to ensure safe, seamless global satellite navigation, positioning and timing systems.
Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
FAO organized a technical meeting on enhancing stakeholder participation in the Facility in November 2002 to identify strategic approaches that could enhance participation in national forest programmes and establish partnerships for action.
The Secretary-General and his Special Envoy also maintain close contact with other members of the international community.
“In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to His Excellency Mr. Hoshyar Zebari, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Iraq.
The Special Rapporteur believes that the United Nations should play a stronger political role in the Sudan so as to support the current peace process and achieve lasting and durable peace.
He noted that the new body of the Commission for the Suppression of Abduction of Women and Children, the ongoing discussions on the establishment of a national human rights institution, the training activities organized by OHCHR under the technical cooperation programme and preliminary measures taken in southern Sudan under insurgents to strengthen the role of civil society.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are requested to contact the secretariat of the Committee (Ms. Alexandre De Barros or Ms. Ldia Bawar) (tel. 1 (212) 963-2320 and 9635973; fax 1 (212) 963-5935).
Dialogue and consultations must be held with regional organizations, political leaders and members of civil society.
(h) Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund on its first regular session 2002 (DP/2002/10);
“Recalling also the relevant resolutions on human settlements, in particular General Assembly resolutions 3327 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974 and 32/162 of 19 December 1977,
Under agenda item 14 (d), the Council adopted resolutions 2002/20 and 2002/21 and decisions 2002/240 and 2002/241.
At its 37th meeting, on 24 July, the observer for Cyprus also introduced a draft decision entitled “Enlargement of the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees” (E/2002/L.11).
bb In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/206 of 21 December 2001, the Commission on Human Settlements changed from 1 January 2002 to the Governing Council of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat).
During that meeting, we note with satisfaction the increase in the number of Member States and continue to debate on annual declarations and prior notification of ballistic missiles and space launch vehicles and qualitative improvements.
The sovereignty of the Falkland Islands will not change unless the people on the island wish to change.
Encourages relevant authorities to introduce curricula for children in schools, including mutual understanding, tolerance, active participation in civil affairs, human rights and the promotion of a culture of peace;
The case of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia is well documented by the importance of justice in the most difficult process towards national reconciliation.
Ultimately, the Assembly will need to take a decision on this matter.
1.4 As the lead department on terrorism, the Department of Political Affairs will work in cooperation with the Centre for Crime Prevention and Justice and other relevant Secretariat departments in the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
With regard to the Tribunal, it will liaise at United Nations Headquarters on request, in accordance with the Relationship Agreement between the Tribunal and the Organization.
(b) To enhance dialogue with all major groups, including women, youth, indigenous peoples, business communities, trade unions, scientific communities, farmers and non-governmental organizations, and to involve these groups in the work of the Committee and in general sustainable development activities;
Indicators of achievement
11.23 The subprogramme is under the responsibility of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Indicators of achievement
Strategy
In particular, the work of decision-makers has been supported and their policies and plans take into account social issues in the management of water, energy and the environment.
Performance measurement
Expected accomplishments
20.17 The main objective of this subprogramme is to assist victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies, including technical accidents, in the timely delivery of disaster relief assistance, at the request of the Member States concerned.
There is also a voluntary liaison representative of the International Volunteer Association, who will attend all United Nations press conferences for non-governmental organizations and submit periodic reports and communications on United Nations activities to the Board of Trustees of the International Association of Volunteers.
The jury subsequently made recommendations to the Government, which would receive strict follow-up and evaluation.
Ms. Rodríguez (Norway) said that serious human rights violations were being committed on behalf of counter-terrorism and that combating terrorism was being used as a pretext for the torture and repression of human rights defenders.
Introduction
“The Security Council expresses its grave concern at the fact that, on 29 and 30 November, ECOWAS and French forces observed that armed elements were attempting to cross the ceasefire line and the serious consequences that could arise.
Fifty-eighth session
Family: 36.8 per cent of relatives: 27.2 per cent of friends: 57.8 per cent of the same thing or persons working relationships: 52.7 per cent of their own (statistical information): 25.0 per cent live births: 1.7 per cent; and
They should be sent within one week of the date of this document to the Chief, Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza.
Older persons are not inherently vulnerable as a group, but the ageing process has forced people to adapt to their uncontrolled physical, social and economic environment, thereby increasing their risk.
Different groups specifically expressed their common interest, but they agreed that social vulnerability impedes their full potential and deprive them of their voice and rights.
There are no families who are exposed to medical costs and loss of income for members of infected families.
In situations of armed conflict and other disasters, informal support systems often disappear as a result of death, disappearance or forced migration.
The reference to “international responsibility” suggests that the draft articles review the responsibility of international organizations in the context of international law.
The Commission maintained an appropriate balance between the inappropriate equivalent of international organizations to intergovernmental organizations and, if possible, the application of the uniform definition of organizations.
Fifty-seventh session
The primary responsibility of States to protect refugees and other persons under UNHCR's responsibility; the core of UNHCR's international protection responsibilities is to protect refugees and other persons responsible for their temporary unwillingness or inability to exercise international protection mandate; UNHCR needs to exercise its international protection mandate in a more coherent manner; UNHCR must ensure the identity of registered beneficiaries as a useful way to provide protection and address their problems; and the systematic implementation of durable solutions, including through partnerships.
Given the increasingly close relationship between conflict management, humanitarian action, human rights and development policies, I re-evaluate UNHCR's position in the United Nations family.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts of the Government of Chad to continue its dialogue with the Chadian Democracy and Justice Movement and other opposition parties, as reflected in the following:
An important policy decision that must be taken to design super-priority for purchase-money financing is whether this priority should be given only to sellers of goods or to banks and other lenders that finance the purchase of goods.
Identification of the benefits of such priority claims can contribute to social objectives.
For creditors, a clear and predictable priority rule and effective identification and determination mechanisms for providing priority rights in the provision of credit are equally important.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The most common signatory is the Chairman and Special Rapporteur of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
However, in order to inspect all goods entering Somalia or from Somalia to neighbouring countries, there is a need for extensive human and sophisticated inspection equipment, and most countries in the region do not have these human resources.
The most busy airport in Somalia is Hargeisa, with an average monthly shipment of 8,000 passengers and 350 tons.
Calendar of conferences and meetings in the economic, social and related fields (agenda item 7 (c))
(d) Report of the Board of Trustees of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (E/2003/59);
Basic programme of work of the Council
Agenda item 113: Promotion and protection of the rights of children (continued) (A/C.3/58/L.23/Rev.1, L.28 and L.83)
The United States Government must therefore vote against the draft resolution.
Mr. Schurti (Liechtenstein) agreed in principle to provide support to the Office of the Special Representative through regular budget funding.
Ms. Elisha (Benin) said that she regretted the outcome of the voting, and she said that delegations had come together to change their main thrust by changing the title of the draft resolution.
Article 45, paragraph 3, of the Constitution defines discrimination as: “discrimination's expression shall mean differential treatment for different persons, whether wholly or mainly depending on the race, place of origin, political opinion, colour, creed or gender to which they belong, such persons are bound or restricted, while another group is free from any restrictions or restrictions.
Persons with disabilities are entitled to non-discriminatory and equal access to these services.
Resettlement services are provided by the company's headquarters and regional office media centres (including the Geoscience Centre).
In view of the different rules applicable to each group, the Regulations also distinguish between “children”, “minority” and “child”.
As of October 2000, 323 children had lived in childcare facilities, of which 173 boys and 150 girls.
The list of cases is classified according to location and includes 68 such areas.
The implicit mirror may be granted only in exceptional circumstances.
However, all high-risk pregnancies are followed by prenatal clinics in maternity hospitals.
Given the small size of the Maltese Islands (316 square kilometres), the use of land is a major challenge for Malta.
A mentor plan and partial support were also provided to provide student services.
Malta favoured the idea of culture as an expression of broad personal, social and economic values.
These creative activities are viewed as fundamental activities to ensure sustainable national development, because they have the potential to bring economic value to society as a whole.
Land and Marketing Notification issued by the Housing Authority in 1989-2001
Despite the major efforts being made, war, resources, poverty, HIV/AIDS and other issues continue to seriously impede the sustainable development of African societies.
In particular, I would like to turn to issues such as financial, debt, market access and technology and experience transfer.
In developing countries, the importance of trade will not be exaggerated.
These procedures also regulate the administration, surveillance and appointment of accredited associations.
It must be reiterated that all persons with disabilities have the right to protection, without discrimination, full and equal enjoyment of human rights, and that “any violation of fundamental principles of equality or any discrimination or other disadvantage against persons with disabilities is incompatible with the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities”.
Support was therefore expressed for the revision of the informal documents of both States and for the conclusion of a comprehensive convention on the strict prohibition of human cloning for reproductive purposes, on the one hand, and on other forms of cloning, on the one hand, in order to regulate them in the following ways: the option of future States parties or the prohibition or suspension of such cloning through domestic legislation.
C. Possible action by the SBI 4
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations and without objection, I will invite the Permanent Observer of the Holy See to address the Council in due course.
However, we must not ignore the humanitarian dimension of Iraq.
We urge the Government of Iraq to take the right decision.
Over the years, Member States have consistently called upon humanitarian agencies to take the front in forecasting potential crises.
Illicit possession of weapons of mass destruction, terrorism and aggression are often mistaken and poses a threat to the foundation of the international system.
This month marks two and a half years after the crisis in Israel and the West Bank and Gaza Strip, which is insecurity, political deadlock and economic damage.
My delegation will therefore make the largest contribution to the sustained efforts of the international community to achieve those goals.
Those who fought for justice, such as the ban on the presence of the United States Army on Vieques or for national independence, were persecuted.
He will clarify and further elaborate on such methods and the need to integrate human rights.
These extradition treaties are in line with section 13 of the Code of Criminal Procedure.
Table 21.32
The situation of employment and unemployment in almost all countries in the region has deteriorated, despite the fact that the most serious situation has so far been Argentina, Uruguay and Venezuela, which have witnessed severe economic crises.
Agenda item 121
Without such a strict distinction, it is easy to draw policy conclusions when discussing scientific facts.
earmarked organizational and external resources are the main source of funding for most evaluations.
The results are equally important in the process of relevant scientific policies and data collection (see www.unep.org/DEWA/water/Marine Assessment/reports/Iceland-proposal.doc).
Security Council: www.un.org/sc
Developing countries are increasingly interested in multilateral discussions in the Working Group on Domestic Regulations.
Cuba case studies.
In addition, the Secretariat continues to indicate annually the issue to troop-contributing countries.
In response to this question, reference is made to paragraphs 2 (a) and (b).
The camps and settlements were infiltrated by armed elements, and refugees were prevented, denied access or forced repatriation and access to effective asylum procedures.
In addition, under the guidance of the concept, the High Commissioner decided to convene a forum meeting on special arrangements, which would be a central issue for the Forum.
The issue of “Somaliland” also remained controversial.
On 23 July, a gunman opened fire at the United Nations aircraft in Bildere.
Combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth periodic report of Brazil (CEDAW/C/BRA/1-5)
The report showed that Brazilian Governments and non-governmental organizations had participated in the preparation process, but she wondered whether the report had been adopted by the Brazilian Government or the National Assembly.
Students preferred religious classes, science and mathematics were not popular.
(c) Training
Accordingly, the Panel recommends compensation for this claim.
General and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
“14. Welcomes the emphasis of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination on the importance of follow-up to the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance and the measures recommended by the Committee to strengthen the implementation of the Convention and the functioning of the Committee;
“Coordination of the implementation and activities of the Programme of Action for the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination
Fifty-eighth session
The key environmental challenge in the Valencia Sea is: (i) commercial fishing and its impact on the marine environment, the impact of changes on the productivity, growth and mortality of fish stocks; (ii) POPs and heavy metals gathered in the Arctic environment, despite the dispersion of its sources in different parts; (iii) oil development, the need to harmonize industrial development and conservation environments since 2002; (iv) increased marine pollution from the western hemisphere;
Several delegations expressed the view that unregulated fishing, persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals, seabed activities, shipping activities and dumping in areas beyond national jurisdiction, as well as the effects of climate change, posed a real and sustained threat to the Arctic marine ecological environment.
Multilingualism and public information
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue to develop partnerships with local, national and regional broadcasters to spread United Nations voices throughout the world;
The programme agreed to another study of global entrepreneurship monitoring, i.e. entrepreneurs need support to detect and seize commercial opportunities.
Mr. Xavier Petit, France
Mr. Yves Regez, Lausanne Ingénieurs du monde, Switzerland
Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights
Mr. Dummit (Romania): As this is the first time we have made a statement during this session, I should like to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference.
With regard to the model of verification, a comprehensive approach and a focused approach have been proposed and widely discussed.
Since 1987, a total of 2,450 Palestinian homes have been demolished in the West Bank (including East Jerusalem) as a result of failure to obtain prior building permits, resulting in the loss of 16,700 Palestinians.
There are currently approximately 100 loans in the portfolio, with insurance value exceeding $5 million; additional $3 million for 50 new loans (November 2002).
(c) The extensive programme implementation experience accumulated by UN-Habitat in a post-conflict and stable environment;
McDowall D., op. cit.
I am writing to draw your attention to the recent terrorist attacks against Israeli citizens.
Contents
Over one million students received scholarships in Eastern Europe, the Soviet Union, Viet Nam and China during the same period.
According to the 1995 census, 3 per cent of women and 5 per cent of men aged 15 and over completed the initial secondary school, 2 per cent of women and 3 per cent of men completed high school.
Between 1976 and 1995, the number of central hospitals increased from 4 to 8, the number of provincial hospitals increased from 12 to 18 and the number of district hospitals increased from 96 to 131 and the number of health centres increased from 294 to 542.
The Lao Youth Alliance will also explore innovative approaches with the Ministry of Health to provide advice and spacing services to adolescents.
The same curriculum for women and men, and the children play football, currents and other similar collective movements.
Indigenous adolescents have noted the experiences of our forefathers in the United Nations system and are familiar with human rights instruments.
As an observer for the first meeting of States parties to the Ottawa Convention, held in Maputo in May 1999, Turkey announced its intention to accede to the Convention in the first decade of the new millennium.
These debates have also contributed to defining and clarifying the different aspects of this issue.
Everyone knows, however, that if terrorists acquire weapons of mass destruction, what harm they can cause.
We are confident that we have seen only beginning.
We now conclude our consideration of agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
Chile supports the efforts of the Secretary-General in modernizing the human rights treaty system, in particular with regard to requests for reports, which have placed an increasing burden on States.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the feasibility of consolidating the accounts of different peacekeeping operations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“Security-related political-military issues”
The composition of subsidiary bodies should take into account the principle of equitable geographical distribution and the type of principal legal system.
In its first phase, the Committee focused on ensuring that States enact legislation covering all aspects of resolution 1373 (2001); they had taken steps to become parties to the 12 international conventions and protocols against terrorism; and they had established effective mechanisms to combat the financing of terrorism.
Transfer of environmentally sound technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(a) Seven chapters of the report of the Economic and Social Council for 2003;
The monitoring mechanism of the initiative includes a steering group organized by target countries, donor countries and lead agencies.
Fifty-eighth session
Taking into account other relevant General Assembly resolutions, including resolutions 54/225 of 22 December 1999 and 55/153 of 20 December 2000,
In the area of sustainable development and poverty eradication, the protection of public health and the strengthening of health services in countries play an increasingly important role, first and foremost as a factor in the promotion and implementation of these goals and, secondly, as indicators of social and economic sustainability of societies.
In order to make progress, we need a frank dialogue and concrete recommendations.
Mr. Thwaila (Fiji): On behalf of the Pacific Islands Forum members, Australia, Republic of the Marshall Islands, Micronesia (Federated States of), Nauru, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Vanuatu and my country, Fiji.
Individual committees can also play an important role in discussions from the bottom to the bottom.
A proposal that she submitted to the Parliamentary Subcommittee on Financing during the session of the Conference and the Senate Financial Committee would amend article 956 of the domestic tax law, and it was important to re-establish the Federal Government's decision to eliminate most of the tax laws established prior to tax exemptions.
CEB members generally agree with the findings and conclusions of the report and consider the recommendations acceptable in principle.
In order to better understand the barriers to access data from the global data centres, the SBSTA requested the GCOS secretariat, in consultation with the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), to prepare an analytical report on specific issues and approaches to these issues for consideration by the SBSTA at its twentieth session.
In particular, China is interested in purchasing crude oil from Kazakhstan and signed an agreement with that country in 1998 to involve a Chinese company in oil resource development in western Kazakhstan.
Article 10 of the Constitution provides that the status of international treaties is higher than that of Czech domestic law.
Law No. 106/1999 Coll., on Freedom of Access to Information, sets out conditions relating to the right to free access to information and sets basic requirements for information.
Resolution S-10/2.
The recent report of WFP/FAO claimed that the reconstruction project had led to a 12 per cent increase in rice harvest in 2003, partly offset by a sharp decline in maize as a result of last year's drought.
Integrated Management Programme for Childhood Illness, implemented by the Health Strategy of the Ministry of Health of Timor-Leste for Children between a week and five years.
The visit of the President of Timor-Leste to UNESCO's Paris headquarters and the visit of the Director-General of UNESCO to Timor-Leste enhanced cooperation in various fields of education and science.
Legislation on the basis of this policy document will be presented to the Council of Ministers in 2003.
The United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, United Nations agencies, funds and programmes have provided technical assistance to strengthen national police and public administration, with full respect for democratic governance and human rights principles.
The decision was resumed using the language used in the Secretariat's proposal (formerly Variant 1 (b), A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.19, para. 74 and reproduced in A/CN.9/508, para.
Fifty-seventh session
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also felt that the President of the Group of 77 and China did not attend this meeting as an important signal, and he urged all Member States opposing the process to reconsider their position.
Italy
The increase in the use of procurement cards and the use of Payed Net software has increased to $2,500 for all vendors.
The Controller is responsible for the implementation of this recommendation.
The Director of the Division for Treaty Affairs will be responsible for the implementation of this recommendation.
Russia believes that measures should be taken as soon as possible to restore stability in Iraq.
The development of a sustainable, non-polluted energy is a key element in achieving the goals set at the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Remote cooperation and communication between students and teachers and other schools have also commenced.
WTO
The administrative management at Level 7 is maintained.
Proposed programme budget outline for the biennium 2004-2005 as reflected in the conclusions and recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its forty-third session,3 and further revisions to the note
To date, only one country (Botswana) has been removed from the list.
Programme-related international organizations often consider statistics as a tool for developing, implementing or evaluating health policy makers.
In order to implement the Plan of Action adopted in June this year, the European Union has decided to concentrate its efforts on a number of measures.
The EU and its member States are actively engaged in a consensus in the Conference on Disarmament to negotiate a non-discriminatory, multilateral and internationally approved treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices, on the basis of the report of the Special Coordinator and its mandate.
Jordan's position towards the above-mentioned objectives could be summarized as follows: encouraging the elimination of nuclear threats in the Middle East and resolutely safeguarding the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons; proposing practical measures to ease tensions, build confidence and control the arms race in the Middle East under the auspices of the United Nations; accession of all States in the Middle East to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons; strengthening intelligence cooperation and confidence-building measures among States in the region of the Middle East and States and world' States in the region of arms exporters; and avoiding any violation of any treaty or national sovereignty of any violation of any treaty or national sovereignty.
My delegation recognizes this unfortunate situation and reiterates in this context the call of President Olusegun Bassolé, which calls upon the international community, during the general debate of the General Assembly two weeks ago, to strive to conclude a legally binding international instrument to regulate such weapons to provide non-State actors.
Other aspects of corruption discussed included the protection of “reporting persons” and victims, damages, extradition, mutual legal assistance and bank secrecy.
Deeply concerned about acts and situations affecting violence and discrimination resulting from religious intolerance in many women,
Such an analysis must be carried out directly by relevant agencies and programmes.
The Division should update existing publications or prepare the necessary new publications, if it found specific deficiencies in the publication programme.
Such an approach could not be seen as a reform and could only be seen as abolishing the mandate and objectives of the United Nations and marginalizing its overall role in the field of disarmament and the promotion of international peace and security.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate the other members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should provide appropriate administrative support to the Centre as necessary.
(a) Legal representatives of matters relating to the Centre shall be responsible for the administration and functioning of the Centre;
Uruguay had committed itself to contributing to the restoration and maintenance of peace in conflict areas and had participated in more than 20 meetings to that end since 1952.
Like many countries of our continent, Ethiopia is suffering for a long time as a result of conflict and war and its consequences, and it may be more suffering than others.
The project against the abduction of children was reported as another important activity by UNICEF in the Sudan with the Office of the Committee for the Eradication of Abduction of Women and Children, the Ministry of Justice and the President.
The Committee took note of section 3, Political affairs, of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, and stressed that programme managers must comply with regulations 5.6 and 105.
How can we contribute to the Organization's reform objectives, let alone promote peace objectives in the Middle East?
In addition, the National Women's Policy, adopted in July 2000, provides for positive action to increase the representation of women in government legislative and executive bodies and political parties at all levels.
Source: 2001 Assessment and Analysis.
14.5 Women and family planning in rural areas
In June 2003, in a press statement, the President of the Council reiterated his support for the road map and the efforts of the Quartet.
The above-mentioned resolution affirms the need to end Israeli occupation of Arab territories and to empower the Palestinian people to exercise their right to self-determination and to establish an independent State on their own soil.”
Abbreviations
In my last report, the pattern, which I found, is often moving towards off-shore sea and then entering Lebanese airspace from the north of the UNIFIL area of war, thus avoiding direct observation and verification by UNIFIL.
During the intersessional period, the Working Group also conducted informal consultations.
The implementation of the master plan for the renovation of premises should make it easier for access to buildings.
The report also discusses trends in the use of contraception by married women and cohabiting women in various regions.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 24 (E/2002/84).
While the international community has already a set of firm commitment to the survival of mankind, the representative of Morocco also regrets that more than 10 million people in the world are suffering from poverty and hunger, that climate change has caused stability in many countries and that millions of children continue to die from shortages of drinking water and sanitation, and that disease continues to kill thousands of people, the gap between rich and poor, and the unsustainable production and consumption patterns.
Other matters
Recalling the resolve of Heads of State and Government at the Millennium Summit of the United Nations to take measures, inter alia, to ensure respect for and protection of the human rights of migrants, migrant workers and members of their families, to eliminate the increasing number of racist acts and xenophobia in many societies and to promote harmonious and tolerant among all societies,
This trend confirms the decline in opium poppy cultivation in the Lao People's Democratic Republic since 1999.
Any corrections to the records of the meetings of this Committee will be consolidated in a single corrigendum, to be issued shortly after the end of the session.
In accordance with Economic and Social Council resolution 1894 (LVII), the following draft provisional agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission is prepared in accordance with existing legislative mandates.
The debate showed that, while progress has been made in the implementation of the Convention, there is still much room for addressing major issues in the region.
Concerns about control of soil salt and reduction of nitrate pollution from groundwater have increased.
The observance of this World Day could re-energize the support of States to the Convention and promote sharing of experiences and knowledge.
When travel is not required to stay at night, the allowance shall be paid for 40 per cent if the journey is less than ten hours, if the schedule is 10 hours or more.
Repatriation grant
The work of this regional intergovernmental organization involves a wide range of issues, including economic, financial, trade, transport, energy, environment and development cooperation.
Against:
Such a declaration requires States to take concrete action at the national, regional and international levels, including by taking concrete measures to apply the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Mr. Percaya (Indonesia) proposed a delegation to Mr. Arafat to assist Mr. Arafat in Ramallah to demonstrate the Committee's support for the Palestinian people and its inalienable rights.
Decides to renew the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for a period of six months, until 30 June 2004;
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 524-260.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures, including the improvement of the electoral law, to increase the representation of women in elected and appointed bodies, in particular through the implementation of temporary special measures, as provided for in article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, to achieve the rights of women in public life in all areas, in particular participation in the high-level decision-making process.
The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts to encourage girls and boys to make multiple educational choices, mainly through counselling, to help them fully develop their individual potential.
Concluding comments of the Committee
The Committee is concerned about the high negative impact of recent changes in British Colombia on women, especially indigenous women.
The Committee is also concerned that the “Indigenous Peoples Governance Law” currently under discussion does not deal with discriminatory provisions that remain in other laws, including matrimonial property rights, identity and family affiliation.
Emphasizes the importance of further enhancing coordination and cooperation among relevant United Nations organizations in the environmental dimensions of sustainable development, and in this regard welcomes the participation of the United Nations Environment Programme in the United Nations Development Group;
UNICEF is the co-chair of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Sport for Development and Peace.
With the support of UNESCO, the Pakistani Public Information Fund has established two awards, one of the “best reporting awards” for women journalists, and the other, the “most gender-sensitive”.
Research will be carried out in the media and peace areas, with special attention to Latin America and the African region.
In December 2001, an international non-governmental organization maintaining a formal relationship with UNESCO adopted the Action Plan for the International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World.” In December 2002, in collaboration with the UNESCO Cultural Unit for Peace Coordination, a project entitled “The Heritage and a Culture of Peace” was launched in collaboration with the UNESCO Peace Coordination Unit in order to find an ancient mark in local heritage to promote dialogue, peace and reconciliation and reconciliation.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 15 of its report (A/58/494) (resolution 58/230).
It also describes the fundamental features of the phases of the value chain.
From 3 to 8 May 2000 in Chiang Mai, Thailand, the Controller participated in the meeting of the NGO ADB Forum, organized by the NGO ADB Forum and ADB.
In addition, the Government is studying the possibilities of a model civil society to successfully transform prostitutes (particularly taking into account their vulnerability to HIV infection) and assisting victims of domestic violence.
In her view, the provision of care should not be regarded as the only personality of women, and in fact should be the joint responsibility of women and men within the family and society at large.
Elimination of all nuclear and chemical weapons in the world is a long-term goal of the United Nations.
The increased commitment to provide troops is not the only challenge facing the United Nations.
In many cases, the United Nations has assisted in post-conflict peacebuilding without deploying any military personnel.
China and India are largely on track, and the world is therefore very likely to bid by 2015.
Within the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights have intensified their requests to assist countries that promote good governance and strengthen their national human rights protection systems.
General Assembly
Its objective is to undermine freedom of consent and freedom of expression by means of violence and to destroy the voices of peoples, which are the foundation of all civilizations.
It uses the weaknesses and gaps in the judicial order in our social organizations and international relations.
Mexico will continue to cooperate in this global effort and is convinced that international law should not be regarded as an obstacle in the fight against terrorism and should be regarded as a valuable instrument.
* For the initial report submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom, see CEDAW/C/5/Add.52, which was considered at the Committee's ninth meeting; on the second periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UK/2, which was considered at the Committee's second meeting; on the third periodic report, see CEDAW/C/UK/3 and Add.1 and 2 at the twenty-first meeting of the Committee; CEDAW/C/K/4/6, and Add.1, paras.
The law also provides that the Committee on Learning and Skills should give due consideration to the need to promote equal opportunities between different ethnic groups, men and women, as well as those with disabilities and non-disability.
Other measures taken by the Government to promote the role of women in science and technology are: “The review of Lord Greenfin” as a strategic review aimed at identifying priority areas for more focused action to improve recruitment and retention of women in the field of physical and technical work and to highlight the achievements and contribution of women in the field of rational and technological fields.
The two General Assembly members of the Northern Ireland Women's Union also served as Vice-President of the General Assembly, with two of the four Ministers being female before the suspension on 14 October 2002.
See table 10.3-10.5 of annex 2 (Article 10, pp. 9-10).
In particular, the Government proposed a plan of action to address the low rate of rape reporting and convictions.
This document, taking into account the observations made in 1998 on the plan of action for consultations, provides a comprehensive note on violence against women and how to stop such violence.
In the case of effective international and local contractors that require unacceptable terms and conditions from the United Nations or management, or in the event that the re-bidding of such contracts would be cost-effective, management could recommend that the United Nations terminate those contracts.
Actual progress has been made in the tripartite process as set out in resolution 1483 (2003).
We believe that, regardless of the degree of progress made in renegotiating, the deadline of 21 November should be observed in accordance with resolution 1483 (2003).
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
The Secretary-General's reform and strengthening of the Organization's initiative are matters of common interest and commitment by all Member States of the United Nations.
That is to meet the special needs of Africa.
Clearly, for the moment, the consensus within the United Nations is a tendency to increase the number of non-permanent members elected, and we will support it.
Mr. Stephen (Australia) and Mr. Tanin (Indonesia) were elected Vice-Presidents by acclamation.
We believe that the Additional Protocol is an important complementary instrument to further strengthen the IAEA safeguards system.
Throughout the process of developing these systems, the Court needs considerable flexibility.
The first part of this budget has already stated that the Court will require more than one Pre-Trial Chamber, the Appeals Chamber, which may include the Trial Chamber to deal with the work to be produced by the Office of the Prosecutor.
• To propose specific factual assumptions on the responsibility of individual suspects, focusing on leadership levels
Performance indicators
• Effective support in the preparation of legal submissions by the Prosecution Division and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section
The Office plans to increase the second team in June 2004 and to increase its third in October 2004.
The importance of tracing and recording assets and monitoring their use from the outset cannot be underestimated.
This operation requires assistance to ensure regular access of field office staff to the Court network.
By maintaining day-to-day liaison and consultations with the Office of the United Nations Security Coordinator, the Director of the United Nations Office at Geneva and other international organizations, the Chief of the Security Officer also represents the security interests of the Court on international occasions.
The objective of the subprogramme is to continue to maintain the international level by using different methods to provide a detailed explanation of the organization's principles, objectives and actions to target audiences and the public on the basis of a proactive communication strategy; to create a favourable working environment for employees with high knowledge levels; to create an efficient public library and to provide documentation services to support the activities of the Court through information technology and internal networks.
(viii) To bring to the attention of the receiving services any matter that the Secretariat deems it necessary to require them to consider;
The Committee considers that the proposed contingency reserve is not an appropriate way to provide resources for the Secretariat.
Trust Fund for Victims
Several issues have not yet been discussed.
I am pleased to inform you that my Government has accepted the Agreement on Privileges and Immunities and has authorized me to sign the Agreement within this week.
Discussion by the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Extrabudgetary
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget)
9.85 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments on the assumption that Governments and international organizations implement the outcomes of Agenda 21, the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States and the World Summit on Sustainable Development as a matter of priority.
Table 9.36 Summary of follow-up action by internal and external oversight bodies and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
(d) Convention on the Marking of Plastic Explosives for the Purpose of Detection;
Reaffirming the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits and their respective follow-up reviews,
I would like to speak on this issue today.
We call for the repeal of the Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights, adopted by the International Trade Organization.
The Secretary-General has submitted his recommendation in this regard (A/58/556) and the Advisory Committee will report separately.
Agenda item 151
Stresses the importance of further strengthening the activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to promote and follow-up to the right to development, including ensuring the effective use of the financial and human resources required to fulfil its mandate and the better delivery of services and support to the Working Group on the Right to Development;
External factors
The members of the Committee of the original sponsors explained the background and objectives.
The law severely punishes sexual abuse of children.
However, some girls have finally completed their studies.
Other actions have been taken by Governments and civil society:
- Changing the mindset, which continues to be derived from old ideas in social culture, which have slowed the pace of progress for women.
As noted by some delegations, reimbursement for troop costs in 2002 was significantly higher than reimbursement for contingent-owned equipment; as troop-contributing countries could rapidly calculate the number of troops assigned to them, the contingent-owned equipment costs would require more detailed information.
A number of recommendations in the report were considered by the Fifth Committee and representatives of troop-contributing countries.
The Republic of Croatia, therefore, has formally assumed the obligation to combine the legislation as a whole with the provisions of the European Union, so that overall legal adjustments to gender equality must be made in accordance with the standards laid down in European Union legislation.
The Amendment to the Criminal Code of the Republic of Croatia on Trafficking in Persons, adopted in 2000 and 2003, provides detailed information on article 6 of the present report.
Source: Central Bureau of Statistics
However, if we consider other resources (local and humanitarian), the number of beneficiaries is more, according to a 1998 estimate, to 350,000 people in 1999, to 365,000 (Jurcvic, 1999 and 2000).
* The Ministry of Reproductive Health Services at Zagrebaedo clinic continued its activities until the end of 2003 and its programme was “Youth for reproductive health and overall health education” in the form of youth-organized courses, workshops, lectures and seminars in primary and secondary schools.
His delegation firmly opposed the inclusion of the item in the agenda of the Conference, as it violated the principles of territorial integrity enshrined in the Charter.
It was suggested that the distinction made by the goods from their original means of transport might be somewhat outdated.
An alternative suggestion was that such protection should be extended to all parties involved in the operation of the sea, including independent subcontractors.
One member of the Security Council noted that the Council should take a decision on the future of the Coordinator's mandate after the submission of its report in December 2003.
Four reports (S/2000/575, S/2001/582, S/2002/664, S/2003/614) addressed the return of all Kuwaiti property in Iraq.
Iraq is urged to return the remaining missing persons to Kuwait or return their remains to their families.
The Coordinator hoped that the efforts to locate the fate of the Skender would continue.
Misfir Mehana Misfir Al Sharifa Al Hayari
The Chairman said that he took it that the Committee recommended that the item be allocated to the plenary of the General Assembly.
Finally, we wish the CTC every success in enhancing further work of the national counter-terrorism coalition.
The means of promoting global markets themselves — improved communications, the use of the media, better transportation connectivity and faster international travel patterns have contributed to the development of global terrorist networks — which have led to the emergence of common hate messages that seek to achieve common goals and defeat immoral practices, and thus control civil society, in particular pluralist democracy.
“terrorism is a symptoms of social disease.
In many cases, the upgrading of posts has been postponed in the past because of budgetary constraints; it is now no longer possible to continue to delay and UNDP has a significant impact on the provision of good and able staff.
The United Nations Development Group will develop an implementation plan by September 2003 to strengthen the effectiveness of the United Nations system in developing countries, a component of the Secretary-General's reform.
At the Division level, organizational reforms have also been introduced, and in the Monitoring and Research Division (formerly known as the Urban Secretariat), the Statistics and Tools Section has been consolidated into a section for the Global Urban Observatory.
Monitoring functions have been expanded, including monitoring of urban inequalities in addition to existing city indicators and GIS.
The themes of development capacity will include analytical methods and communications, advocacy, networking and team-building skills.
PeopleSoft escalation in 2007 may introduce new features
What challenges lie ahead:
Since national committees usually use other resources as a basis for fund-raising of regular resources, this would have the potential to increase the fund-raising capacity for regular and other resources.
In view of the limited resources of the Fund, non-designated project activities are generally limited to assistance in preparation, multiplier effects and activities that may play a significant role in the overall development of human settlements.
The Mexican Overseas Community Programme of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs coordinates programmes on the basis of collaboration with the Ministry of Education and Education units and the corresponding departments of the United States, including immigration education programmes for children, young people and adults in Mexico.
In this regard, the Government of the Philippines has proved to be unable to effectively protect the rights and dignity of migrant workers from illegal practices related to highly profitable sex industries.
In Latin America, as a result of the same trend in the number of women migrant workers, UNIFEM is providing support with a view to establishing basic knowledge on the causal factors affecting women in the current migration process, so that information can be developed.
The management and documentation of major conferences constitute “centres and fundamental aspects of the daily functioning of the world's most inclusive multilateral institutions” (see A/57/387, para.
The Department of Conference, in consultation with the author departments, is working to find ways and means to consolidate the report and, on this basis, prepare a timetable for the submission of pre-session documentation for the fifty-eighth session of the General Assembly.
Human rights and gender perspective
The above table lists RFMOs that have normative powers in relation to the functions set out in article 10 of the Agreement, and 34 do not limit the powers to RFMOs that are often providing advice in scientific matters: these two types of fisheries management organizations can be parallel in parallel, mutually reinforcing: the International Marine Research Council (ICCA) advises the North-East Fishery Board, while the Forum is likely to provide advice to the Committee on Fisheries.
Impact on relevant or proposed international instruments
See, for example, decision II-10 of the Conference of States Parties ( Jakarta Mandate), IV-5 and V-2.
Resolutions on the establishment of the permanent secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties to the International Criminal Court.
Groundwater connections may fall within the scope of the International Watercourses Convention.
Stressing once again the importance of effective drug control legislation and national policies in demand reduction in drug trafficking and illicit use, in line with the international drug control system,
Iraq states that Facet did not deliver the goods in a timely manner, as “this material was sent and issued on 4 July 1990” and “the letter of credit was opened on 20 December 1989 and the delivery should be completed within three months”.
AOC claims compensation in the amount of USD 857,217 for “family temporary subsistence allowance” and covers compensation payments paid to employees who remain in North America during Saudi Arabia's work during the period covered by the claim to compensate them for the costs necessary to maintain their homes in both places.
Chevron Research and KNPC concluded a catalyst agreement for each device prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait; KPC, following its signing of the first facilitation agreement with Chevron Research in 1975, continued to act as a catalyst for the purchase of each device by Chevron Research; and KNPC has been providing all the catalyst for the purchase of each device after the installation has been installed;
In the light of the foregoing, the Panel recommends compensation in the amount of USD 75,287.
Chevron U.S.A. states that, prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, it paid US$ 2,762,640 per year's ship and mechanical insurance premiums, calculated at the rate of 0.003 per cent of the portion of each vessel's insurance value exceeding (evron U.S.A.
This case involves the International Islamic philanthropic Fund, which is based in Chicago and is organized on the Committee's list.
This document is submitted in accordance with the above-mentioned request.
At the same time, India reiterates its commitment to global nuclear disarmament and its commitment to the following policies: the first use or use of nuclear weapons against non-nuclear-weapon States or non-nuclear-weapon States.
On the same occasion, India announced the establishment of its nuclear command structure, including a political council, as the only agency for approving the use of nuclear weapons.
Since assuming the High Commissioner, I have highlighted this in particular in the Project Profile.
Indeed, in many national examples, poor countries are not fast-track in their own development or “growning” to rich countries, or they are in the area of per capita income.
The Court must examine, in accordance with its jurisdiction, whether the fundamental rights protected by the Basic Law are in conformity with its applicable law.
(b) Reducing the time required for the rapid deployment and establishment of peacekeeping operations in accordance with the Security Council's mandated plan;
An adviser is requested to provide specialized expertise to the Monitoring, Evaluation and Consulting Division in the design of inspection exercises to facilitate effective monitoring of military aspects of peacekeeping.
Some Parties further elaborated this issue and noted that the quality of information provided by the media in the context of climate change is “considered in general” (France), “the media does not clearly state the relationship between international negotiations and domestic commitments” (Sweden), or “the media has failed to play a role in disseminating ideas” (Italy).
Sweden stresses the need for people to understand and understand these issues and to know what needs to be done to address this problem and what they can play in this process.
Press media participation.
The proposed mitigation measures are divided into short-term (3 years), medium-term (10 years) and long-term (20 years).
Strengthening institutions and training programmes funded by donors must be an initial activity in this component.
Untreated effluents may lead to changes in ecosystem functions and loss of species.
(f) The Government of Egypt reported that human rights education was included in school curricula and/or in school activities.
The latter's almost unanimous view is that there is no individual right without corresponding social obligations or responsibilities, but that if these responsibilities are defined at an appropriate manner at the international framework and at the domestic level, there are some diverse and important benefits that the rulers or the rulers can obtain.
His Excellency Major General Ali Hammoud, Minister of the Interior (16 September);
The Convention applies to all other United Nations operations, such as United Nations political missions, post-conflict peacebuilding offices or humanitarian missions, provided that the Security Council or the General Assembly “declaration of risk” (art. 1 (c)).
Other documents
We also express deep indignation at the ongoing settlement activity on Palestinian land, in particular the illegal Israeli expansionist wall in the occupied West Bank and in Jerusalem.
With regard to the situation in the occupied Palestinian territory, including East Jerusalem, we would like to reiterate our serious concern about the continuing violence and excessive use of force which has caused enormous loss of life, material damage and unprecedented destruction.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in English and of the interpretation of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Risk assessment.
Thus, Syrian banking systems cannot have suspicious transactions.
There is some uncertainty about: “I do not have anything or what you have done?
One of his expertise is the use of toxic agents, one of the expertise of the training camps.
The scope of activities of Zakva is now not confined to this small corner in north-eastern Iraq.
We believe that this development is a very important contribution that will enable the Security Council to take important decisions and to make decisions expectations throughout the world with greater sense of responsibility and purpose.
I give the floor to the representative of Iraq.
Economic exploitation also refers to the manner in which children are employed to be harmful to their health and development or to their school-related responsibilities, or to the failure to comply with the following human rights standards: Convention No. 138 on Minimum Age and Recommendation 146; Convention No. 182 on the Worst Forms of Child Labour; and Recommendation No. 190; and Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Transnational corporations and other business enterprises should pay workers the remuneration they can ensure an adequate standard of living.
Spain Antonio Núñez García-Saúco, Francisco de Miguel Álvarez, Rocío Pérez-Puig González, David Melgar García, Eusto Pérez Garco, José María de las Cuevas Carretero, José María de las Cuevo Carreo, Francisco Iñázquez Iágá, I.
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia Miodrag Labović, Alejandro Tavciovski
The Chairperson of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights, Ambassador Najat Naji, introduced the members of the Expanded Bureau and the coordinator of regional groups, such as Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean, Latin American and Caribbean States and Western European and other States (the representative of the African Group apologized for not attending).
Inter-committee meeting
They recommended that each treaty body take measures to improve the correctness of press releases.
President: History
The Computerization Division is composed of one Professional and three General Service staff to effectively apply and continue developing information technology in the courts.
Mexico therefore requested the Court to adjudge and declare:
The documents annexed to the pleadings and correspondence instruments are being issued only in cases where the Court's decisions are indispensable.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 402, No. 5778.
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Once funds enter the banking system, even when funds are deposited into the bank is transferred to the country in order to obtain credits, it is likely that the funds are diverted to illegal purposes such as financing of terrorism.
With regard to general standards, his delegation supported further consideration of the proposed simplified job classification system and looked forward to the detailed report of the Committee to the General Assembly on the results of the effectiveness evaluation, which had been decided by the Assembly at its fifty-sixth session.
This partnership requires mutual responsibility: political and economic reform in developing countries, while developed countries provide support, in particular through assistance, trade and debt relief.
All twenty-six claimants were employed in Kuwait prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Verification and valuation of uncollectible receivables in the twenty-sixth instalment, in accordance with the methodology described in paragraphs 211 to 2115 of the First “E4” Report.
Report of the Secretary-General
Considering the need for a coordinated approach to extreme weather events and their associated natural disasters and disaster reduction,
I have the honour to transmit herewith a statement adopted by the General Assembly of the World Congress on Peace and Non-Violence, held jointly by the Indian Cultural Association and the Ganta Memorial Consulate in New Delhi on 26 April 2003 (see annex).
Appointment of members of the Credentials Committee.
Taking into account the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993, in which all States are urged to ensure the protection of the human rights of all migrant workers and members of their families,
The people of Estonia and myself, together with all representatives in this room, express their deep condolences to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Sergio Vieira de Mello and others, for their tragic murder.
Estonia has acceded to all 12 United Nations counter-terrorism conventions and is actively cooperating with many States and international organizations.
Articles 110, 111 and 140 of the Criminal Code of Bosnia and Herzegovina provide for the seizure of proceeds of criminal activity, including the basis and manner of confiscation, and the protection of destroyed items.
In addition to United Nations organizations and international governmental organizations, I have cooperated with many international non-governmental organizations, in particular the International Aviation Transport Association (IATA) and the International Federation of Civil Aviation Driver Associations (IFALPA), the World Customs Organization (WCO), the International Union of Air Traffic Control Units (IFATC), the International Coordinating Council of IAIAA), the International Association of All Migrant Workers and Drivers (IAA), the International Union of International Organization of Shipping (IFA).
English and French are working languages, but other languages, including Spanish, are also used in certain forums, including the Conference.
The first lender, which is the pre-existing lender or the seller of goods, has continued relations with the debtor and its business, and may give new money or trade credit advances to improve the possibility of recovery of its existing claims, may acquire value through raising interest rates for new loans.
There is a number of laws that introduce a default rule that the insolvency representative does not act within a specified period of time that the contract may be deemed to be rejected or not enforceable.
The insolvency representative may be an individual or, in some jurisdictions, a company or other separate legal entities.
(x) Any other matter that may be entrusted to the insolvency representative by a creditor or by the court.
As noted above (chapter III, A and B), the insolvency law may wish to impose confidentiality obligations on both debtors and insolvency representatives.
(a) Provide advice and assistance to the insolvency representative or to the debtor who presides;
(d) In the context of appropriate safeguards, requests for the possible prevention and use of procedures in other laws may delay the application of the law.
The failure of creditors to submit claims prior to final reports and accounting may result in different outcomes, depending on other provisions of the insolvency law.
Where claims arising outside insolvency proceedings are subject to consideration, such claims generally fall within a category of claims that could be provisionally recognized in insolvency proceedings on the basis of the nature of claims and prior to the dispute resolution (subject to application of the stay measure, see chapter II.B.3 (a) and 8).
Insolvency proceedings often require some professional assistance, such as an insolvency representative and an adviser from the debtor or insolvency representative.
Priority claims
The approach taken by many insolvency laws generally requires that the insolvency representative shall convene a meeting of creditors and submit accounts after asset changes and allocations.
The threat of a non-conventional attack has also become a normal aspect of Israel's daily lives.
We have not seen any practical steps to that end.
As a member of the Conference on Disarmament from East Asia, I share the views of other members of the Conference that we all pledge to resolve East Asia through dialogue and peace.
Calls upon all States, in accordance with the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Intolerance and of Discrimination Based on Religion or Belief, to recognize the right of everyone to worship or assemble in a religion or belief and to establish and maintain places for such purposes;
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur receives the necessary resources to enable him to fulfil his mandate fully;
The revisions include the overall orientation of programme 7 and the narrative section of subprogramme 4, Sustainable development, and a new subprogramme 10, entitled “Financing for development”.
In its resolution on the rights of children, the General Assembly continued to stress the need to mainstream a gender perspective in all policies and programmes relating to children (resolution 57/190).
At the request of the President, two copies of statements were circulated informally to Council members.
In the opinion of the Secretary-General, these credentials are in conformity with the provisions.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
In 1999, the North-South Development Initiative submitted to the United Nations Development Programme the first-stage feasibility review of Namibia, Panama, Venezuela, Mozambique, Ecuador, Argentina, Peru and Botswana.
The arbitrary invocation of exceptions by States in bilateral dispute settlement undermines the effective use of local remedies rules.
His delegation supported the principle established by the International Court of Justice in its judgment in the Barcelona Traction case as the main principle for the exercise of diplomatic protection by corporations.
Thirdly, after an orderly classification of State practice, it should be possible to determine the justification for unilateral acts or acts by States; the criteria expressly or impliedly committed by States, in particular those relating to the competence of organs responsible for action or liability; the circumstances and conditions of unilateral commitments could be revised or withdrawn.
The Association also works closely with the United Nations through the Association/United Nations Disarmament Education, Conflict Resolution and Peace Commission.
A project is being implemented with the support of Ford Foundation to strengthen the role of civil society in expanding reproductive health innovations.
A growing number of new Rotarys have been established around the world, with the fastest growing areas in Brazil, Canada, Egypt, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, India, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Mexico, the Netherlands, Nigeria, the Philippines, Romania, Russia, Switzerland, Taiwan Province of China, Turkey and the United States.
Mexico's approach to Guatemalan refugees could be an example of durable solutions for refugees.
For the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, Mr. José Antonio Ocampo, Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, will hold an opening session on family issues on Thursday, 4 December 2003, at 2.30 p.m. in the margins of the General Assembly Building in Vienna.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Alfonso Portillo Cabrera, President of the Republic of Guatemala
Framework Convention on Tobacco Control. Geneva, 21 May 2003
On this point, I would like to highlight the very important role of IAEA in providing technical assistance to member States and to note the progress made in improving the efficiency of technical cooperation programmes.
The plan of action emanating from the Conference will contribute to further confidence-building and ensure the continuity of good security records in this regard.
With regard to the implementation of the action plan against nuclear terrorism proposed by the Director-General, Mexico supported measures to improve the physical security of all nuclear materials.
However, the Agency's staff work every day in these areas and in many others in order to better and safer our world.
Natural persons have no place of business, depending on their habitual residence.
(c) Any alteration of an electronic signature after the signature may be detected; and
The Working Group may wish to note that, in developing the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, the view was expressed that such a definition was not in the text of the instrument and that it belonged to the Guide to Enactment of the instrument.
“15. The evaluation shall take two phases.
6.8.5 Where dangerous goods are to be used, the provisions of 6.3.3.
“3. States shall examine their infrastructure and identify their interdependent relationships in order to enhance the protection of such facilities.
Reaffirming the need to strengthen the scientific and technological activities of the organizations of the United Nations system and the role of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development in providing policy guidance on issues related to developing countries,
From Wednesday, 3 December 2003, by the end of the month, the President of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings daily on the work of the Council for States Members of the United Nations that are not members of the Council, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/512)
A/C.2/58/L.49 Item 95 -- Implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development -- Draft resolution submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.8 -- “Water for Life” 2005-2015
Paragraph 134, indicates that young girls provide the space they need to achieve self-fulfilment.
The proposed meeting of the Open-ended Working Group on Commodities could be held from existing conference-servicing resources, as a result of the cancellation of the original meeting held on 27 October by a Main Committee of the General Assembly.
In this regard, we note in particular the 2003 Human Rights Development Report that if the situation is not rapidly improved, sub-Saharan Africa will have to meet the goal of universal primary education by 2029, by reducing extreme poverty by half by 2147 years and by two thirds by 2025.
The seriousness of the situation in Africa poses a real danger to international peace and security.
That is Eritrea's understanding of the renaissance in Africa.
Developing country producers must overcome a number of barriers to use these growing markets.
We also hope that the Helsinki Committee will facilitate the work of the Committee.
This reprehensible murder resulted in the deaths of three Israeli citizens and some forty-seventh injuries.
“With regard to the ratione temporis, the complainant finds itself placed in a continuing situation, which undoubtedly arises from the entry into force of the Convention for Belgium (14 June 1955), but continued after its entry into force, as the related deprivation is `life-long'.
In particular, the Human Rights Committee and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights frequently found violations of a clause, and subsequently recommended a package of measures that could be classified according to the above.
In this regard, the Human Rights Committee considers that the State party's obligation to do so in accordance with the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights is still under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, on the grounds that the acts complained are not carried out by a State organ and are not enforceable by the Chamber of Commerce and Insurance, which is not affected by the State party.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination has also addressed the alleged discrimination in the loan market, 202 individuals use humiliating languages, 203 and access to public places or to public services.
25 Communication No.
See, for example, Committee on Human Rights, communication No. 505/1992; Acla v. Togo, Views of 25 March 1996, A/51/40, vol. II, annex VIII, sect. I, para. 12; 747/1997, Des Fourswalderode and Kamer v. Czech Republic, Views of 30 November 2001, A/57/40, vol. II, annex IX, sect.
Report of the Secretariat on the world situation with regard to drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
The selection of vocational school graduates is further trained at university level in order to become instructors and to provide management staff in cooperatives to continue abroad.
On 13 May 2003, by a decision of the Tribunal, Radio Bombolom was re-recording, the first case for several years of court to remove administrative decisions.
Commentary
The events of the past year have placed pressure on the nuclear non-proliferation regime on multiple fronts and clearly indicate the urgent need for concrete steps to strengthen the system.
An amount of $10 million has been agreed upon under this joint programme and $50 million fast-track credit is expected to demonstrate synergies between capacity-building and lending operations and between the United Nations and development finance institutions.
(a) Sustainable urbanization (policy framework):
HSP/GC/19/2/Add.2
The Special Rapporteur, Mr. Stephen McAskie, presented a detailed study on this topic.
(d) Conflict cases;
Bulgaria also signed a memorandum of understanding with Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, Romania, Poland and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia on the exchange of financial information.
Since then, there is no longer a joint central administration, whether legally or in fact, on behalf of Cyprus as a whole.
Greek Cypriot political leaders have repeatedly referred to the principles that should be addressed through a political solution to the island.
Priorities for the transition phase include support for consolidation and stability; restoring basic services and infrastructure; promoting human rights and local capacity-building; supporting refugees and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, Djibouti's gross domestic product (GDP) growth of about 1 per cent was confirmed in 2001 by an increase of 1.9 per cent in that year, and the 2002 forecast figure has also changed in this direction.
Article 24 of Law No. 770/83, penalizes the wilful financing of terrorism in another different form: “The recruitment, accession or support of illegal military organizations for the purpose of fighting, regardless of the form of armed or unarmed, uniform or non-commissioned”.
The security situation must also remain stable and conducive to the implementation of the Bonn Agreement.
Current arrangements include the period 2002-2003.
To date, some 300 km of fence has been built to enable Palestinian terrorists to infiltrate it into Israeli populated centres.
Germany regretted the recent upsurge in violence between Israelis and Palestinians.
The wall was not built along the Green Line.
The wall has trenches, roads and fence with its parallel extension.
The European Union maintains close ties with all concerned and is ready to help them implement the road map.
The Palestinian leadership must take practical steps to demonstrate its commitment to halt such acts by extremists.
“... the addressee cannot reasonably expect that the data message will be sent to that specific information system. ]
Proposed new section
However, in the area of legislation and policy, there seems to be no measures taken to mainstream a gender perspective into government policies.
Deeply concerned at the conflict in Liberia and its impact on the humanitarian situation in the country, including the tragic loss of countless innocent lives and its devastating effects on the stability of the region,
The overall theme of the High-level Dialogue is “The Monterrey Consensus — Implementation and Future”.
Draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.45 was unbalanced, as it applied only transparency measures on conventional weapons and excludes weapons of mass destruction.
The Monterrey Conference had highlighted national, regional and international policies and coordinated activities of organizations and institutions, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions, responsible for financing for development.
English
The consultants, cross-border inspection advisers and airport inspection advisers are being identified to assist the Sierra Leone police in these critical areas.
Children are suffering in particular by making them nightmare, urea, dysentery and sleeping.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that paragraphs 19 and 20 should be combined with discussions on special priorities and insolvency.
Governing Council
Also decides that the Working Group will make recommendations on how best to deal with the review of the implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields, including the format and periodicity of the review, bearing in mind the need to recognize the positive role of all relevant stakeholders in the implementation of the outcomes of United Nations conferences and summits;
Aware of the need to achieve greater coherence and effectiveness in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium and the relevant internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration,
Meeting of the Security Council with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The White Paper proposed the expansion of British citizenship to citizens in Overseas Territories, while requesting Overseas Territories to amend their local legislation, in particular those on human rights and financial services regulation, to meet international standards.
In 2000, the Government spent EC$ 5 million, mostly financed by the Bank of Anguilla and the Caribbean commercial banks.
In the above-mentioned resolution, the General Assembly called upon States, specialized agencies and non-governmental organizations to increase special allocations for grants and scholarships for Palestine refugees; requested the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, within their respective spheres of competence, to continue to assist Palestinian refugee students in higher education; and requested the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) to act as recipients and trusteeship of such special grants and scholarships and to make them eligible candidates for Palestine refugees.
Tunisia welcomed the recent report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Charter on assistance to third States affected by sanctions.
The Committee should focus on a more small number of issues and avoid diverting resources from issues that have been addressed by other United Nations bodies, such as the Security Council sanctions Working Group and the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
(b) Domestic stabilization systems
The protection of those who leave their homes is often difficult, since mass exoduses generally occur in situations of crisis and conflict where national authorities are unable or unwilling to provide most basic assistance and protection.
States recognize that they have the primary responsibility to ensure the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons.
KSF presented a copy of a book by Santa Fe Fellows and a full payment receipts issued by the company.
Mr. Roshdy (Egypt), speaking on behalf of China, Dominica, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, the Sudan, Swaziland and the United Arab Emirates, requested a separate recorded vote on paragraphs 3 (b) and 6 (e) of the draft resolution.
He took note of the fact that the President did not apply his earlier decision on rule 129 of the rules of procedure and hoped that the following statement would be recorded: his delegation's understanding of the rule was still provided with the Office of Legal Affairs and the explanation provided earlier by the President.
KFOR continued to provide assistance, as required, to international and non-governmental organizations working throughout Kosovo and to provide security assistance to support UNMIK police activities.
Along with this, India strongly condemns all acts of terrorism and violence.
Decides that, in accordance with rule 65 of its provisional rules of procedure, major groups, including non-governmental organizations;
Calls upon the Department of Public Information of the Secretariat to provide the necessary resources within existing resources to ensure the widest possible dissemination of the goals and objectives of the International Conference to Member States, including non-governmental organizations, national, regional and international media, including through the Small Island Developing States Information Network, in order to encourage contributions and support the International Conference and its preparatory process;
Article 61
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Legal Consultative Organization
The commitments made by Albania, Croatia and Macedonia under the Charter of the United Nations will bring them closer to meeting the standards of membership.
However, we still need to mobilize the necessary resources to jointly implement the various declarations adopted by all of us — which have been a great hope among our peoples of extreme poverty.
We renew our economic efforts urgently to complement new foreign direct investment, the transfer of official development assistance, technology transfer and the need to deepen cooperation with Member States and global civil society.
We are equally saddened to learn that Ms. Agrah Al-Himach, member of the Iraqi Governing Council, died as a result of recent terrorist attacks.
Recent events have demonstrated the inherent limitations of the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime in dealing with identified proliferators.
The vision of Jean-Mor and Robert Schumman led to the establishment of the European coal community, which was later developed into an unprecedented multilateral integration body called the European Union.
High pressures and accompanying acts continue to pose a major threat to international peace and security.
“(6)bis
Option
Some support was expressed for that suggestion.
The Protocol will enter into force in January 2003.
This database is available through the national statistical web site (www.die.gov.tr).
Rural women
The revised version of the document was submitted to the Security Council on 29 September 2003.
Also for these audiences, we are evaluating the evidence gathered to date by each suspect.
The President: I now give the floor to Prosecutor Jallow to respond to any comments or questions.
Mr. Mirafzal (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that Iran had agreed with the Secretary-General's analysis in his report (A/58/345) and his recommendations on strengthening South-South cooperation and raising public awareness about South-South cooperation.
During the reporting period, the Special Rapporteur has sent numerous communications with the Permanent Mission of Iraq to Geneva.
Furthermore, there are similar institutions in Hong Kong, the occupied Palestinian territories and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
2 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/58/37).
Provisional agenda for the ninth session of the Commission
On 13 September 2003, the Conference submitted the revised draft text for the ministerial declaration at Cancún (Job (03)/150/Rev.2), on which the WTO member States continued consultations.
Developing countries generally believe that the revised draft does not adequately reflect their interests and concerns.
Major challenges are to integrate climate change concerns into risk assessments and modelling.
“1. For those who use the use of force, threaten the use of force or use other camouflage aircraft or vessels, the penalty is 7 to 15 years' imprisonment.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
Summary
Response.
He welcomed the proposed mandate for further work on such measures, as well as the mandate on mines other than anti-personnel mines, and announced that it had become one of the sponsors of the proposal by Denmark and the United States on such mines.
Documentation
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
This is a good beginning, yet to fulfil our commitment to the rule of law, which will require considerable additional resources.
Over the past decade, the number of internal conflicts has increased significantly and the nature of armed conflicts has changed significantly.
It is hoped that consultations will be conducted as widely as possible within the United Nations system, but also within relevant institutions and civil society.
The paragraph also deleted “with special attention to emergencies involving these minorities”.
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, following a proposal by the Chair, the SBSTA adopted the following conclusions:
The FIU has signed agreements and memorandums of understanding with other government agencies in Colombia, Spain and Panama to exchange information on financial networks.
• A description and list of items for importing companies;
Also in December, preliminary discussions were held between the experts of the Council of Europe and local leaders at both UNMIK and the central and municipal levels and a process of building consensus on decentralization strategies.
A disciplinary code has been implemented and a recruitment policy will soon be approved.
In its report on its forty-sixth session, the Committee endorsed the recommendations of the working group established to prepare the report to be submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session, on the review of progress made in the implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III), and endorsed the new mechanisms and initiatives undertaken by member States in response to the recommendations of UNISPACE III.
This enables Sweden to obtain full data from all regions of Europe from Earth observation satellites in direct reception patterns.
The Latin American and Caribbean Group will participate actively and effectively to ensure that the final outcomes of the Conference are accepted by States, both in form and in content.
During the meeting of the Standing Committee in February and May 2003, two expert seminars on mine-clearance techniques were held in Geneva, the Geneva International Centre for Humanitarian Demining (GICHD), on the basis of which the final report of the Standing Committee was prepared.
6.7 International Test and Evaluation Programme: This is an international programme that helps participating countries to cooperate in order to avoid duplication efforts, specifically for testing and evaluating humanitarian demining equipment, systems and tools.
(c) To provide all necessary assistance to enable his Special Envoy to implement this resolution and to explore any possibilities for the full and effective discharge of his mandate in the context of his role;
In addition to the fact that developing countries participate in regional trade arrangements and bilateral trade arrangements do not diminish the important role they play by the multilateral system; there will be no alternative if a truly moving towards a non-discriminatory open system.
Finding solutions should take into account the real trade economy in specific countries and assess their characteristics.
International Telecommunication Union
General Category
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling decision 14/COP.4 on the reappointment of an ad hoc group on early warning systems,
Requests the secretariat, in cooperation with the Panel of Experts of the CST, to select three to four representative case studies in reports received by Parties and to submit them to the CST at its seventh session;
The other Main Committees of the General Assembly frequently use this approach.
The Advisory Committee recalls that the General Assembly, by its resolution 56/294 of 27 June 2002, appropriated an amount of $38,991,800 gross ($38,072,000 net) for the maintenance of UNDOF for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, taking into account the increase in local staff salaries from 1 July 2002 and the estimated payment of $35,000 to local staff travelling to Damascus and Camp Faouar on a daily basis.
Each year's federal budget has an allocation to protect the safety of stockpiled chemical weapons and to improve such security as an area of international cooperation.
At the same time, the Office for Equal Opportunities has applied a number of procedures to be followed by advocacy agents.
(2) Providing, or in cooperation with terrorist organizations, skills or know-how;
The Chairman said that the phrase “legal provisions” might give the impression that other laws were referred to, and that “legal” was intended to refer explicitly to laws dealing with concession contracts.
The day-to-day conflict ultimately affects civilians, resulting in socio-economic paralysis and deteriorating by the embargo.
This is reflected in Security Council resolution 1397 (2002), which reaffirms the importance of the principle of coexistence between the two States within secure recognized borders.
The destructive policies of these countries and the serious threats posed by these regimes, as well as the horrendous links between Iran's illegal nuclear-weapon programmes, hostile intentions and repressive regimes, are not well known to all delegates and the world as a whole.
According to UNOMIG, the overall situation in Zugdidi is generally calm.
I now turn to some of the Agency's work which the international community has focused on.
I usually hear donor countries, and I do not know what donors do.
He eloquently, openly and frankly referred to the sky and changes faced by commodity-dependent countries.
The above-mentioned Guidelines are intended to provide a normative, coherent risk evaluation framework that enables the Government to reach changes in threats with respect to the vulnerability of ships and port facilities.
In addition to this, intensive aquaculture itself has become a source of pollution.
In this regard, the Code stresses the importance of specialized efforts to protect other important human activities that are not undermining, degraded, contaminated and threatening the health and viability of these habitats.
Flag State control over its vessels must be strengthened.
See also the press consolidated material issued by the European Commission's Energy and Transport Division on 8 January 2003.
He also recommended that the Special Rapporteur be empowered to deal with issues requiring prior clarification.
The Committee recommended that the ESCAP regional follow-up should include efforts to promote regional and subregional cooperation; help to build networks of information exchange and policy and experience; resource mobilization; and disseminate best practices.
The secretariat has annually revised country databases on the basis of the three criteria used by the revised system.
Strengthening the capacity of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to fight poverty and integrate it into the field of human rights with a view to developing a national plan of action.
New York, 12-23 May 2003
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session of the Board.
Recalling also General Assembly resolution 32/162 of 19 December 1977, entitled “International institutional arrangements for international cooperation in the field of human settlements”, in particular Part VIII, “Cooperation with organizations outside the United Nations system”,
The Committee welcomes the results-based budgeting format, which includes executive direction and management through objectives, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement.
The Committee also emphasizes that the three subprogrammes submitted should strengthen the coordination of constructive partnerships in a comprehensive and integrated social-economic initiative for Africa.
Concern was expressed that the establishment of the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States had led to the proposal to discontinue certain outputs.
It was noted that statistics were one of the areas where duplication might occur.
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should make every effort to promote cooperation and division of labour with other United Nations departments, agencies and specialized agencies and to ensure policy coherence.
Table 24.13
Revise the paragraph to read: (c) To strengthen the knowledge base for sustainable development; to undertake technology transfer, to make more effective use of national and regional reports and other information on progress in implementation of sustainable development; and to use contemporary data collection and dissemination methods, including through increased use of information technology, to support the implementation of the outcomes of the multi-year programme of work of the Commission on Sustainable Development in all areas of Agenda 21 and the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation.
The view was expressed that recommendations 3 and 8 appeared to be too demanding and should be carefully addressed.
It is reported that social discrimination against Roma in many parts of the country of the Americas (except Colombia) is also frequent in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
On the question of appropriate and effective remedies, it is proposed to establish an independent court or tribunal composed of members of minorities.
However, it is difficult to develop international standards that properly integrate both measures without imposing restrictions on some countries.
They also outlined the work of the Office of the High Commissioner, including work on strengthening the regional network of national institutions.
Accepts the audited financial statements for United Nations peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002;
Group I
Reiterates its approval of the report of the United Nations Mission in Tokelau for 2002;2
In its resolution 56/219 of 21 December 2001, the General Assembly took note with appreciation of the strategy, which outlined the overall objectives of mine action and recommended areas that the international community as a whole should give priority during the period 2001-2005.
These three judicial processes are not mutually exclusive, but mutually reinforcing and can contribute to justice and reconciliation in Rwanda.
This record is equally important with the obligation to exercise legal and regulatory justice.
Under existing legislation, ICTY representatives have the right to give attention to proceedings and to the archives of the Tribunal, and the evidence obtained by the ICTY can also be used directly for domestic trials.
However, the United Nations has failed to act on Iraq and has failed to stop the bloodshed there and the United Nations has failed to address the worsening crisis in the Middle East in half a century.
The importance of the General Assembly as the principal decision and decision-making body of the United Nations compel us to give serious consideration to the recommendations made in the debate.
It was asked how could we support preventive efforts in such places?
United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea
Ecosystem approaches need to expand such functions and processes that must be taken into account in management decisions.
Invites civil society, non-governmental organizations and the private sector to further contribute to the intergovernmental preparatory process of the Summit, in accordance with the modalities of participation established by the Preparatory Committee;
The International Law Commission had previously considered the question of exhaustion of local remedies in the context of State responsibility as a “principle of general international law” in the affirmative of judicial decisions, State practice, treaty and judicial writings.
According to a right, the theory of a remedy, the injured alien needs to exhaust the remedies deriving from rights and may lead to binding decisions.
The subject is also addressed in C.F. Amerasinghe, Local Remedies in International Law (1990).
(a) The General Assembly decided to leave the current no-used air tickets to be available to the Assembly for the participation of the delegations of the least developed countries in the sessions of the Economic and Social Council, in accordance with the first-come principle;
Mr. Estrella Faria (Secretariat) said that, as indicated in the footnote, the alternative wording was intended to address the various ways in which the concessionaire might gain access to local service through studies conducted in many national legislation.
Prior to the submission of the twenty-fifth instalment to the Panel, the secretariat of the Committee conducted preliminary assessments of these claims in accordance with the Rules.
Although a number of claimants have received replies, no reply is consistent with these standards.
Contributions to development effectiveness at the national level
Recalling further its decision 2001/320 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to include in the regular sub-item entitled “Review and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010, under the regular agenda item entitled “Integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits”,
The review was mandated by the General Assembly and the approach taken by OIOS to focus on administrative areas where the Organization's production could be improved by streamlined.
The States of Eurostat reaffirmed their resolve to sign, ratify and implement the relevant United Nations conventions against terrorism.
The Bill deals with:
18 June 2004
In that resolution, the Council provided additional tasks to the Group and referred to how the work of the Group of Experts could contribute to raising awareness about the illegal exploitation of the natural resources and other forms of wealth of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in conflict situations and, in particular, the relationship between the problem and the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
Outcome of dialogue and cooperation with all parties
The fifth party, despite the opportunity, did not respond to the report of the Group of Experts.
Unless a regional solution is found, none of these recommendations can be implemented in a long term.
Slovenia has been requested to provide a response in the form of a supplementary report by 7 July 2003.
Taking note of the provisions relating to the family in the outcomes of the United Nations summits and world conferences in the 1990s and their follow-up processes, which continue to provide policy guidance on strengthening family-centred components in policies and programmes as part of a comprehensive development approach,
The present report is prepared in accordance with paragraph 6 of resolution 1390 (2002).
Mr. Mselle (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions), introducing the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions on the reports of the Board of Auditors (A/57/439), noted that the late issuance of reports and reports of the Board of Auditors' reports remained a matter of great concern.
With regard to payment of advances by the Central Emergency Revolving Fund, the European Union agreed with the Committee that the status of advances paid to the Humanitarian Coordination Board in 1998 was unclear.
If so, please provide the Committee with such information and similar information on listed entities.
If so, please provide reasons, amounts and dates for freezing or restitution.
In our banking and financial system, no other legal entities or natural persons (public witnesses, lawyers or financial administrators) are authorized to undertake any kind of financial activities.
Expressing its appreciation to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for his important work during the first three years of his mandate,
Second regular session 2003
It is part of a systematic long-term policy known by the occupying Power and its affiliated local administration, that is, not to advocate for the re-establishment of Cyprus and to give criticism to those Turkish Cypriots who do not have the occupying forces and become a member of the European Union.
In different scales, the work of “biod trade” is also designed to integrate trade and the environment and the environment of biodiversity.
This means: (a) possible integration of potential new knowledge areas related to the subject of development into capacity development work; (b) flexibility in designing action to adapt new issues or new models where necessary.
Concluding remarks and recommendations
The Doha mandate implied the international community's common commitment to reorient the direction of WTO and its pursuit of development.
The General Assembly should actively participate in the decision-making process of imposing sanctions on a Member State and follow up on its implementation.
These unilateral actions are contrary to international law and the Charter of the United Nations and create obstacles to trade and financial relations among States and impede the pace of economic and social development of the affected countries.
The Committee enquired as to the lack of baseline data for measuring performance in three bienniums and what did not propose a project to end.
Several factors have led to such changes.
(t) “Private person” means any entity, organization, enterprise or private legal person, any employee, executive officer, manager or official, other than the unit in which the official functions are performed;
Article 21
(b) Subject to the basic concepts of national legal systems:
(c) In the case of subparagraph (b) above, predicate offences shall include offences committed outside the jurisdiction of the State Party concerned.
Article 37
However, the requested State Party may provide assistance, as appropriate, within its discretion, whether the act constitutes a crime under the domestic law of the requested State Party.
(b) The subject and nature of the investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings, as well as the names and functions of departments conducting such investigations, prosecutions or trial proceedings;
States Parties shall [implementing] [implementing] measures to ensure that their banks and financial institutions maintain records of transactions carried out during appropriate periods.
During the second reading of the draft text at the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan proposed the following wording:
Those delegations were of the view that ensuring that the system designed for the Convention took into account existing regional mechanisms and to avoid unnecessary duplication as possible.
In figure, emissions growth in all sectors is projected for the period 2000-2009 (in line with the “measures” scenario), except waste management.
Note: A description of national codes is available in the annex.
These rates include remuneration and office costs for lawyers.
The last third of the retention of a lump sum is that if the trial phase was to be preceded by an earlier scheduled period of time, it would be used to cover the increased instalments in the month.
I have the honour to transmit to you for your information.
If an organization recognized as a terrorist is clean, its assets are confiscated and transferred to the State.
To date, more than 50 ministers for foreign affairs have expressed their support for the joint statement.
Under article 23 of the Convention, adolescents with mental and/or physical disabilities have equal rights to the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health.
Agenda
Issues relating to forest-related definitions
The process of preparation of this report shows that, while cooperation among developing countries has been very broad as a result of better practical and cost-effectiveness, most of those involved in collaborative practices have not been guided by institutional policy.
Many Governments have abandoned the issue of directives that prevailed during the Buenos Aires Conference.
Both African LDCs have expressed political conflicts and lack of financial resources as major obstacles to the expansion of South-South cooperation.
The UNDP field staff network has been expanded and these resources are being used together with key partners to provide advisory services to programme member countries.
In order to deal successfully with terrorism, work is required on three main counter-terrorism areas: first, preventing terrorists from engaging in terrorist activities (e.g. preventing funds for terrorist activities, combating fraudulent documents, and non-supply of weapons etc.) and, secondly, preventing terrorists from harbouring and/or extraditing terrorists (e.g. accelerating the conclusion of anti-terrorism conventions and protocols, preventing terrorists from entering into and strengthening law enforcement agencies); and thirdly, enhancing resistance to terrorism (e.
The development dimension must be an integral part of IIAs in support of national policies to attract more foreign direct investment and generate more.
Non-governmental organizations organized a national photo exhibition to improve women's profile and eliminate stereotypes.
Ms. Popescu Sandru said that she asked about the status of indigenous women in Ecuador.
In addition, the Committee was informed about literacy training and the retention of girls in schools through reduced teenage pregnancy rates.
The construction of the wall is a unilateral act that is not in line with the road map, as it makes it more difficult for a viable and continuous Palestinian State.
Institutional capacity-building.
First session (first and second resumed sessions)
The small and Handicraft Industries in London, Industrial Development Bank, 1976 (with others).
The Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Secretary-General of the United Nations and, in response to the Secretary-General's note dated 7 November 2002 and 14 February 2003, has the honour to inform the Legal Counsel of the United Nations that Mr. Peter Lobs, Acting Chief of Finance, Officer-in-Charge of the United Kingdom Court of Justice, is a member of the Committee on Budget and Finance of the Assembly of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court of the International Criminal Court of the Assembly of the International Criminal Court of the International Criminal Court of the International Criminal Court of the International Criminal Court.
Resident partners, Lilongweper Leblt International Accounting Corporation, Malawi
Convinced of the urgent need to combat organized crime and all forms of terrorism and, in this regard, to strengthen international cooperation and technical assistance;
For example, three countries with the highest level of private sector openness ( Tanzania, Mozambique and Djibouti) lack sufficient funding and are implementing structural adjustment programmes.
Frieder Prim Minister of Mali
The Chairman said that draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.47 had been submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.21.
Contents
Portugal supports the statement made on behalf of the European Union and concurs with the current wording of articles 1 and 3.
Financial contracts and netting
Such termination and set-off should be permitted to determine the net exposure of risks, not after the commencement of the insolvency proceedings.
The Chief Prosecutor expressed interest in a number of preliminary investigation reports made by OHCHR on behalf of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, in particular the mapping and forensic reports, which the High Commissioner agreed to facilitate the sharing of those documents between the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court.
(a) Develop administrative policies, procedures and mechanisms to facilitate the efficient and effective functioning of the system of administration of justice, including, where necessary, expeditious action to deal with complaints by staff;
At its 2nd meeting, on 4 March 2003, the Committee considered agenda item 4 (b).
(Programme 24 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005)
This report is submitted in response to that request.
There are currently two prominent human rights activists who are accused of treason.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Stresses the importance of the follow-up to the Programme of Action to ensure respect for human rights as an important element in managing migration flows, consolidating democracy and achieving the rule of law and stability;
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on progress made in the follow-up to the implementation of the Programme of Action;
Requests ECOWAS to report regularly to the Committee on the implementation of the ECOWAS moratorium on small arms and light weapons, in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 17 above, and all activities undertaken to implement the present resolution, in particular those referred to in the preamble to the present resolution;
Joint meeting of UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP
A number of country teams have participated in some specific aspects of the debate: Benin's participation in the debate on simplification and harmonization, Malawi's participation in the HIV/AIDS debate and Nepal's participation in the Millennium Development Goals.
Question of the violation of human rights in the occupied Arab territories, including Palestine
The Committee held a formal meeting ( 450th meeting) and the Chairman held a number of consultations and meetings during 2003.
The Panel has been unable to establish any direct link between these requirements and what is happening in Liberia.
Many witnesses reported to the Panel that many individuals were in a position to violate the prohibition because of their multinational or residence permits.
The evaluation identified some weaknesses in project effectiveness.
Promotion and protection of the rights of women and children in Nigeria in accordance with global standards.
3 p.m. 65th plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
Information was also provided on the situation of ethnic groups in Niger.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit an updated report and to provide recommendations on how to address the outstanding contributions of peacekeeping missions that have completed a net cash deficit for consideration at its resumed fifty-eighth session;
Noting with satisfaction the consolidated draft of the Inter-Organization Programme for the Sound Management of Chemicals on the basis of inputs from the Subcommittee on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, the International Labour Organization and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, which, following its consideration of the draft, may lead to consensus on the GHS,
Cessation of the nuclear arms race and nuclear disarmament.
It is therefore essential that we fully support that effort.
More must be done to identify those acts of terrorism that are caused by fanaticism or evil intentions, which are political or economic injustices.
The President (spoke in French): I give the floor to His Excellency Mr. Luis Nunest Del Ponte, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
China is also one of the victims of terrorism.
This principle is even more relevant when the world is at greater risk.
How do we do this?
However, some problems cannot give rise to an objective observer.
Another threat to international peace and security — you can equally correct our assessment — is vertical.
Group of 77 (at the ambassadorial level)
As Mr. Mohamed Bennouna made a few minutes ago, this arrangement guarantees the smooth discharge of the presidency's functions, which is crucial to ensuring the effective functioning of the General Assembly.
These concerns are: implementation of land law; forestry and agricultural concessions are insufficient to effectively guarantee the poor; some displaced persons should be compensated for road construction projects; and the relocation of children and poor people on the street.
This fact, coupled with the need to address vulnerability and risk analysis, reflects the shift from emergency relief to prevention.
Treaty between Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation on extradition of persons sentenced to imprisonment in order to serve the sentence of imprisonment (18 May 1995).
The above-mentioned act, which causes death or other significant consequences, shall be punishable by 10 to 25 years' imprisonment.
The above-mentioned act, if:
A/58/7/Add.13; final text is Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 7.
What we have been told by the Executive Chairman of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) and the Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA)?
Only after the threat of the use of force and the adoption of Security Council resolution 1441 (2002) — the last opportunity for the Government of Iraq, with unconditional, immediate and active cooperation with inspectors in the disarmament process — can some progress be achieved in this cooperation, but still far from the “ unconditional, immediate and positive”.
What is the meaning of the right to health from a legal perspective?
The third type of disease - severe neglected diseases - very little research and development in rich countries - is largely non-existent.
Global anti-terrorism standards.
Dissemination and dissemination of the Directory of Counter-Terrorism Information and Assistance Resources prepared by the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
Main conclusions
Detailed studies on adult sex workers were conducted in 2002.
A question was raised about existing practice regarding the use of certain types of transport documents, such as the “reproduced” bill of lading and the “buyer” bill of lading.
A general comment was made on the repeated use of the term “transport document or electronic record” in the various provisions of chapter 8 of the draft instrument, with a view to highlighting the differences between transport documents and electronic records, rather than focusing on the content of documents as intended by the Working Group's mandate.
A similar concern was expressed with regard to paragraph 12.2.1, requiring the text of the draft article to indicate whether the holder exercising any right under a contract of carriage would be liable under the contract of carriage.
It was further noted that the draft instrument should address other issues that might conflict with other transport conventions, such as those that were not specifically identified in the calculation of compensation (see paras. 258 and 264 to 267 below).
I should like to remind the Permanent and observer delegations that, for security reasons, the garage will be closed at 8 a.m. on Sunday, 21 September 2003, and to reopen the vehicle on Monday, 22 September 2003.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica (29 September 2003)
These activities reflect the increasing importance of procurement systems for national economies and highlight the need to coordinate efforts by international agencies operating in the field of procurement.
In line with the conclusions of the SBSTA at its eighteenth session, the secretariat will use this information to work in cooperation with ICAO on further methodological aspects for improving the quality of data reporting and to support the work of experts reviewing Annex I GHG inventories.
Action: The SBSTA is invited to consider the information provided in this document and, where appropriate, provide guidance to Parties and the secretariat.
In addition, the authorities requested that all air transport must take off from the North.
FAO and non-governmental organizations supported the reporting of animal disease systems and animal vaccination;
The Department's brochure entitled “United Nations and decolonization” was drafted in 2001 by the Decolonization Unit of the Department of Political Affairs, a response from individuals and organizations from Non-Self-Governing Territories, focusing mainly on the role of the United Nations in the Non-Self-Governing Territories, the work of the Special Committee, the 1996 Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, options for the future status of the Territories, and assistance from the Territory.
Mr. Requeijo Gual (Cuba) noted with satisfaction the comprehensive coverage of the press release of the Department of Public Information on the Caribbean regional seminar, which had also broadcast the parliamentary debate under the press release.
According to this provision in Swiss law, there is ample reason to freeze the assets of individuals and entities suspected of links with Usama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or the Taliban.
If the annex to the Act is changed, the EVA system will be revised immediately.
The possibility of providing assistance to other States to assist them in implementing the measures set out in relevant United Nations resolutions is being studied.
Potential implementation options
14.9 The recommendations for the strengthening of the regular budget component of the Office, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolutions 56/253 and 57/292, will be contained in section 29G of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
(iii) Exhibits, guided tours, lectures: exhibits and images, photographic materials and services (1); guided tours and collective visits (1);
However, the success of the Monterrey Consensus as a whole depends essentially on whether there is such a larger vision for global partnerships.
We must now work to reflect the spirit of partnership between the poorest and rich countries that we have seen in Monterrey.
Review of human settlements policies.
Commercial fraud may undermine commercial credibility and undermine industrial, regional, international banking systems, financial markets, international commercial documentary documents, international trade to country stability.
While cooperation with criminal law enforcement and regulatory sectors should be encouraged, business and business law can play an important role in preventing and combating commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal has also increasingly used similar powers conferred by the arbitral proceedings.
Internet and computer technology not only increase the implementation of traditional crime (e.g. identity, theft of intellectual property rights, violation of copyright, credit card fraud, software theft, tracking, extortion and other crimes), but also increased threats to business and government through attacks on key infrastructure (e.g. utilities, energy, transport and communications).
• Ensure free access to outer space through measures that apply equally to all parties, while at the same time avoiding the release of debris wherever possible;
They have repeatedly stressed that economic underdevelopment, poverty and social injustice are a source of profound disappointment and a reason for new conflicts, not to redress growing international inequalities, democracy, stability, security and peace cannot be consolidated.
They reiterated their conviction that, until nuclear weapons are completely eliminated, the members of the Non-Aligned Movement should endeavour, as a matter of priority, to conclude a universal, unconditional and legally binding instrument on security assurances to non-nuclear-weapon States.
The Heads of State or Government fully opposed the conditionality and pretext of these issues, which would limit the market access of developing countries, restrict aid and technology to developing countries or link them to multilateral trade negotiations.
Similar measures have been taken by the Financial Markets Board.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, we should continue a series of restrictive ballots.
I would be grateful if you would circulate this letter as an official document of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights under agenda item 11.
To this end, an independent court or tribunal shall be established and appropriate procedural guarantees shall be provided to minorities whose rights have been violated.
Considering that every State party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights must ensure that all individuals within its territory and subject to its jurisdiction enjoy the rights recognized in the Covenant,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. IV A, para.
Some $6.5 million will be used for civilian staff training, some $17.5 million for peacekeeping military training.
In practice, all commercial banks and financial institutions in Thailand follow the guidelines in the circular and report their actions to their banks.
Addressing violence against women is an essential component of the HIV/AIDS strategy.
(b) To undertake campaigns and engage media and eminent persons to serve as a good example of men's role in increasing men's involvement in HIV/AIDS care and support activities;
Notes
Ibid.
UNFPA has assisted in the development of a national population policy and updating census information, which is critical to better understand socio-economic and demographic issues for the preparation of the plan.
In the World Bank, the Advisory Group met with Mr. Balliso, Vice-President and Director of the Regional Bureau for Africa; Ms. Mary Barton-Dock, National Coordinator; and Mr. Marcelo Andrade, Head of the World Bank, Guinea-Bissau.
- Act No. 70-209 of 20 March 1970, regulating financial regulations in 1970;
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a letter dated 15 January 2003 addressed to you by Reşat Çağlar, Representative of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (see annex).
Subsequently, the Advisory Group also expressed support for this and facilitated development assistance to Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Regional preparatory meetings for CRIC 1
For the first time, the UNCCD implementation was discussed among all affected European Parties.
At the first session of the CRIC, a consultative meeting was held in Rome, Italy, in November 2002, with the aim of producing an analysis of the needs and proposals of each of the countries in Annex IV and identifying further measures.
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council adopted Ambassador Amorim's recommendation to address outstanding reductions in armaments within the framework of the enhanced monitoring and verification mechanism.
A number of representatives commended the Executive Director for the comprehensive report and expressed their support for the approach outlined in the proposed programme of work.
The Committee of the Whole will consider the item referred to in paragraph 2 above from Tuesday, 8 April to Friday, 11 April 2003.
Ensuring the security of information contained in the information system is a major factor and a prerequisite for ensuring information security, national and national sovereignty and stable social development.
Decides to establish the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (MINUCI), for an initial period of six months, to facilitate the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement by the Ivorian parties and to include in the Mission a military component, in cooperation with the actions of the French and ECOWAS forces, in accordance with the options proposed in the report of the Secretary-General;
In accordance with resolution 1460 (2003), parties to conflict that recruit or use children in violation of international obligations applicable to them immediately cease the recruitment or use of children;
We are greatly encouraged by the letter from Mr. Ordzhonikidze, Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Kofi Annan, read out at this meeting on 21 January, as we will formally introduce this recommendation.
“In reading the report of the 2001 annual session, I have a paradoxical sentiment.
Children continue to be the main victims of conflict.
In Sierra Leone in 1999, my Special Representative received a commitment from the RUF to allow access and release of abducted children and child soldiers for humanitarian purposes, while the Civil Defence Force has made a commitment not to recruit and demobilize child soldiers.
In its resolution 1460 (2003), the Council supported the “era of implementation” and requested specific proposals for monitoring and reporting.
The situation in Somalia
Since the outbreak of hostilities on Iraqi territory, time has elapsed.
For its part, Japan will actively ensure that the United Nations fulfil its primary responsibility to deliver it so as to find ways to meet the challenges facing the international community.
It is not an issue for disarmament experts.
In paragraph 6 of decision 9, the Governing Council determined that the claimant submitting a claim to the Committee had a responsibility to take reasonable steps to mitigate the loss, “the total loss to be compensated would be less likely to reasonably avoid”.
There has also been significant progress on strengthening the United Nations standby arrangements for military personnel, civilian police and civilian personnel and procurement and management of strategic deployment stocks at the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy.
Education is another major consideration because poor households generally do not have equal access to education or, in some cases, do not have any opportunity.
If migrants do not meet time requirements, social welfare requirements may jeopardize the rights of migrants and the rights of their families to remain in host countries.
Urban migration has eroded inter-generational support for many years for indigenous peoples and cut off relations with traditional areas.
In a number of countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, poor older persons are considered particularly vulnerable to abandonment, and many of them live in conjunction with their families soon after leaving the labour market, thereby losing material support.
Such a legal framework generally does not protect indigenous peoples' traditional knowledge and cultural heritage, as indigenous peoples stress common ownership of all their resources.
The inconsistency between development policies and international cooperation is alarming.
Recalling further its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Taking into account:
International Association for Accounting Education and Research
As explained in note 136 of the present report, the Board will also consider the issue of claim preparation costs in the future.
In one claim, compensation is sought for the amounts involved in goods sold to Iraq under a contract of sale with agents in a third State.
E2(3) report, paragraph 82 (citing E2(2) report, paragraph 60 and F1.1(1) report, paragraphs 94 to 96).
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to forward to you, on the decision of the International Court of Justice on Honduras-El Salvador, a document dated 30 April 2003 entitled “Appointment by the Organization of American States of technical experts to assist in the demarcation of the El-Honduras border”.
UNHCR assisted refugees, especially women and female heads of household, to obtain adequate housing, which constitutes a major vulnerable group.
See http://www.unicef.org/programmes/wesm.htm.
UNCTAD could play an important role in promoting a North-South consensus on the multilateral trading system, identifying approaches to trade and development in balancing North-South benefits, assisting developing countries in preparing for and developing national trade policies for multilateral trade negotiations.
The specific application of the above-mentioned provisions would, in each particular case, look at the complexity and details of the request and, if it was not possible to meet the established time limit, it would agree with the requesting party on the schedule.
American Samoa's largest trading partner is the United States, followed by New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine: amendment to draft resolution A/C.4/58/L.9/Rev.1
The security wall has serious human rights problems.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly found that new settlements are still being built and existing settlements continue to expand.
Second supplementary report submitted by the Government of the Republic of Moldova to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC) pursuant to a letter dated 11 July 2003 from the Chairman of the Security Council Counter-Terrorism Committee
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. Cumberbach Miguén (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation would like to point out that the adoption of draft resolution A/58/L.39 on the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations does not imply my country's endorsement of the adoption of resolution A/58/L.39 on the strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations, which we have not adequately discussed within the framework of our Organization's work, because of their ambiguity, we may be distressed principles and the General Assembly resolution 46/182.
The General Assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 40.
Paragraphs 3 to 8 contain its comments on the completion strategy developed by the Tribunal.
Table 6 (para. 45 of the report) provides an increase of $13.2 million in income.
However, the main purpose of verification should not be forgotten due to economic constraints.
The President: There were 15 votes in favour.
We know the conclusion of the ABM Treaty as the cornerstone of international security.
In the case of acts of terror perpetrated by extremist groups or individuals, regardless of their magnitude, powerful States should not exercise their inherent legitimate right to self-defence, unilaterally launching unpredictable war, which may be global and unpredictable, as countless innocent civilians may die from this war.
It is only counterproductive to shy away from the most important issue of defining the meaning of this law.
In recent national elections, a campaign funded by the Government encouraged voters to vote for women.
In Ghana, the close relationship between the Millennium Development Goals and national poverty reduction strategy papers is a major feature of the country's first MDG report.
As a result of its participation in the chemical precursors project of the Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission, the assistance of the Legal Counsel of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) in the preparation of the new draft legislation was received.
Within this framework, the Executive Board is also requested to approve the establishment of a funded reserve for after-service health insurance.
The Meeting heard a comprehensive presentation of completed national assessments and a summary of outstanding reports, an overview of the achievements of the Caribbean region in achieving sustainable development, the ongoing challenges in the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action and emerging issues.
The meeting was informed that a number of research projects were being undertaken in the fields of molecular biology, biotechnology and medicine.
Article 129
Measures to deal with law enforcement at the South Pacific Forum level have been in place in the region.
The objective should be to develop management mechanisms with better understanding of resources and their environment.
Item 42 of the provisional agenda*
The progress made during the preliminary report on the follow-up to the special session on children has been comprehensive and regional; highlights the actions already taken in the four main areas; and call for further efforts to achieve “A world fit for children”.
They also prepared a statement to civil society organizations in the Government, non-governmental organizations and the region, urging them to support their meaningful participation.
Noting the growing recognition within the international community of the negative impact of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations on the full enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms and the establishment of the rule of law and democratic freedoms, in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and the provisions of the International Covenants on Human Rights,
IRS International Rubber Research Group II
Emphasizing the temporary nature of UNIFIL,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
(continued)
Recalling also General Assembly resolutions 56/1 of 12 September 2001 and 57/277 of 19 November 2002, in which the Assembly strongly condemned the heinous acts of terrorism that took place on 11 September 2001, and, in the latter resolution, condemned the appalling acts of terrorism in Bamari and Moscow and urgently called upon the Security Council to prevent and eliminate terrorism,
New York, 9-13 June 2003
Post-conflict efforts have become a key component of the global activities of UNDP and the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF).
The decision was taken to allocate the items proposed for consideration by the Fifth Committee in the Secretary-General's memorandum.
Fifty-fifth session
The United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity addresses sustainable capacity in biotechnology.
New biotechnology can complement these obsolete technologies and enhance their effectiveness.
It is inconceivable that the issue of financial sovereignty in the Cayman Islands will be resolved during both visits.
Participation of all nuclear-weapon States, as appropriate, in the process leading to the total elimination of their nuclear weapons.
The social dimension of protection requires all refugee individuals, groups and communities themselves to be targeted actors and engage in planning and decision-making at all stages.
It will examine the more strategic use of resettlement and the use of resettlement within the framework of additional documents of the Convention, as well as the collaborative work programme for countries that have volunteered to promote “special agreements”.
This does not apply, however, to refugees who have a security threat or have been sentenced by a legal tribunal for particularly serious crimes.
Encourages parents and legal guardians to make every effort to ensure that their children's education benefits:
At that time in many parts of the world, numerous ethnic and religious violence had erupted in the territory of the former Soviet Union, in the former Yugoslavia and in Asia, Africa and Central America.
S-19/2 Further implementation of Agenda 21
Health services in Nepal are based on an integrated primary health care and referral system.
In addition, new actions are being taken in the area of health.
At the policy level, for example, senior female administrative staff accounted for only 4.02 per cent (table 1).
The number of schools and students at all levels is steadily increasing (table 5).
In the secondary school (11 to 13 age group), the net enrolment rate for girls dropped to 26.2 per cent for boys to 36.5 per cent, indicating that more than two thirds of children in the age group were denied access to education.
Mainstreaming Gender Equality Programme (Mine of Women, Children and Social Welfare) 2001: Engendering Civil Service with Specverance to Prosecutorial and Energy in Administrative Services, Kathmandu.
Unfortunately, after decades of occupation, bloodshed and contempt for international legitimacy, the representative of Israel has not been aware that the path of peace depends on the implementation of 37 Security Council resolutions on the Arab-Israeli conflict and almost 600 General Assembly resolutions on the same issue.
We will not re-evaluate our policy with threats.
The United Nations efforts to stabilize, democratize and rebuild Iraq have received our full support, and I also commend United Nations staff for their courageous and unrelenting work.
The United Nations should seize this opportunity through an objective and rational implementation of a programme, rather than through artillery or spraying of antiquities, or through the mobilization of large numbers of troops to destroy the abhorrent regime.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Board called upon all States members of the Authority and others in a position to do so to contribute to the Voluntary Trust Fund.
In this regard, my delegation wishes to emphasize the importance of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/184) and to report clearly warning us that, despite the measures taken by States to date, these measures are still insufficient to prevent the negative effects of this epidemic on society and to reduce the number of new cases.
Progress report on the Wolburg Group on Service Statistics (E/CN.3/2004/11) and progress report of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Statistics of International Trade in Services (conference room paper).
In accordance with rule 9 of the rules of procedure, the Committee will have before it the draft provisional agenda for its forty-third session and the list of documents to be submitted for its consideration.
This initiative has created a model for other countries of the world and should be supported by the new Government.
(o) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur on the right to food (A/58/330)
In a written and oral statement, the representative of Burundi referred to the dire socio-economic situation that had been taking place since 1993 in the country, which had prevented Burundi from paying its arrears to the United Nations.
In its written and oral statements, the Central African Republic noted its serious economic and social problems, partly due to earlier internal conflicts and security problems.
The meeting was called to order at 3.05 p.m.
Therefore, the United States intends to work actively in the Fifth Committee to ensure that this draft resolution will not be presented with additional budgets.
3.3 Innovative approaches to mobilizing resources for TCDC and OECD (including resources from donors and other sources in developing country Governments, triangular arrangements).
Fifty-eighth session
Paragraphs Page
(o) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas;
(s) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions [P.119]:
(a) Develop effective national legislation, policies and plans of action and strengthen relevant governmental institutions for children, including, where appropriate, appointing ministers and independent commissioners for the promotion of children's rights;
A/58/282.
It was said that it would help to avoid a more visible issue arising from electronic commerce and not lose sight of the important objective of the draft article.
The Working Group took note of this suggestion on the drafting of the draft and agreed that it could be considered at a later stage.
As of today, civil society and the private sector fully support the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which has added benefits to many countries, which are deepening their commitment to NEPAD.
Angola is ready to continue its involvement in regional and subregional programmes, such as connectivity, to enhance African countries' capacity to better respond to the challenges facing NEPAD.
As part of a better management and strengthened monitoring and evaluation system, CPC has increased its evaluation of programme performance, which will ensure that the Organization moves in the right direction and strengthen its oversight role in this area.
We have not seen progress, and we see a departure from a peaceful resolution and a reversal in negotiations.
Strengthening the capacity of the Sierra Leone police
Each of the words of the plan is determined after several times of refinement, careful consideration and full balance.
This would lead to the re-establishment of a predictable and unrestricted business environment, which has had a serious negative impact on investor confidence.
33 Turks and Caicos Week, 13-26 January 2001.
Support was expressed for the proposal under this paragraph.
I would like to take this opportunity to reiterate the thanks of the people of Côte d'Ivoire and the Government of Côte d'Ivoire to Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his tireless work on peace in the world and for the restoration of peace in Côte d'Ivoire, and to make every effort to provide their personal support.
Our accession to the 12 United Nations conventions and protocols relating to terrorism is in its final stages.
The Kosovo Assembly adopted an insolvency law on 13 March.
(g) Conscientious objection to military service 313 - 405 38
Noting that, despite progress, the implementation of the settlement plan remains difficult,
Welcoming the proclamation by the General Assembly in its resolution 56/6, of the Global Agenda for Dialogue among Civilizations and inviting States, organizations and bodies of the United Nations system, within existing resources, as well as other international and regional organizations and civil society to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action contained in that resolution,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session on the overall trends and developments in his mandate and to submit a complete report to the sixtieth session of the Commission and to include in the addendum all replies received from Governments in any of the official languages of the United Nations;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, within existing resources and in cooperation with the Governments concerned, to hold a further consultative meeting with all Member States, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council to finalize the “Basic principles and guidelines on the right to compensation for victims of serious violations of human rights and international humanitarian law” and to consider, as appropriate, options for the adoption of these guidelines;
Notes with satisfaction the progress made in the construction of a democratic society in many countries of the world to better achieve civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights;
Takes note with interest of the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on human rights and mass exoduses (E/CN.4/2003/84);
Welcomes the High Commissioner's commitment to jointly organize a seminar with the United Nations Development Programme prior to the sixty-first session of the Commission on the use of extrabudgetary resources to explore practical approaches and activities to effectively strengthen good governance practices for human rights at the national level, as requested by the Committee in paragraph 3 of its resolution 2001/72 and paragraph 4 of its resolution 2002/76;
Reaffirms the importance of peace, security, stability and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to development and respect for cultural diversity, for sustainable development and for the benefit of all, as expressed in the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development;
Decides to continue its consideration of this question at its sixtieth session under the same agenda item.
Expressing satisfaction that the people of the northern region of Somalia, while facing difficulties, still enjoy relative peace and stability and receive basic services,
Prevention of the circulation of and abuse of small arms and light weapons
Legislative authority: Commission resolutions 2002/28, 2002/30, 2002/30, 2003/17, 2003/19, 2003/21, 2003/23, 2003/24, 2003/25, 2003/26, 2003/27, 2003/289, 2003/244.
At its 63rd meeting, on 25 April 2003, the Committee considered the draft report on the work of its fifty-ninth session.
Death penalty (resolution 2003/67) 231
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003/64) 26
Strengthening the working methods of the Committee (decision 2003/101) 301
We commit ourselves to working to minimize the current marginalization and to achieve the beneficial development of landlocked developing countries into the global economy.
Pre-deployment medical costs payable under current methods will be retained.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration adopted by the World Food Summit, held in Rome from 10 to 13 June 2002,
Accordingly, the Committee expects considerable savings during this period.
Nevertheless, this remains a moment of great opportunity, and the international community at the Johannesburg World Summit had identified a sustainable and comprehensive issue; the International Conference on Financing for Development, held in Monterrey, Mexico, had identified new directions for financing and international cooperation.
Invites donor countries, international financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, to provide financial support and expertise for the implementation of regional seas programmes within existing resources;
Recognizing also the need for greater transparency and predictability in the implementation of programmes at the regional and subregional levels,
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
Emphasizing the agreement of the World Conference on Human Rights to call upon the international community to make every effort to alleviate the debt burden of developing countries in order to complement the efforts of their Governments to achieve the full realization of their economic, social and cultural rights,
Also recognizes that the promotion and protection of the full enjoyment of cultural rights and the promotion of different cultural identities are a key element in the process of globalization;
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an annual report to the Commission on the activities carried out under his mandate and to submit a midterm report to the General Assembly;
Explanations: Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat; Economic Commission for Africa; ECE: ECLAC; Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; ESCAP; Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific; Regional Commission; UNCTAD: United Nations Conference on Trade and Development; UNODC: United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime; UNEP: United Nations Environment Programme; UN-Habitat: United Nations Human Settlements Programme; United Nations University.
Bulgaria believes that the periodic report on the implementation of article VI, as referred to in paragraph 12 of the Final Document of 2000, is an important confidence-building measure to improve transparency in the NPT regime as a whole.
With regard to the Palestinian refugees, the international community as a whole had a responsibility to continue providing UNRWA services to them until their situation was resolved.
Replace "5.5.6" with "5.5.0"
The Supreme War Commission held in Gbadolite from 26 to 28 March 2003, in addition to the maintenance of life imprisonment for one accused and the six-month probation period.
Children are covered in labour legislation.
Requests the Secretary-General to designate the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime as the secretariat of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention and to be guided by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Taking note of the draft articles and understandings adopted by the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continued to work with an increasing number of United Nations field presences with human rights mandate and OHCHR field office personnel to improve information flows related to disappearances using their unique status on the ground.
During the reporting period, the Secretariat of the Working Group was unable to send reminders on 867 outstanding cases in accordance with its methods of work.
It is alleged that the disappearances relate to extensive powers conferred upon the security forces under urgent legislation, in particular the Terrorist and Separatism Bill and the Public Security Act, which authorize preventive detention and long-term detention, without many other normal safeguards under criminal law.
The Bureau plans to discuss this matter in the near future in order to seek the best course of action to deal with the issues raised by you.
19.35 On the basis of the following assumptions, the subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments: the resources available for the implementation of recommendations by members and associate members, the importance of data preparation to monitor the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration; and the provision of adequate extrabudgetary resources to ESCAP for operational activities.
(vi) High-level Intergovernmental Meeting to Review the Implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and its regional and global outcomes:
The same is the law on inheritance, marriage and donations.
Human rights and mass exoduses
Reaffirming the obligation of all States to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms as enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, including the right to life, liberty and security of persons, and their obligations under the various human rights instruments, in particular the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights2 and the Convention on the Rights of the Child,
Reform framework
The Committee notes with appreciation the ratification by the State party in November 2000 of the European Social Charter (Revised in 1996) and the 1995 Additional Protocol, as well as the ratification of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination in December 2000.
The Committee notes with concern that rural areas are particularly hit by structural reforms in the public and agricultural fields.
Unless the rights of teachers contained in international labour standards are respected, genuine partnerships with Governments will not be possible to advance educational goals.
Any action taken within the State party's jurisdiction should not deprive another State of its capacity to fulfil the right to water.
In line with this goal, in 1998, the Committee adopted general comment No. 12 on the right to adequate food (which is attached to you for your reference), which should serve as a reference framework for a plan to adopt an international code of conduct for the acquisition of adequate food.
Many of these mandates have established human rights and development links, including with regard to education, food, housing, health, environmental protection and broader issues, such as the right to development, human rights and extreme poverty and structural adjustment programmes.
In cooperation with the United Nations Programme on Ageing, a human rights demonstration campaign was completed to mark the fiftieth anniversary of the Declaration on Human Rights.
(d) Seminar on the International Training Division in New York.
Proposal by Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM/14).
Proposal by Chile at the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee (A/AC.261/L.117).
(d) To end impunity and to ensure that human rights violations and serious violations of human rights are brought to justice;
Ms. Davtyan (Armenia) said that the issue of children was at the heart of the development goals set out in the Millennium Declaration.
Invites States, United Nations agencies, programmes and specialized agencies, non-governmental organizations and non-governmental organizations to assist developing countries, in particular the least developed countries and the African least developed countries, in their efforts to prevent the spread of the epidemic, mitigate and control the negative impact of HIV/AIDS on the human rights of their populations and to provide care for those infected;
(b) To strengthen cooperation with Member States and with United Nations programmes, funds and relevant agencies and relevant regional organizations and non-governmental organizations, and to assist in the implementation of the outcome of the twentieth special session, as requested;
Cuba has repeatedly expressed its dissatisfaction with the lack of progress in implementing this provision in different forums, and Cuba believes that nuclear-weapon States have the primary responsibility to comply with the provisions of the Convention.
Arthur Okwemba, “Por Countries Cry Fouver New Trade Plan by the West”, The East Asian, 14-20 April 2003, p. 23.
In favour:
Like European Union partners, the United Kingdom voted in favour of draft resolution A/58/L.26/Rev.1, entitled “Peaceful settlement of the question of Palestine”.
The Committee noted that, during the International Astronautical Fair, to be held in Santiago from 29 March to 4 April 2004, space and social seminars in Latin America would be organized and organized by the Chilean Space Agency.
The workshop discussed the role of national focal points and national coordinating bodies, cross-border cooperation and information sharing, national laws and legislation and administrative procedures, export and import control systems and marking, stockpile management and records, and civil society cooperation.
Article 299 of the Guatemalan Penal Code reads as follows:
A vote was taken by show of hands.
According to information received, the impunity of human rights violations, war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide has been widely endorsed.
According to this definition, there were 415,000 persons under Spanish employment in 2001, of which 68 per cent were women and almost 32 per cent were men.
Source: BVA Bulletin, July 2000.
This indicator takes into account the tax deduction factors, indicating a percentage of the wage income required to cover first-year costs.
Over 236 hectares were also destroyed.
Regional programmes and activities that benefit girls and women of different ages, including young and older women, will focus on the establishment of networks, information-sharing, knowledge-sharing and alliances among countries and cultures in the context of the United Nations Declaration and Programme of Action on a Culture of Peace, which will continue to be a high priority.
They can also resort only to domestic law with a view to continuing their interests or redress.
“... It is fundamentally difficult to state that a State can take a decision freely on the question of whom property is brought into its territory.
See ibid., p. 45, paras.
See also the personal opinion of Judge Villa in Barcelona Traction (Preliminary Objections), I.C.J. Reports 1964, p. 59.
In the case of any offence covered by this article, the State party shall endeavour, subject to its domestic law, to expedite extradition procedures and simplify the relevant evidentiary requirements.
Such agreements or arrangements shall be concluded and implemented in full compliance with the principle of sovereign equality of States and shall be implemented in strict compliance with the provisions of such agreements or arrangements.
Article 85
See Corruption and Integrity Initiatives in Developing Countries (United Nations publication, Sales No.
Most of the delegations that participated in the informal working group established during the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee did not need to be included in the definition of “international public organizations”, since this term has already been clearly explained in international law.
During the fifth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations considered the best use of mandatory language.
Discussions were also initiated on the concept contained in the last paragraph.
No comments on this article were made during the second reading of the draft text at the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee.
At the same time, adequate national policy space is still necessary to achieve development goals.
The Chairman of the Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting submitted the report on its nineteenth session.
“Report on activities of the Division on Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development” (DITE/ODOC/03//01)
Policy issues related to investment and development
This difference is due mainly to reduced official travel and the lack of training in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, which reduced travel of staff to the Mission on administrative and technical issues, with a small number of technical meetings planned for 2004/05.
Agenda items 28 and 40 (f)
The General Assembly,
Accordingly, on the basis of this question, the Committee has not been requested to decide whether Mr. A was expelled from Sweden in violation of its obligations under article 3 or any other provisions of the Convention, and even whether he was being subjected to torture by the Egyptian authorities.
(b) The signing of a ceasefire agreement on 18 March 2003 by the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda and six armed groups, paving the way for the meeting of the Ituri Standing Committee, held from 4 to 14 April 2003, and the establishment of an interim administration in Ituri;
(e) Clear knowledge management and human resource implications of new pricing procedures, as appropriate.
Therefore, as Venezuela shares the harmful effects of illicit trade in diamonds that many countries consider to have contributed to armed conflict and delay and hinders efforts to achieve peace and security in countries directly affected by it, my country is deeply satisfied with international efforts aimed at peace.
Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Legal Aid Office of the Legal Development Centre, 1999-2001.
1994-1997 President of the National Organization for Civic Education and Electoral Oversight.
• Crime of abortion, Senda Press
One of the Government aims is to maintain and develop land and water resources in the Territory and to increase agricultural productivity.
For the second consecutive year, a day of drug awareness was announced in January.
“Objective 2004-2005: use of the standby system to meet the percentage of deployment requirements for all personnel and the rapid deployment level or standby list”
As for multilateral treaties, the European Extradition Convention (1957) and the European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters (1959) were signed on 29 September 2000.
Sanctions can be described as a way of language and war.
Exchange of views among representatives of Governments, the United Nations Secretariat, academia, non-governmental organizations and civil society enabled a frank and in-depth dialogue on progress, obstacles and challenges involved in the development and adoption of targeted sanctions, as a reference point for the Interlaken process on financial sanctions and the contribution of the Bonn-Berlin process on arms embargoes and travel ban.
While we commemorate the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, my delegation is pleased to note that considerable progress has been made in certain areas.
Mr. Reyes (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): Five years ago, two thirds of human beings remain under colonial power, when the General Assembly adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights by way of vote, which constitutes the basis for the development and codification of human rights.
In a wider context, paragraphs 157 to 159 of the Durban Programme of Action refer not only to the experiences of racism and their impact on their own, but also to community development, as a result of racism and racist systems, where they do not have the opportunity to embark on some of the development paths that other communities can explore, as evidenced by the situation in Haiti, that country is now preparing to celebrate the 200th anniversary of independence, but to help its legacy.
I, resolution 1, annex I.
In 2003, the Working Group held its thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth sessions.
On 23 October 2003, the Government of Iran informed that Mazaheri Kalahroudi had been released on 4 September 2003.
The Human Rights Court was also established to try cases of gross human rights violations, genocide and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the appointment by the African Union Commission of Mr. Tuvalu as Special Envoy for the Great Lakes Region.
The international community therefore actively supports the preparatory process and the Conference itself.
The Security Council recently reaffirmed the need for women to be integrated into all peacebuilding and development processes.
We wish to take many initiatives.
UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with international migration organizations and briefly review the reasons for such complementarity, and UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with non-governmental organizations.
In November 2001, Mr. Denktash wrote to Mr. Clerides and proposed a direct meeting.
In addition, following the presentation by Mr. Clerides, it is possible to propose the following approaches: not only to continue the Treaty of Guarantee, but also to apply it to the Agreement on the Establishment of the Federal Republic of Cyprus and the new constitution established by the Constitution, in addition to the independent, territorial integrity, security and constitutional order of the Federal Republic of Cyprus, but also to the territorial integrity, security and order of its two allies.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization on women and hoped that the issue would be taken into account in Canada's development assistance and that Canada would support research in that area.
Convention on Long-range Transport
UNFCCC
(c) The chemical combustion thermal of aerosols is less than 20 kigio/g, with no point fire occurring in a distance test, and the closed space test referred to in section 31.5 of this manual;
Effective capacity-building mechanisms are part of a flexible programming approach, which involves interrelated measures at all levels to achieve mutually reinforcing goals under overall objectives.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemns this serious escalation of Israeli actions, which could lead to a dramatic change in the situation in the region and a complete breakdown of the peace process.
Ambassador Kadeva asked for further clarification, and I give him the floor.
After the parliamentary debate in March 2000 and October 2002, the Constitution was formally finalized by Azr and Abkhazia as the autonomous republic in Georgia.
Resolution 2003/1 reaffirmed the responsibility of the United Nations towards the people of Western Sahara and reiterated its support for efforts to organize and monitor the referendum on self-determination for the people of Western Sahara in accordance with resolutions 658 (1990) and 690 (1991).
The draft resolution was introduced by the representative of Sri Lanka at the Committee's 12th meeting, on 21 October 2003.
Urges all Governments to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur and to respond positively to his requests to visit their countries in order to enable him to fulfil his mandate more effectively, and in this regard welcomes the initiative of Governments to collaborate with the Special Rapporteur;
Strengthening the resident coordinator system, United Nations country teams and other panels, steadily synchronizing the programming cycle and streamlining and harmonizing processes in many countries, building results-based management and budgets, United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and joint efforts to develop effective collaborative tools, such as the common country assessment and United Nations Development Assistance Frameworks, and their relationship with poverty reduction strategy papers in an increasing number of countries, are efforts to achieve the goal of strengthening coherence, efficiency and impact of United Nations development cooperation.
Based on actual operations, mandates and relevance of organizations, voluntary contributions are provided separately.
• Percentage of total expenditures of central government by category and use
In addition, advocacy is being developed for wider reading of the population, with a popular version of the Principles, such as a card prepared in Indonesian by international agencies and non-governmental organizations working in Indonesia.
12 noon Press release by the Spokesman
They demonstrate that actions taken at the national and international levels to prevent natural disasters do contribute to alleviating the adverse effects of such disasters.
Japan expects the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and other agencies to further improve the methodology, such as the consolidated appeals process, to address the forgotten crisis more effectively.
There is some degree of uncertainty about the protection of the health of people living in contaminated areas and the measures that should be taken in this regard.
(c) The Economic and Social Council makes such a request.
However, as a result of intense controversy within Burundian society, it was lifted five days.
They are victims of extensive violence by regular security forces and armed rebel groups.
This is a new phenomenon that shows that people have become aware of and hope that, with the help of the justice system, the fear that the soldiers have brought about.
(a) Preparation of a list of natural persons and/or legal persons or laboratories that have been accredited to undertake laboratory analysis, toxicological, pharmacy and biology;
Expresses its appreciation to the United Nations Correspondents Association for the establishment of the Dag Hammarskjöld Memorial Scholarship Fund, which sponsors journalists from developing countries to United Nations Headquarters to report on the activities of the General Assembly during its session, and urges donors to provide financial support to the Fund so that it can increase the number of scholarships available to such journalists;
In September 2003, UNFPA hosted a panel meeting of 30 youth advocates in 24 countries, bringing together them as youth partners to identify and formally propose a global advocacy initiative — a global youth partner to prevent HIV infection among young people.
In the financial base of the Strategic Plan, she commended Denmark for taking the initiative to develop a draft guidance note on financial resource mobilization (see document UNEP/CHW/OEWG/2/INF/15).
The Working Group discussed this item at its 3rd plenary meeting, on Tuesday, 21 October.
She reminded the Working Group that, as this item was a technical matter, the Working Group needed to consider it at this session without a final decision.
At the 7th plenary meeting of the Working Group, the Executive Secretary announced that the English, French and Spanish texts of decision III/1 of the Conference of the Parties that had brought them to the attention of the Secretariat were not the official United Nations text of that decision.
Further information is available on the following Web site: firstapgef@.unep.org (point “notice board”).
In its consideration, the Committee agreed that the following criteria should be used for careful accountability and good management:
The representative of Madagascar also thanked the organizers of the training programme.
Adoption of the report of the meeting (item 211)
No documents have been submitted under sub-item 16 (c).
Consultant
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
These rules of procedure may be amended by decisions of the Conference.
The expert briefed the Steering Committee on Protection and Human Rights.
This model thus confirms that other departments, offices of the Secretariat and organizations of the United Nations system are responsible for providing content and that the Department's responsibilities are working closely with media, Member States and civil society partners to coordinate, improve, disseminate and disseminate content.
Table 28.14 Resource requirements: United Nations Information Service in Vienna
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
A seminar was held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002 on money-laundering and money-laundering in the member countries of the West African Economic and Monetary Union.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, containing the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, as well as other resolutions and decisions of the United Nations on the dissemination of information on decolonization, in particular resolution 56/73 of 10 December 2001,
Considers it important to continue efforts to ensure the widest possible dissemination of information on decolonization and to pay particular attention to options for self-determination for the peoples of Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Ms. Ingólf (Benin) said that the Special Rapporteur had used the expression “two main gender” in response to the first issues raised by members, asked whether there were a third gender, or whether the Special Rapporteur did so in this regard.
Accordingly, if a member State proposes a request for interpretation of those languages and other languages, the delegation concerned would incur the costs.
WFP provided that basic English knowledge was necessary in various circumstances, while UNFPA provided that English was a practical requirement for all professionals.
The Department's network of information centres and services throughout the world and field office information services are produced in various local languages.
Arabic: Chinese; English: French; German; German; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; Chinese; English: German; Chinese; English; English; English; Chinese; English; English; Chinese; Russian; Russian: Italian; Portuguese: Portuguese; Russian; Russian: Spanish
General Assembly resolution 56/242 of 24 December 2001, part IV, para.
c Includes salaries, travel and daily subsistence allowance for conference-servicing support personnel and freight and telecommunications costs.
(b) Approve the medium-term plan as a projected framework for 2003-2006 (see summary document E/ICEF/2003/A/L.7 table 4), including the preparation of up to $151 million in regular resources programme expenditure, to be submitted to the Executive Board at its 2004 session.
17.10 Funding through extrabudgetary resources to promote networks of field offices that are primarily responsible for promoting technical cooperation has contributed significantly to dialogue with national Governments to facilitate their normative functions.
The Committee also recommends that effective measures be strengthened to coordinate family and professional responsibilities and to promote the sharing of family responsibilities between women and men.
The Committee is concerned about inequalities in access to the labour market and women generally are limited to work in the agricultural sector and in the informal sector, so that their income and wages are low.
She indicated that major actions had been taken to combat the spread of the pandemic, including the publication and promulgation of the HIV/AIDS Prevention Act 2002 and the development of comprehensive HIV/AIDS research and control programmes in cooperation with stakeholders to provide affordable antiretroviral drugs.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
While appreciating the efforts made by the Federal Government to eliminate discrimination against indigenous women and to achieve substantive equality for them, including the forthcoming revision of the Canadian Human Rights Act, the Committee is also deeply concerned that indigenous women continue to face systematic discrimination in all aspects of life.
However, progress has been made in preventing abuse and violence against women.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure that all forms of violence against women and girls are comprehensively publicized and trained by law enforcement officials, the judiciary and the public.
The Committee is concerned about the incidence of violence against women, including domestic violence.
The Committee also urges the State party to collect and analyse comprehensive data, disaggregated by sex and age, and to include such data in its next report.
Family responsibilities have been recognized as an integral part of the Government's more comprehensive approach to social development.
The Slovak legislation on the export of weapons and military materiel is contained in the amended Act No. 179/ 1998 on the transaction of military materiel.
These general claims are contained in annex I, entitled “General overview of general claims” (Summary of summary), which is part of this report and should be read together with this report.
With regard to invoices 274 to 275 and 282 to 293, Mannesmann provided a copy of the invoice and a certificate of shipment but did not provide a certificate of arrival.
Incisg, SACE's depreciation rate for equipment and machine application is 28.65 per cent of the insurance policy, “acquisition value”.
(b) North Refugee Project contract of the SCOP: Residential Guarantee Costs (claim 5).
This claim refers to the alleged costs of evacuating employees and their families from Iraq, including travel and communications costs.
The Panel therefore considered contract losses, indirect costs/loss of profits, tangible property losses, other losses and interest earned, totalling $38,234,073.
If the claim failed to provide these specific projects or no claim notes, the claimant was notified of such defects and requested it to provide the necessary information in accordance with article 15 of the Rules (the “article 15 notification”).
First, security arrangements are required for the purpose of preparing the bond.
At the same time, Cambodia will do its utmost to ensure that its poverty alleviation remains a top priority.
Mr. Penjor (Bhutan) said that his country had made progress in the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action by effectively incorporating seven commitments into national development strategies.
The high-level segment of the substantive session of the Council provided valuable guidance for many developing countries in promoting an integrated approach to rural development, while the operational segment provided an opportunity for detailed discussion on ways of financing operational activities for development.
(See http://www.udel.edu/CMS/csmp/globaloceans/index.htm#forum.
Convinced that the use of mercenaries or mercenary-related activities, regardless of the form they take to gain some degree of legitimacy, their self-determination as a threat to peace, security and self-determination of peoples and an obstacle to the enjoyment of human rights by peoples,
The Chairman announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, Mauritius and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia had joined the sponsors.
Contents
Most of the orders were valid for 31 December 2005, and could be extended.
We will continue our efforts to implement the recommendations contained in the report of the Human Security Committee.
Finally, the response to human rights violations and those responsible is to involve them in the work of the Committee and to place them outside the Committee.
We are confident that the appointment of a special representative of the Secretary-General in Iraq will contribute to this.
Let us deal with specific issues raised during the project cluster.
Otherwise, the results of the elections are likely to be legitimized only by means of a ballot box that legitimizes existing politicians.
UNIFEM's work in this area has increased significantly during the previous strategy and business plan, 2000-2003.
The strategic results framework contained below will provide guidance on UNIFEM programme options, partnerships, oversight and reporting.
While the support of the United Kingdom and UNAMSIL has focused on strengthening the security capacity of the Government of Sierra Leone to prevent the re-emergence of the RUF rebel forces, the concern about the capacity of the Army of the Republic of Sierra Leone to maintain territorial integrity has been difficult to eliminate.
The Panel recommends support from the United Nations Mission in Liberia for the implementation of the ECOWAS moratorium on small arms trade in Western Africa.
Upon request, he was granted temporary permission to enter Côte d'Ivoire for three days, provided that he would be placed on the airport authorities.
Member States, financial institutions and development agencies should support projects to implement United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice.
The draft resolution has clearly improved in this regard, but it does indeed require that all terrorist acts be stopped in part of its implementation.
Ms. Idrissi (Morocco) said that, despite the recognition of the right to work in Morocco's Constitution, the right to work was difficult to implement in the context of low economic levels and lack of real social democracy.
At the end of the life cycle, estimates of the quality of benzene acid were inaccurate: the probability of success increased from 90 per cent to 99 per cent meant that greater errors must be recorded, thereby reducing the length of life.
All interested parties must apply these measures.
There is also an overall trend in the geostationary orbit market, with the tendency of satellite operators to move the satellite from an operational geostationary area after the end of the satellite's effective life.
Chapter ___. Adoption of the report of the Conference
In UNCTAD, overall, multidisciplinary technical cooperation and capacity development will be carried out in UNCTAD's field of expertise.
Any regional office or sub-office that the World Tourism Organization may establish should work closely with the United Nations regional offices or sub-offices, in particular the regional commissions.
In view of the above, it is estimated that general insurance costs for the biennium 2004-2005 amount to $7,578,000 and general insurance premiums for United Nations property administered by Headquarters for the biennium 2000-2001.
As a result, the number of potential users of the Official Document System will be significantly increased.
All three sessions were held at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
With regard to this provision, article 41, paragraph 1, of the Convention requires States parties to report on the measures taken and progress achieved in the enjoyment of all rights and on any factors and difficulties that may affect the implementation of the Convention.
Regrettably, since the establishment of the Committee, delays have been very serious.
National policies in this area should be clearly spelled out in directives to the military commanders of the region, while allegations of excessive use of force should be investigated promptly by an independent body.
f The Committee considered the situation of civil and political rights in Suriname at its seventy-sixth session without reporting and delegation.
During the reporting period, the United Nations Disaster Response Assessment Coordination (UNDAC) system promoted coordinated humanitarian assistance in several areas.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/20), para.
The least developed countries committed themselves to adopting policies to create a people-centred development path, with a view to ensuring that the necessary environment is created in their own countries and to eradicating poverty.
Madagascar has established a network of oil, construction materials, fruits and vegetable production enterprises.
Important commitments have been made under the issues mentioned in Agenda 21, such as access to safe water, appropriate sanitation and clean, modern energy services.
We encourage the two countries to complete expeditiously their common border demarcation.
In particular, concern was expressed about the current conflict in Colombia, which affected people of African descent and indigenous communities; participants called for special attention from international and national organizations working to resolve the crisis.
In order to assist the Working Group in clarifying policy options, an independent study was conducted and presented at the ninth session of the Working Group (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.5/2003/WP.1).
I would also like to convey my delegation's appreciation to your predecessor, Ambassador Matia Semakula Kiwanuka of Uganda, for the excellent work he has done during his presidency and for the excellent guidance he has given to our work.
An important element of the proposed reform is to shorten our statement and to circulate the longer version of the State's statement.
Mr. Cbani (Mali) (spoke in French): Let me join previous representatives in expressing my delegation's satisfaction at your election to the First Committee, the Disarmament and International Security Committee.
Emphasizing the temporary nature of UNIFIL,
Also requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, in this regard, to submit an analytical report to the next session of the Working Group on the Effective Implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action on the role of the existing regional and international standards and instruments against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, and to identify areas where complementary international standards may be required to assist the Working Group in the task of developing complementary international standards;
Each State Party shall consider establishing procedures to remove eligibility for persons convicted of offences covered by this Convention within a period specified in its domestic law, in conformity with the fundamental principles of its legal system:
Without such agreements or arrangements, such joint surveys can be agreed on a case-by-case basis.
There is little change in the position of nuclear-weapon States.
At its seventeenth session, the SBSTA requested the secretariat to undertake intersessional consultations on the second report of the GCOS secretariat on the adequacy of the Global Climate Observing System, immediately following the completion of the SBSTA's eighteenth session.
Bearing in mind its relevant resolutions,
Bearing in mind also the relevant recommendations adopted by the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance in 2001,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined in sponsoring the revised draft resolution.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/58/SR.56).
In India's view, the protection and promotion of fundamental rights and the liberation of peoples remain a sacred duty.
It requires the attention of the parties and the international community to help it grow.
First, while there has been a strong normative framework on landmines, the instruments addressing unexploded ordnance and explosive remnants of war will significantly contribute to mine clearance efforts in post-conflict situations.
Overall, military peacekeeping forces did not carry out large-scale investigations, marking or mine clearance operations.
Within the framework of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May be Deemed to be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects, my country will continue to support the adoption of binding international instruments for the management of unexploded ordnance and mines other than anti-personnel mines.
Unexploded ordnance remains a serious humanitarian threat.
Mr. Sattar (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C.6/58/L.46/Rev.1, entitled “Promotion of the implementation of the United Nations Programme of Action for the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects at the regional level within the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe”, introduced by the representative of France at its 13th meeting, on 22 October 2003.
South Africa's policy on small arms is based on regional concerns and a step-by-step approach that identifies the importance of regional approaches to the uncontrolled proliferation of small arms and light weapons.
In operative paragraph 4, we have also made a major change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to further coordinate its collective efforts in human resources development, in accordance with national policies and priorities;
Agreements have been signed with major national awareness-raising campaigns for poor urban organizations to support non-governmental organizations, Governments and sub-partnership organizations, such as national professional associations, non-governmental organizations, local governments, etc.
Subsequently, at its meeting on 31 October 2001, the Bureau of the Council established, in accordance with paragraph 7 of the above-mentioned resolution, the Committee of Permanent Representatives serving as the intersessional subsidiary body of the Council to enter into force immediately.
We will betray our nations, our peoples and future generations.
The plan was approved by the National Economic Summit and Parliament.
Africa is awaiting a multidimensional reflection.
States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights as at 1 December 2003 (148)
Negative security assurances are that nuclear-weapon States undertake not to use or threaten to use nuclear weapons.
Most courts cannot operate and most basic facilities are damaged or plunder.
Training on integrated logistics concepts will also be provided to personnel.
I would like to commend all those leaders for their valuable contribution to the cause of peace and security in Liberia.
On the date of the election, voters who have not registered certificates of permanent residence are entitled to vote in the local government administrative districts in which they eventually registered.
Similarly, women can learn special educational curricula and not be subject to gender restrictions, which provide education for the physical and psychological development of students with special needs for the development of general practical labour skills and education with professional characteristics.
The current social security model is based on the fact that social tax payments are a prerequisite for obtaining most social security.
According to the Social Security Act, every person who has lived in the Republic of Latvia within 12 months has a total of less than 60 months (except persons belonging to Latvian citizens, non-citizens, foreigners and stateless persons who have a personal identity code), except those who receive temporary residence permits) have the right to receive the State social insurance benefits for persons with disabilities.
At present, Latvia's national allowance for children born prior to 1 January 1999 is: first-born 2.45 Latvian, second-born 5.10 Latvian or 1.2 times higher, third-born child 680 Latvian or 1.6 times higher, fourth and subsequent births 7.65 Latvia or 1.8 times.
Disarmament is still key to making progress in the peace process under the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Japan also funded the United Nations fact-finding mission on this item that was dispatched last year.
The applicable conditions for general legal acts, which deal with the legality of clients in the law of treaties, are fully applicable to generally recognized acts, in particular the recognition of State.
In particular, the question is whether the State of Conduct may unilaterally modify, suspend or withdraw the act.
Parties referred to gaps and difficulties related to the assessment or possible implementation of greenhouse gas mitigation options.
Requests the Secretary-General to encourage the organizations of the United Nations system to improve procurement measures, in accordance with their respective mandates, in particular by simplifying registration procedures for vendors registered in another United Nations system, inter alia by using the Internet and disseminating their procurement information on their respective websites;
I will revert to this issue later.
My delegation therefore wishes to reiterate its urgent appeal to them to make the best use of their positive effects in order to promote this goal.
The peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo can be completed only if progress has been made in the ongoing democratic transition process in other countries in the Great Lakes region.
However, any situation would prevent this new Great Lakes Community from extending to other countries like Uganda and Tanzania, whose interests were closely linked to the interests of the countries of the Great Lakes region.
We note that much progress has been made in negotiations on draft resolutions dealing with this concern.
In focusing on health and sustainable development, the plan called on developing countries to provide low-cost energy to rural communities, in particular by reducing reliance on traditional fuel sources for cooking and heating, which affects the health of women and children.
Governments and other stakeholders are invited to ensure that local and administrative reform processes promote rural women's rights in access to resources, especially land, heritage and financial services and benefits.
Several Member States submitted additional information.
The ministerial declaration of the high-level segment of the Economic and Social Council addressed the important role of rural women in policy and decision-making.
Reaffirms that international cooperation and national action against terrorism shall be carried out in accordance with the principles of the Charter, international law and relevant international conventions;
Under the auspices of Germany, this debate is further in the Bonn-Berlin process, focusing on the design and implementation of arms embargoes and travel and aviation-related sanctions.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
UNPOS expects that this visit will be an opportunity to fulfil all outstanding obligations, and that the full implementation of self-government arrangements can be carried out with full care.
Mr. Dauth (Australia): Thank you, Mr. President, for convening this public meeting on an issue that Australia and, as my Fiji colleague have said, the Pacific Islands Forum countries attach great importance.
We hope that the international community and the United Nations system will readily provide assistance to these efforts.
Over the years, Bougainville has been suffering from the devastating effects of the proliferation of small arms, which are visible in the Solomon Islands of Papua New Guinea's neighbours.
New Zealand's support to the Transition Group complements our ongoing commitment to provide other assistance to the Bougainville people, which is provided through the New Zealand International Development Agency.
However, more should be done.
“Minders!
The United Nations has a role in an international system comprising sovereign States.
At the same time, we have increased non-formal, adults and distance education programmes throughout the country.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General to address a question when updating the workload standards, i.e. the level of self-revision documentation should be measured to ensure the quality of translation of documents in all official languages;
He replied to a number of specific issues that were being addressed through requests and approval procedures for negotiations in services.
Procedural, institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters
Israel has repeatedly called upon the United Nations and the international community to halt its violations and acts of aggression, disregarding the dangers and consequences of Lebanon's many warnings, which continue in many instances in-depth Lebanese territory, intimidation and torture of Lebanese civilians and material damage.
Palau
H.E. Mr. Kert Michel
In this regard, the rules of the international trading system should take into account their own negative impact on policies to address poverty and land degradation.
The Mission is working with the United Nations country team to develop new United Nations Development Assistance Frameworks and to strengthen its monitoring and reporting capacity on future socio-economic commitments contained in the peace agreements.
The terrorist group is closely associated with transnational criminal networks, and the Algerian authorities must redouble their efforts to impose strict controls on financial institutions to combat all kinds of fraud and criminal operations.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of Security Council resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2000), 1373 (2001) and 1390 (2002), further activities in Algeria and other groups associated with Al-Qaida should also be included in this list.
It was pleased that some of its recommendations for that purpose, in particular those relating to the establishment of assistance funds and the development of monitoring mechanisms, had been adopted by other countries.
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.25 and A/C.2/58/L.67
Annex to the letter dated 22 May 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Greece to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In March 2001 and April 2002, the Tourism Organization successfully organized 10 subregional meetings, sharing experiences, deliberations, promoting national, regional and international cooperation and identifying future challenges.
Nearly 1,000 participants from 88 countries participated in this meeting, with the main objective of which stakeholders in the area of eco-tourism, in particular those that did not participate in the already held regional preparatory meetings, can facilitate the exchange of experiences and views.
I, resolution 1, annex.
Recommends the following decision to the Economic and Social Council for adoption:
Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Statements under different sub-items may reflect the relevance and cross-cutting nature of various issues.
UNICEF Somalia has effectively and strategically mobilized available national resources, laying the foundation for further development under more stable conditions.
With the establishment of a strategic resource reserve for the new mission, which aims to rapidly equip the future, progress has been impressive.
The following background information was also provided:
The prevailing view was that the application of legal issues was essential for insolvency proceedings and that the draft Guide should include information on those issues to assist legislators and other users.
Withdrawal of candidatures
However, his delegation believed that the decision on whether the reservation or the accompanying footnote should be taken in conjunction with the discussion in chapter V.
The following is a draft strategy prepared to fulfil the commitments made in the Seasani base for all delegations.
Member States should be encouraged to make contributions.
Yemen
Belize
The President of the ninth session expressed appreciation to the Parties for such confidence and for the efforts of his predecessor, Mr. T. R. Barru, and the members of the Bureau during their term of office.
The Conference of the Parties is now able to consider the performance of these Parties in terms of limitation and reduction of emissions.
(Agenda item 4)
Taking into account the political guidance given by the Millennium Summit, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, a broad consensus has been highlighted on the key role of the Economic and Social Council in the systematic integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits.
These events effectively identify the way forward for all of us to eradicate poverty, promote development and ensure peace, security and justice.
“Reaffirming the United Nations Declaration on NEPAD of 30 September 2002 and General Assembly resolution 57/7 of 4 November 2002 on the final review and appraisal of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s and support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development,
“10. Welcomes with appreciation the initiatives already undertaken at the regional level to organize activities of the United Nations system for the thematic clusters covering the various priority areas of the partnership, and in this regard urges the strengthening of such processes with a view to promoting a coherent United Nations system support for partnerships;
If this amount is not unspent, the United States dollar is indicated in United States dollars in this table, for the sake of comparison, that the application of the rate of exchange for mid-August 1990 rates, as contained in United States dollars in volume 45 of the United Nations Monthly Bulletin (April 1991).
Facts and contentions
In particular, it lost profits in six contracts in the amount of USD 70,787,804,146,724, $7,155,489, and $126,344.
In addition, if the claim relates to tangible property losses, the Panel selected 2 August 1990 (on the date of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait) as the date of loss, as the date the claimant lost control over the assets concerned.
In addition, KNPC is required to reimburse ABB for the costs of payment or commitment to third parties prior to the termination of the contract.
(6) Paragraph 2 includes a number of issues that have not been addressed in the articles on responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts in the context of the present draft articles.
(c) Special Rapporteur's concluding remarks
(c) In order to develop this model, and taking into account the Committee's earlier work on the topic, the Special Rapporteur recommends that the Commission consider the following matters:
(12) Damage to the environment and the environment itself and loss of profits and tourism (see paras. 174 above, (c) paras. (13) and (14)
The report should therefore focus on results or outcomes and avoid highlighting the approach taken by States in the negotiation process of those instruments or following the conclusion.
It was noted that there would be different effects on specific types of recognition.
Methods of work
Thus, the definition of objections should reflect the real intentions of the objecting State, rather than the legal effect of the objection under the Vienna Convention.
Unless otherwise provided by the treaty or otherwise agreed, the withdrawal of a reservation shall be effective only if a Contracting State or a contracting organization receives notification of withdrawal.
In paragraph 505 of the 2002 report, the Study Group agreed that the Commission should not deal with the creation and interrelationship of international judicial bodies.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 260-266.
For this theory, see P.H.Imbert, Paris Pedone, 1979, p. 288, or Frank Horn, Reservations and Interpretative Declarations, T.M.C. Asser Institute, 1988, pp. 223-224, and cited references.
The Committee considered its sixth report at its 2770th, 2771st, 2772nd, 2773rd and 2774th meetings, from 7 to 11 July 2003.
The question of modification, suspension, revocation of unilateral acts was also examined, i.e., whether States could modify, suspend or cancel unilateral acts, as they did.
Some 916 of them have been detained for more than 20 years and have been the oldest prisoners of war in the world.
However, some officials appear to be interested in restoring these services and exploring possibilities for restoring common services in recruitment and health insurance (paras.
The United Nations also has extensive experience in the management and conference services of buildings and facilities and can be used for the reference to common services at the Vienna International Centre.
On 7 December 1983, A/C.5/3887.
However, in collaboration with civil society organizations, the United Nations can become more innovative, forward-looking and more important in conflict prevention and sustainable peace-building.
Welcoming the Caribbean Regional Seminar, held in the Valley, Anguilla, from 20 to 22 May 2003, by a representative of the Mayor of Pitcairn, and noting his concern about cases before the Tribunal in the Territory,
To this end, acting under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In this context, Pyongyang law is suitable for soil conditions to show that the areas that will benefit most.
Please provide a list of assets frozen pursuant to that resolution.
Since 1997, Saa WiFS has also been able to measure rich land and marine plants globally, thus conducting a baseline survey for a five-year period of the main mode of carbon entry into the Earth's atmosphere in a critical parameter in the life support system.
(e) All space activities must be coordinated at the highest governmental level to provide scientists with spatial data in many fields of research and application;
However, an increasing number of people have moved to silence and more actively to oppose this policy that hinders normal relations with families and Cuba.
Efforts are under way to develop an exception to common law, which can be defined as a serious crime within this framework.
Strengthening the capacity of developing countries to effectively combat terrorism is one of the priorities of United States cooperation in recent years.
See paragraph 3 (a) and paragraph 2 (f).
Of the 19 Finance Assistants, eight were deployed to four districts (one General Service and one United Nations Volunteer each).
Other sub-districts will be composed of one Field Service and one United Nations Volunteer and two national staff.
Questions that fall outside the scope of other items allocated to the Third Committee on the agenda of the General Assembly
Item 12 Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Documentation
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Myanmar (A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1, para. 7 (b))
Report of the Human Rights Committee (resolution 2200 A (XXI))
Young people are bound by legally binding agreements: half of the young couples in Norway are now married.
Women are often reluctant to report rape, especially in cases where rape is perceived to be one another.
Article III 483 - 500 100
Cultural patterns and the social status of women have led to this situation, but low job choices in the labour market.
At the same time, lower rural household registration expenditure (3 per cent lower than income) shows that rural households may have savings of 800 per cent per month.
The ILO Convention No. 135 (1971) provides that workers' representation shall be treated in the same way as staff representatives, to protect the benefits to which trade union representatives and workers' representatives should enjoy, as both represent the individual and collective interests of employees who are subject to the principles of national legislation.
Data on communicable diseases in Montenegro in 1992-2001 (exclusive of epidemiology and AIDS)
Specialized, Disability and Environment, Alternative Learning Centres and International Disability Association, Belgrade, 2001.
Also expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
Other programmes require bilateral assistance.
Nevertheless, we have not lost hope for a just and comprehensive peace in the region on the basis of a change in this situation and Israeli policies, as well as the existence of two States in Palestine and Israel.
1.2 Progress report on the implementation of the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism should be amended to amend domestic legislation.
The specific agencies of the State, namely the Chilean Armed Forces and the Police (Police Police), are not subject to the general subjective prohibition mentioned in Point 2.
Mr. Tinning (United States of America): The United States wishes to explain its position very briefly.
The Third Committee adopted, without a vote, a draft resolution entitled “Torture of Khmer Rouge”.
Japan will continue to work with the Secretariat and the Government of Cambodia to establish a special chamber at an early date.
However, there is no reason to avoid the reciprocity of a State's responsibility for the wrongful act of an international organization.
I, resolution 1, annex.
As a result, El Salvador judges, regardless of their high level, are independently tried to submit their cases to them.
In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar refused to accept the subsequent reporting arrangements between Spain and the United Kingdom, known as “illegal, politically unacceptable”; according to which the two countries would discuss the type of aviation measures of the European Union to apply to the Territory and which should not apply to the Territory.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continued to emphasize the costs of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons and to promote existing international rules and responsibilities in arms.
Corrigendum
National reconciliation also requires continued support, in particular support of the reintegration and resettlement of ex-combatants and support the preparations for the elections.
Furthermore, human rights capacity-building requires sustained support, and improved child protection strategies are required.
These issues constitute a major challenge for young people to play an informal or formal role in forestry.
It is hoped that the United Nations regional economic and social commissions will redouble their efforts in promoting youth interest in forests.
On behalf of the Council, I welcome Mr. Timko and invite him to take the floor.
Report of the Programme Coordination Committee (A/58/16, chap. III, sect. B, Programme 8; chap. IV, sect.
I do not wish to thank members for their cooperation and support in this regard.
The oceans have a great impact on small island developing States.
The fourth meeting of the United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea, held in New York in June, indicated that the forum was very useful and that the General Assembly, in its resolution 57/141, decided to further three years the process.
Although all efforts have been made, the problems caused by pollution of the marine environment are unfortunately far from being addressed.
As indicated in the relevant paragraphs of the report, there are still specific issues in marine areas of activity, requiring continued and concerted action at the international, regional and national levels.
The meeting marks another milestone in the life of the Convention, as it will mark the tenth anniversary of the institution.
On the basis of the Office of the Attorney-General, the National Human Rights and International Humanitarian Unit did not investigate such crimes.
A number of additional security guards for the premises were also completed as planned (build-block glass, garage and top television monitors and public broadcasting systems upgrade).
Conclusions
Subject to the necessary preliminary consultations, the United Nations should arrange for the inclusion in the agenda of the Economic and Social Council of the item proposed by the World Tourism Organization or, where appropriate, in accordance with the relevant rules of procedure, the agenda of other United Nations organs or bodies.
The Dag Hammarskjöld Library has established a dedicated web page on the United Nations website for the implementation of Human Rights Day activities, which is linked to relevant resources.
National human rights institutions play a major role in ensuring the implementation of international human rights treaties at the national level, and they should be encouraged to continue and, where possible, strengthen their collaboration with Governments and civil society organizations.
Any radio or television equipment owned or used for illegal purposes or any design or conversion of electronic means to send or receive a signal that only one act may be sentenced to one (1) to three (3) years' imprisonment.
Recalling the results achieved over the past decade, it is difficult to see that all Member States have the opportunity to express their views on reform and to make their proposals for reform.
The veto is a flagrant violation of the principle of sovereign equality of States as enshrined in the Charter and also of the principles of justice and democracy.
However, given the positions of some influential permanent members of the Security Council, the Security Council does not take action against Israel, which means encouraging Israel.
Please describe the activities of Usama bin Laden, Al-Qaida, the Taliban and their associates in your country and the threats posed by your country and region.
As indicated in the current report of the Board of Auditors (para.
Taking into account the findings of the Board of Auditors, the Advisory Committee stresses the importance of further review by the Board of Auditors such as memorandums of understanding, pre-deployment inspections, arrival inspections, verification reports and personnel resources.
“The great potential for enhancing the well-being of young people and creating jobs for them should be taken fully into account the impact of information and communication technologies on each priority factor.
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that paragraph 1 (d) is intended to highlight the obligations undertaken by States parties under their international instruments on human rights, which are generally not understood to modify their obligations.
Human rights defenders carry out protests or convictions through laws, policies or practices that violate fundamental freedoms and human rights, and they themselves become the subject of security legislation in many countries.
Compared with previous national communications, there has been significant improvements in reporting on the organization and policy and measures of information.
They described steps taken to prepare for ratification of the Protocol, including the necessary legislation.
Fifty-eighth session
The two-day high-level segment will be held from 1 to 2 September and the second session of the CRIC will be held from 26 to 29 August 2003.
I have the honour to request that this letter and its annex be circulated as an official document of the Conference on Disarmament to all States members of the Conference on Disarmament and non-member States participating in its work.
Expert Meeting on Measuring Electronic Commerce as a means of developing digital economies
In response to requests from mandate-holders, the UNCCD secretariat, where possible, contributed to the Secretary-General's thematic report on land and agriculture related to chapters 10, 12 and 14 of Agenda 21, the report of the Secretary-General on institutional procedures in Agenda 21 and other relevant reports of the Secretary-General to the Summit and its Preparatory Committee.
(d) The right to make a decision in the pre-trial proceedings in other cases.
It prepared draft rules of procedure, terms of reference of the Panel and special contract agreements for experts serving the Council.
The Commission requested the Working Group to conduct substantive discussions on issues raised in the preliminary survey by the Secretariat in most of its fortieth session in October 2002 (A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.94).
A developing country that has more than 10 per cent of its transmission rates, like Uganda, has also been able to reverse the upward trend in transmission rates.
But this is not enough.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
The expansion of the UNFPA donor base reflects the broad support that UNFPA has received from programme countries that it has supported, as well as the shared responsibility of UNFPA and all its members.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/21100/Add.30-33, 36-38, 42 and 47; S/22210/Add.6, 9, 13, 14, 17, 20, 24, 25, 32, 37 and 40; S/23370/Add.8, 11, 28 and 39; S/250Add.1, 2, 5, 21, 24 and Corr.1, 26 and S/1994/20/Add.8, 39, and S/1994/20/Add.8, 22, S/1995/40/Add.14, S/1995/40/Add.11; and S/1995/40/Add.11;
Fourthly, the military revolution has emerged and arms are increasingly complex and the boundaries between conventional arms and weapons of mass destruction are increasingly blurred.
At the outset, the Management Committee agreed on this timetable.
This time shows that the period for the transfer of this responsibility to the Iraqi people should be synchronized with the political process for the realization of Iraq's sovereignty.
This may lead to inconsistency and raise other issues for business that make enterprises poor public requests for information for different purposes.
United Nations agencies, programmes and offices as members of the United Nations country team have a very important role in this regard.
Examination procedures should be standardized, objective and transparent.
If this adjustment is used, reference to IPCC good practice guidance should be made before the IPCC Guidelines are consulted.
This meeting is indeed exceptional.
We should — and I hope — enter the next phase of the implementation of resolution 1244 (1999), in accordance with paragraph 11 (e) of the resolution, to determine the final status of Kosovo.
Report of the Fifth Committee
At its 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Committee introduced a draft decision entitled “Inter-organizational security measures: accountability framework for the United Nations field security management system” (A/C.5/57/L.17).
Approves, in principle, the approach taken by the Secretary-General to acquire the United Nations consolidated building through a pre-lease agreement with the United Nations, which will be owned by the building and the building;
Environmental reports and social reports must be verified to ensure the credibility of the report.
Consultations with non-member States (IDB.27/20)
The acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey and members of the European Economic Area align themselves with this statement.
Regional organizations and international organizations such as the Asian and Pacific Telecommunications Community, UNDP, ITU, the Asian Development Bank, the United Nations University and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) made significant contributions to the Conference.
The objective of this interregional joint project is to strengthen international competitiveness and the negotiating capacity of developing countries through sharing national and regional knowledge on issues and best practices in the following areas: (i) trade facilitation and diversification; (ii) further participation of small and medium-sized enterprises in global supply networks; (iii) the design and implementation of trade facilitation policies at the national and regional levels; (iv) further use of knowledge management and information and communication technologies in supply chain management.
While UNDP has also improved its cooperation with the regional commissions in certain areas, the Executive Secretary agreed that UNDP should be more actively involved in the work of the Executive Committee on Economic and Social Affairs and the regional coordination meetings to ensure greater coordination in the implementation of regional programmes and activities and in the preparation of the Human Development Report.
The impact of economic development in Asia on global commodity demand and supply has indirectly affected Africa.
Efforts were therefore made to ensure consistency in the development framework policies at the Consultative Group, the Round Table and country level.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(v) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa;
Advancement of women [item 110].
(i) Assess the interconnection between culture and development and poverty eradication in the context of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The United Nations system has also developed various emergency humanitarian assistance projects in response to the recurrent drought and the coffee crisis in the north of the country in the south of Chittagong and Managua.
Agenda item 91: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
Also reaffirms that the follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and to the twenty-third special session will be carried out within the framework of the integrated and coordinated follow-up to major international conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields;
Both spouses must be over 24 years.
Many major issues of concern, such as reform of the international financial markets and trade conditions, control of environmental pollution impacts, global warming and epidemics, migration trends and refugee flows, the eradication of extreme poverty, access to health care, water and food, rapid urbanization, are, of course, governance issues that require international cooperation.
Institutional environment
Report of the Second Committee (A/58/484/Add.2)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/432/Add.1)
Draft decision I was adopted (decision 58/560).
The substance of this proposal is to reiterate Russia's readiness to issue notice in advance of the forthcoming spacecraft and its object and essential parameters.
4.5 Through the joint investments of the Governments of the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) and Guyana, poverty rural communities have been introduced, focusing on development initiatives in rural areas in the 2 and 3.
However, only 7 per cent of births by women in the interior with the help of doctors.
It was also noted that the pilot plant produced UDMH, a more effective and advanced fuel.
United Nations regional commissions
However, the project has expanded significantly over the years, including demographic trends, international migration flows, smuggling and trafficking in migrants, international cooperation in the management of international migration, the abuse of international asylum systems, and the extent of brain drain and its impact on countries of origin.
The online training course is also an effective mechanism.
Indonesia has been a victim of a number of terrorist attacks, including the most terrorist attacks in Bali on 12 October 2002, and the recent attacks on the Mali Games in Jakarta on 5 August 2003.
In order to deal with major cases, the Mission established a Counter-Terrorism Task Force.
All components of the broad coalition established in Monterrey are also part of this High-level Dialogue — Governments, major stakeholders, other intergovernmental organizations, civil society and the business sector.
Following a comprehensive review of the information provided by some Member States, a comprehensive review of countries that had adjusted the scale of assessments for the period 2001-2003, the growth of GNI in gross national income in United States dollars and the failure of the revised methodology for price adjustment (exchange-rate) for the base period of the scale has been taken into account.
Once the Committee decides to calculate the data to be used for the scale of assessments for the period 2004-2006, the specific methodology outlined in paragraph 1 of resolution 55/5 B has been applied.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the long-term financial obligations of the United Nations with regard to the enforcement of sentences,4 on the understanding that future budgetary requests for enforcement of sentences will be considered on a case-by-case basis, taking into account the legal, administrative and financial justifications provided for each request;
The Chairman also held several informal consultations.
Confidence-building is a dynamic process.
In accordance with Decree No. 134, issued by the Prime Minister on 5 May 2000, the responsibility for drafting the State report of the United Nations Convention on Human Rights was entrusted to a cross-cutting working group coordinated by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
More detailed reports will be provided after the session, reflecting not only the conclusions of the meetings but also the discussions.
In favour:
The infant mortality rate is 110 per 1,000 live births; life expectancy at birth is 43.3 years (1995-2000); see United Nations Development Programme, Human Development Report 2000, Oxford, 2000.
In 1991, the European Community, Japan and Canada, in their common desire, promoted action to establish the United Nations Conventional Arms Register.
During the period from 1 June 2002 to 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library conducted 125 training courses for a total of 631 trainees, including Secretariat staff, mission staff and government officials, interns, NGO representatives, depository library managers and visitors.
In this context, the branch and subsidiary bodies should inform banks or financial institutions of this matter so that a computer system can be established to properly track currency movements.
Draft Law on Terrorism
At the interregional level, special emphasis will continue to be placed on the technical cooperation needs of LDCs in the context of the Integrated Framework for Multi-Agency Technical Assistance on Trade-Related Technical Assistance and on the expansion of South-South trade and export-led poverty reduction activities.
The budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and the proposed budget for 2004-2005 maintained resources for all language training at all levels, reflecting the importance of language capacity.
5.1 General comments
7.1 Federal Appointments Act
It urged the Government to ensure that the higher and continuing education of lawyers and judges fully includes a better understanding of equality and non-discrimination and international norms and guidelines in this regard.
At present, a cross-sectoral working group has been established in many cantons of the Federation, as the fight against trafficking can succeed only through close cooperation among units.
(1) Temporary special measures adopted by States parties to accelerate the realization of de facto equality between women and men shall not be deemed discriminatory under this Convention or resulting in the maintenance of unequal or separate standards; such measures shall be discontinued after the purpose of equality between men and women.
In category B, the proportion of women in German staff is 52.94 per cent (11 women and 104 men) at the C wage level (which is generally equivalent to intermediate services), and 53.72 per cent (35 women and 323 men).
(a) Persons raising children have contributed to society as a whole.
With regard to women's cultural life, the following can be added:
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in all matters relating to marriage and family relations, in particular on the basis of equality between women and men:
Total income of full-time employees in manufacturing*
We are very concerned about the deteriorating situation in the Middle East.
I now give the floor to the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations.
At present, Israel continues to increase tension and thus attack Syrian territory.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization
Many speakers for international cooperation mechanisms, in particular:
1987-1994: Assistant Prosecutor in the area of Tadza, Ukraine (2.2 million people).
• Under article 500 of the Penal Code, if it is not possible to identify those who actually commit terrorist offences, those who facilitate and incite terrorist offences should be held accountable for the offences.
Official Gazette No. 9 of 21 May 2002.
As to whether the depositary should also communicate to other States parties information that cannot be formulated, this is an outstanding issue.
Otherwise, the depositary would become a supervisory person, and it might lose the “UNPA” character of which, under existing law, it would be wrong, under the proposed law.
Therefore, the Committee is urged to pay greater attention to the circumstances of liability arising from the activities of foreign ships and to the corresponding prevention cooperation efforts of flag States, registered States and, where appropriate, port States.
It was also suggested that, as a first step, rules and mechanisms on the treatment of possible conflict-related norms and mechanisms found in relevant international instruments should be comprehensively investigated by the Commission, in the latest trends in international law, such as environmental and economic law, in order to determine their adequacy.
Organizational matters.
In 2001, following the Commission's decision in 1998 to appoint an independent expert on extreme poverty, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights issued a statement on poverty and human rights in order to identify conceptual links between those two issues.
Participants concluded that greater efforts must be made to increase the dissemination of information on mandates and activities.
UPDF withdrew from Yambio camp and police headquarters in the town.
He understood the concerns of States, but urged delegations to do their utmost to achieve compromise.
Germany recognizes that the threat posed by terrorism and excessive armaments threatens international peace and security.
In recent years, most of the efforts made to peace in the Middle East have occurred outside the Council.
In particular, decision makers wish to ensure that there is sufficient researchers to meet the increased scientific capacity of countries and the increased demand generated by knowledge.
Article I
Noting that most of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
Informal consultations on agenda item 52 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
The subsequent biennial cycle will be determined at each policy session.
Policy paper by the Secretary-General
Recognizing also the important role of new and emerging technologies in enhancing national productivity and competitiveness and, inter alia, the need for capacity-building and measures to promote the transfer and diffusion of technology to developing countries and to raise public awareness of science and technology,
Parties and parties to armed conflict should take all feasible precautions in areas under their control affected by explosive remnants of war to prevent civilian populations, civilian individuals and civilian objects from being endangered and affected by explosive remnants of war.
There should be periodic physical tests of stockpiled explosive ordnance, as appropriate, to ensure that munitions are expected.
Welcoming also the positive review process for the Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, held in New York from 8 to 19 April 2002,
UNCTAD
While we are strongly engaged in the fight against terrorism, it is also necessary to ensure the dignity and fundamental freedoms of individuals and to ensure that democratic processes and due process are not trampled.
Such reports would help the sanctions committees to measure compliance and identify technical assistance needed to improve their implementation.
In 2002, the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States continued its efforts to mainstream the Brussels Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 in the programme of work of United Nations agencies, funds and programmes.
Audit management
Draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.8 and A/C.2/58/L.49
The policy of using a multi-centimetal approach to staff resources, as was done by UNHCR (see para. 19 above), including the introduction of such a policy between OCHA and the United Nations Office of Human Resources Management to meet the requirements of OCHA staff in large or complex emergencies, while drawing from United Nations reserve staff, including high-level reserve personnel.
This has enabled WHO to benefit from the World Bank in its subsequent capacity as funding agencies and to coordinate the relationship between WHO-based representatives in Dili and UNTAET experts seconded from WHO (although only a small percentage of total WHO activities in East Timor).
For further information, see Secretary-General's report S/1999/1024 of 4 October 1999.
Sixth session
The Conference of the Parties,
Mr. Robert Mugabe, President of Zimbabwe, was escorted into the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Mill (Barbados): I am particularly honoured to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
The European Union's recent emphasis on combating the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction in its joint external and security policies demonstrates our great desire to work together at the forefront.
MOTAPM should not contain anti-personnel devices.
He welcomed the UNCTAD report's concise recognition of the impact of conflicts on LDCs.
The Advisory Group recommended that the ninth session be held in early March 2004.
The role of regional commissions in providing important technical cooperation services to developing countries was also recognized.
At the time of the stalemate in the Conference on Disarmament, I would like to join members in expressing the hope that the Disarmament Commission — the only body that will be able to discuss the guiding principles of disarmament — will continue to serve as a framework for effective and fruitful exchanges.
Since the inception of nuclear weapons, humanity has been exploring ways to eliminate nuclear weapons.
We view this as an important gesture that will carefully launch practical ways and means to achieve nuclear disarmament.
The first speaker was the representative of Greece, a member of the European Union.
Unlike the Ottawa Convention, it has not completely banned mines but has gained broad support in the way forward.
At the same time, my Government has sent a clear signal that it does not intend to sacrifice the future and has nominated a diplomat in an important position in Oai (Ministry of Foreign Affairs).
The Congolese Government is very pleased that the draft UNCITRAL model legislative provisions on privately financed infrastructure projects represent progress in the real sense, and it will enable States to coordinate their legislation. The Government of the Congo decided to merge the model provisions and the UNCITRAL Legislative Guide on Privately Financed Infrastructure Projects into a single text and to retain all legislative recommendations.
Decision on the next meeting, including dates and venue
Recalling further paragraph 102 of the Final Document adopted by the Thirteenth Conference of Heads of State and Government of Non-Aligned Countries, held in Kuala Lumpur from 20 to 25 February 2003, in which it noted, inter alia, that the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Indian Ocean would continue to conduct informal consultations on the Committee's future work,
Table 11.5 Resource requirements by subprogramme
In addition to mine action, one of Ukraine's priorities for peace and security policy.
We believe that addressing mine issues in many post-conflict situations is a prerequisite for peace consolidation and reconstruction.
In Guatemala, an administrative coordination unit was established in 1997 to identify and destroy unexploded ordnance.
Furthermore, the representative of Israel announced his readiness to cooperate on landmines.
Progress in the implementation of the HIPC Initiative is extremely difficult and slow, with cumbersome procedures and even putting an end at the end of the process, unlikely to find itself at a sustainable debt level.
UNFPA expects that the implementation of the enterprise resource planning system will replace all existing systems used by Headquarters and country offices.
Training.
Posts.
DP/1997/2.
Prisoners who have served their sentences for the last four months may be carried out through electronic monitoring.
UNEP noted that it supported the work of the Centre in the area of crime prevention and expressed its hope for future cooperation on issues of common concern.
In view of my responsibilities as President of the Islamic Summit, I believe it is my duty to inform you of the decisions taken at the meeting so that you convey to the members of the Security Council, so that they take our position into account in their consideration of the above issues.
If we continue our efforts on the basis of these fundamental points, I am confident that we can outline new prospects for global security: respect for human rights in fighting the threats facing our times, including terrorism.
The remainder will be reported in the coming instalments.
The Panel compares the Palestinian “late claims” with the full category “C” original claim and the total number of groups: the comparison with Kuwaiti, Jordanian and Palestinian claimants who have submitted claims by Governments and international organizations.
An important objective of the review was to provide concise and highly qualitative information on a number of issues of representative United Nations technical cooperation to assist programme countries in decision-making on technical cooperation and to assist donors in making necessary adjustments in funding decisions.
According to this statement, interaction between United Nations technical cooperation providers offers options and overall coherence is achieved through country programming processes.
Also welcomes the ongoing dialogue between the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee and relevant bodies for the promotion and protection of human rights in the fight against terrorism, and encourages the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee to continue to develop its work with relevant human rights bodies, in particular the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, with due regard to the promotion and protection of human rights in the context of Security Council resolutions related to counter-terrorism;
The concept of a culture of peace encompasses respect for life, full respect for human rights, rejection of violence, sustainable human development, conflict prevention and tolerance, solidarity, pluralism and mutual understanding among States and ethnic, religious, cultural and other groups and individuals, today the range of values, ideas, traditions, patterns of conduct and lifestyles covered by the concept of a culture of peace has become an integral part of almost all major national, regional and multilateral forums.
Contributions pledged to the United Nations Development Fund for Women for 2003 as at 30 June 2003
For example, when participating in international military operations, the Norwegian armed forces may use a high-distance cluster bomb.
Albania, Belgium, Bhutan, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, India, Italy, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Serbia and Montenegro, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Turkey, Turkey.
Concluding observations of the Committee of the Rights of the Child: Czech Republic (CRC/C/15/Add.201), 2003, para. 566 cited in E/CN.4/Sub.2/2003/23/Add.1, para.
In this regard, we welcome the results achieved by those organizations at United Nations Headquarters on 6 March.
It cannot be allowed to submit lengthy national reports to cover those States that have committed themselves to supporting and glorify terrorism.
Also requests Israel to comply with Articles 100, 104 and 105 of the Charter of the United Nations in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, in the safety of Agency staff, in the protection and security of Agency institutions, and in the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations;3
Control of precursors
On agenda item 107 “Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing”, following resolution 57/167, the Secretary-General submitted a report entitled “Follow-up to the Second World Assembly on Ageing” (A/58/160).
Article 20 defines the continuous nationality until the date of the claim, which is related to individuals, and is extended to legal persons on judicial grounds.
However, there are still vulnerable employees who have been marginalized under a decade-long deregulation in the labour market and have almost no access to the protection of trade unions, although allegations of violations of good faith have been made, mediation through employment-related legislation has led to a number of confrontations in industrial relations and has led to other areas such as human rights and the environment.
His delegation recognized that the ceiling on paid parental leave would limit some fathers to join the programme, in particular taking into account the continuing wage gap between men and women.
In order to counter the pressure from male rights groups, New Zealand has endeavoured to focus its attention on children whose marriage or relationship is dissolved.
They believe that sufficient and clear information has been available to the Interim Chemical Review Committee to make recommendations by consensus and to include chrysotile asbestos in all relevant standards that have been met and have followed relevant procedures.
Table 3. Third instalment category “A” claims corrections
(c) Contributions from the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.45
Resolutions
Macroeconomic policy questions
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
A/C.3/58/L.32 Item 116 -- Right of peoples to self-determination -- 27-Power draft resolution -- Use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the right of peoples to self-determination [A C E F R S]
Long-term private capital flows to developing countries
The first increase in net inflows was due to the rapid growth in financial deregulation and European dollar markets in industrialized countries.
In the 1990s, official “savings” operations became the main international mechanism for dealing with debt-servicing capacity issues, but many of them were considered relevant to their application.
19 Debt Relief International, “Implementing HIPC II: Meeting of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) Ministers with the Bretton Woods institutions”, 7 HIPC Ministerial Conference, Washington, D.C., 27 September 2002, www.dri.org.uk.
(h) A common third-party insurance scheme should be adopted at the bilateral, subregional and regional levels;
In paragraph 56 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/387), reference was made to two proposed measures: improving the quality of reports and analyses arising from special procedures and selection of appointees, developing better guidelines for operational activities and reporting guidelines: and strengthening the capacity of the Organization to support special procedures, including the appointment of more senior professional staff and good administrative support.
However, there are 14 women representatives in 99 delegates to the National Assembly, while one of the six members of the Royal Advisory Council is female.
At this stage, the number of secondary schools (II) has exceeded the absorptive capacity of existing educational infrastructure.
Although there is no parallel plan for women in particular, the Royal Government has committed itself to incorporating measures to promote women's participation in development into all sectoral plans and programmes to reflect the particular needs and potential of women.
Divorce is not rare, since Bhutan does not, like many other countries, prohibit divorce.
More than half of the actions taken to combat such transactions have led to the transfer of sex workers into underground sources, which are not monitored and processed, or provide advice on HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.
36 Royal Government of Bhutan, Ministry of Education, 2001.
There is widespread recognition that trade liberalization will yield great economic benefits.
The first phase of the World Summit on the Information Society, to be held in Geneva in 2003, should help improve the use of information and communication technologies by all countries and bridge the digital divide.
Finally, an outline of areas in which agreement has been reached and the outstanding issues will be addressed in order to prepare a universally acceptable instrument, in accordance with the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property adopted by the Commission at its forty-third session and the discussions and outcomes of the Open-ended Working Group and the Ad Hoc Committee of the Sixth Committee.
Both hotels were occupied by Iraqi forces and extensively damaged; the second hotel had been used as a centre for detainees and Kuwaiti prisoners; and the Iraqi forces had been widely burned at the third claim hotel.
Thus, for example, with regard to the three claims submitted by persons operating in Kuwaiti hotels referred to in paragraphs 153 to 154 above, the Panel concluded that the period of compensation had been established in each case, taking into account the nature of the bodies administered in each case, the extent of significant losses sustained, the duration of reconstruction and the improvement measures as part of the rehabilitation, the first and second claimant, respectively, on 31 March 1991 and 9 July 1991 and the third claimant.
111. Calculating the internal value of commercial securities, cash flows and reserves should be forecast and the expected profit and loss flows should be determined through assumptions.
Ibid., paras. 209 and 210.
Bearing in mind that mines and other unexploded ordnance pose a serious threat to the safety, health and life of local civilians and personnel involved in humanitarian, peacekeeping and recovery programmes and operations,
Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 24 of Security Council resolution 1483 (2003) (S/2003/715)
Iraq has made a great contribution to our understanding and appreciation of the law, science and the arts, which is indeed a great contribution to human civilization.
It is clear that this contribution of Iraqi friends who share common values with the Iraqi people should be a response to the hopes and aspirations of the Iraqi people.
GNI declined to nearly half of 2000.
6 Information received from the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator for the Occupied Territories (Office of the Coordinator of the Occupied Territories), on 16 September 2003, para.
The Advisory Committee recommends approval by the Executive Board of the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003, the level of staffing proposed for the biennium 2002-2003, and approved projections for 2004-2005 on the basis of the information referred to in paragraph 8 above.
Thus, the resignation of two United Nations information centres visited by the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
United Nations
Source: According to the Spanish education statistics of the Ministry of Higher Education in Spain and the Ministry of Science Education of the National Statistical Office.
With regard to total population mortality, there were 371,102 deaths in 1999, of which 47.39 per cent were women.
The network is composed of professionals, and efforts have led to the use of special issues of women's health as part of programming and research.
Policies and programmes
Legal revision of the status cited above
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/14.
They have a serious impact on children.
There is no doubt that this issue constitutes a long-term challenge for the entire United Nations family.
In many countries of the world, children are the main victims of armed conflict.
The United States maintained its support for the mandatory recruitment of 18 years as a national actor and the recruitment or use of non-State actors in hostilities.
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Commends the Board for its efforts in monitoring the implementation of its relevant resolutions, in particular with regard to:
* This document was submitted late due to internal consultations.
When public sector effects or “effectiveness” are consistent with the objectives guiding its operations, the public sector can be viewed as efficient.
Decision of the Conference.
Operative paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
In this view, a comprehensive approach could not yield constructive results.
See also the 2003 Protocol on the Establishment of an International Oil Pollution Supplementary Fund to supplement the Fund.
On 21 June 2003, my Special Representative sent a letter to the Administrator explaining the understanding of our common and individual responsibilities of the United Nations, as provided by resolution 1483 (2003), on the orderly transfer of authority in the oil-for-food programme.
http://www.cisg.at/1_2999v.htm (de text)
Promotion of the cultural rights of everyone and respect for different cultural identities
Such lessons can be learned from external evaluations, project monitoring and/or knowledge generated through “bottom-up learning” during the project.
While awareness and understanding of the extent of improvement is rare for behavioural change, they can usefully complement and enhance information and action on other interventions.
Recalling the Convention on International Liability for Damage Caused by Space Objects and the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space,
In addition, in addition to the Bouaké region, the Forces nouvelles does not permit sufficient freedom of movement for military liaison officers; in Mann and Buna, they permit only control of access to military liaison officers.
Financial aspects
Requests the Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, in cooperation with other relevant international and regional organizations, to assist States in developing relevant legislation and regulations and to provide additional expertise or technical assistance in the ratification and implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime5 and its Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, and encourages Member States to continue supporting the work of the Centre through voluntary contributions to the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Let us strengthen the fight against terrorism.
In its efforts to find a peaceful solution to the Iraqi crisis within the Security Council, Angola has consistently advocated a peaceful solution to the conflict and reaffirms that the use of force should never be a last resort.
I would also like to thank Mr. Blix and Mr. ElBaradei for their excellent work, characterized by neutrality and objectivity.
At the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken on the first preambular paragraph and operative paragraph 35 (a), which was retained by 51 votes to 1, with 0 abstentions.
The text of the resolution as a whole was adopted without a vote.
While the Committee wished to spare no effort to improve the Committee's capacity to comply with the Protocol, the Committee was also aware that the change of baseline data was a serious matter and that it could be accepted only if the Committee fully considered that there was substantial grounds for change. The Committee had already developed a scheme for future applications.
Lastly, he noted that, in the context of both major atmospheric changes, the environmental impacts made us more justified efforts to protect the ozone layer: the faster pace we have achieved, the more the damage caused.
(ii) All termination of methyl bromide consumption on 1 January 2007, in addition to the necessary uses that may be approved by Parties;
The Netherlands has signed a letter of intent to strengthen cooperation with Colombia in a port security programme, including cooperation between the public and private sectors, such as police and port companies.
(ii) The party against whom the interim measure is directed does not receive appropriate notification of the appointment of an arbitrator or of the arbitral proceedings [in such cases, the court may suspend the enforcement proceedings before the arbitral tribunal has heard a statement by the parties]; or
It was further explained that the revised draft was intended that, in order to allow the courts to accept and enforce a particular interim measure to have discretion, the Court should not only be convinced of the existence of significant problems, but also be convinced that the issue was an appropriate basis for refusing to implement and recognize.
It was generally agreed that this provision should avoid unnecessary deviations from the text of articles 35 and 36.
In this connection, the Working Group believes that it should also be left to the applicable procedural law.
If a State is less likely to refuse implementation, there is no contradiction between the uniformity sought by these model provisions.
C. determinants of quality and cost of logistics services 13 - 16 7
Vienna, 17-21 November 2003
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce also lacks specific rules on this issue.
The courts unanimously found that Internet commodity advertisements were intended only to be an invitation (invitalio additives of preferences) and that a binding contract was established only when the seller accepted the offer of the buyer (an offer).
In the financial intermediation sector, the Financial Police Service, mainly through the Monetary Special Police Unit (in accordance with its authorization, will work with the Tax Police in various regions and provinces, in accordance with section 510 of Law No. 197 of 5 July 1991 as amended by Decree No. 153 of 26 May 1997, as a supervisory authority to investigate money-laundering as follows:
It is very clear that this crime must be committed in the territory of Italy or, in any event, within the jurisdiction of Italy.
First counts
(Signed) NGUE MB
At the same time, the fundamental nature of the Special Court as the Cambodian National Court would not be affected.
The accused Naser Azemi, Gazmend Zeqiri and Freiz Delui came from the town of Vitina, accused of terrorist activities, illegal possession of weapons and ammunition and incitement to hatred.
It reiterated that the Joint Liaison Group should, as appropriate, invite the secretariat of the Ramsar Convention to exchange information and participate in the activities of the Joint Liaison Group; it reaffirmed the relevance of the technical documents prepared by the IPCC on linkages between biodiversity and climate change as a valuable contribution to the work of the Convention; it took note of the UNCCD, the Convention on Biological Diversity and the UNFCCC cross-cutting theme areas and activities described in document FCCC/SBSTA/2002/INF.16;
Harvard University (Press: Robert K. Kennedy Visiting Professor and Philippe Hanman, taught the course entitled “The Empowerment of Justice”, to analyse ways and means at the national and international levels of the Prosecutor's implementation of public and private law and to review the crimes committed by prosecutors and to organize a seminar entitled “Human rights, international commerce, corruption and the promotion of the rule of law in developing countries”.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Requests the secretariat of the Global Environment Facility, in consultation with the secretariat of the Convention, to initiate a dialogue with a view to more effectively implementing guidance from the Conference of the Parties to the GEF entities operating financial mechanism, drawing on lessons learned from GEF-funded projects and programmes, in order to simplify these guidance and to report on the results of this dialogue to the COP at its tenth session;
It should act flexibly as a framework for country-driven action to address specific requirements and circumstances of Parties and reflect their national priorities and initiatives.
In addition, in view of the damage caused by the conflict, the Committee on Contributions considered that it would be preferable to re-evaluate the country's 2003 rate of assessment and to apply the United Nations operational rate of exchange rather than price adjustment rates to prepare the current scale.
The European Union believes that adjustments to a number of assessments, in accordance with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, should not in any case lead to an increase in other Member States on the scale set out in the Assembly.
The United States Virgin Islands is an organized and unintegrated Territory of the United States of America.
Among other things, the Civil Rights Code lists the right to due process and equal protection, freedom of expression, association and freedom of religion.
One of the concerns expressed in recent years is the high drop-out rate in the Territory.
He regretted the violations of civilian rights by all parties to the conflict in Burundi and called on all warring parties to pursue lasting peace.
In the course of consultations with the “Montreal International” and the Canadian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, a senior diplomatic officer was seconded for a year in the Permanent Mission of the UNESCO International Secretariat for Communication Technologies.
(c) International financial system and development;
Legislation with the objectives of Gada and the Taliban has been updated on a number of occasions to bring them into line with the exceptions foreseen in resolution 1452 (2002).
(c) Amir of the Ministry of Education, promulgated on 7 January 1979
As a result, OIOS discontinued nine of the first 13 audit recommendations and reiterated four recommendations, three of which were accepted by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Conditions of service and compensation for officials other than Secretariat officials: members of the International Civil Service Commission and Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/C.5/57/3)
In the case of any offence covered by this article, the State party shall endeavour, subject to its domestic law, to expedite extradition procedures and simplify the relevant evidentiary requirements.
No person shall be prosecuted, detained, punished or subjected to any other restrictions on his or her liberty in the territory of the State to which he or she was transferred in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 11 of this article, regardless of nationality.
(d) To evaluate and strengthen institutions, public administration, public finances management, including public procurement and the private sector;
Each State Party shall provide the Conference with information on its programmes, plans and practices, as well as on legislative and administrative measures, to implement this Convention, at its request.
Israel and Palestine must live in peace and security within recognized borders.
North-East Asian peace and security and international non-proliferation positions must not allow North Korea to develop and possess nuclear weapons.
Part I
Are there other benefits to enhance domestic capacity?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS issued revised version 6 of the Guidelines (www.unhchr.ch/hiv/96), providing guidance on the access of States and other actors to prevention, medical care, care and support opportunities within HIV/AIDS.
b The former German Democratic Republic acceded to the Convention on 20 February 1975.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided that the term of office of members should be commenced on 21 April from the date of its election.
The revised appeals requirements remain modest and only $71.5 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure equality between women and men as provided for in article 2, paragraph (2), and article 3, of the Covenant.
The Committee recommends that the State party enact specific legislation against trafficking in persons and ensure its effective implementation.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing policy and its federal housing programme and to take measures throughout the country to ensure adequate housing facilities and equipment for families.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the ancestral lands of Operators and to ensure that any expulsion is consistent with the guidelines set out in its general comment No. 7.
Non-governmental organizations should be encouraged to make joint statements.
They also contain extremely useful terminology definitions, such as “from their surface” or “tendering sites”, which have different meaning in paper-based environments and e-environment.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress and challenges in meeting the major development goals and targets adopted by the United Nations during the past decade
Activities:
Determining the conditions for Iraqi industrial research and technology development enterprises and providing the necessary support for reconstruction.
The Arab Labour Organization believes that the following forms of assistance must be provided to all social partners in Iraq, including labour management organizations, businessman organizations and workers' organizations:
- UN-Habitat will provide assistance for the development of relevant norms for radio and television production.
In addition, encouraging high-income and middle-income countries to contribute to UNICEF core resources in accordance with their capacity to avoid increasing reliance on limited donor countries.
Many of these clearly reflect the alignment with UNDAF and the UNICEF contribution to the Millennium Development Goals.
The draft decision was adopted.
Thus, the FIU promotes training programmes related to the prevention of capital legalization and financing of terrorism through forums, seminars and conferences.
With regard to illicit synthetic drugs, especially amphetamine-type stimulants, we have little information about their production and production, but illicit production has begun to expand from traditional centres in North America, Europe and East Asia.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The Secretariat informed the Committee of Permanent Representatives that the organization and substantive preparations had been conducted as planned; most unedited pre-session documents had been distributed to all members of the Committee and posted on the Committee's internal website; and the final version, as edited, would be posted on the UN-Habitat Internet as soon as possible.
Add the first preambular paragraph
Official exports were reported to reach $28 million from January to May 2003.
No one made a statement under this item.
Emphasizes that the primary objective of the introduction of new technologies should be to improve the quality of conference services and to ensure timely delivery of conference services in the most cost-effective manner, and requests the Secretary-General to report on the use of new technologies;
In order to achieve this, activities such as the African Development Forum, which aim to reach consensus on important issues in Africa's development and to forge a collective African perspective on these issues and on ways to enhance cooperation between Africa and its bilateral and multilateral partners.
Ms. Gabr observed that this major problem of poverty had a direct impact on girls' education and had led to an increase in illiteracy among women, and said that urgent remedial measures were needed.
Specific UNICEF support is provided in country cooperation programmes.
The examples cited were used only for illustrative purposes and could not be used.
The Council reiterates its intention to continue to examine closely the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina and welcomes the European Union Police Mission deployed since 1 January 2003.
Shortly thereafter, the “United States-led Joint Command” was unilaterally disguised as “United Nations Command” and has been misused to date to violate the sovereignty of a United Nations Member State.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 10 and 159.
Sub-Commission on the Promotion
These consultations included the Chairperson's meeting on the draft general comments of the organization of Toronto, Canada, from 19 to 20 July 2003, organized by the Centre for Equal Rights in Accommodation, the Women's Economic Equity Project and the International Network on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights.
Figure 2 presents export earnings data from various sources.
This provides for investigation and preventive detention of persons committing human cloning.
The Joint Fact-Finding Group continued to investigate violence with the active participation of all parties.
Human rights officers continue to provide advisory services to the local population.
Geneva, 30 June-25 July 2003
Staff in the Professional and higher categories appointments of one year or more
Table 1 Comparison of gender distribution by department and grade.
The United Nations Development Group reported on this issue to the High-level Committee on Management at its current session and proposed policy principles, objectives and objectives aimed at facilitating spousal employment.
In April 2000, the International Organization for Family Care, a model project entitled “Having Women's Life: A Skills Care Initiative” was awarded a grant of US$ 8 million for the five-year period from the Bill and Melinda Gates Fund, significantly enhancing the financial base of the International Family Care Organization.
On 19 April 2000, Mrs. Pôlete Girard, President of the Association, transmitted to the Secretary-General of the United Nations the Charter of International Judges, adopted at the annual meeting of the International Association of Judges held in Seoul in November 1999.
It is defined that individuals, families and communities are permanently or temporarily expelled from their homes or lands in contravention of their will without, or cannot invoke appropriate legal or other forms of protection.
However, the recent study by the United Nations and others on the analysis of the impact of sanctions concluded that such exemptions did not produce such effects.
In order to effectively exercise this function, it is important that the relevant courts or tribunals describe the nature and impact of the Convention and the important role of judicial remedies in its implementation.
Article 13 (2) (b) - Right to secondary education
However, autonomy must be linked to the public liability system, as is the case for State-funded activities.
The Committee considers that corporal punishment is incompatible with the fundamental guiding principles of international human rights law contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and in the preamble to the two Covenants: the dignity of individuals.
Specific legal obligations
In particular, international financial institutions, in particular the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, should give greater attention to the protection of the right to health in their lending policies, credit agreements and structural adjustment programmes.
(c) Refugees, asylum-seekers, internally displaced persons and returnees, whether in camps or in urban and rural areas, have adequate water.
The State party's interference with water rights may constitute a breach of the obligation to respect.
National ombudsmen, human rights commissions and similar bodies should be allowed to deal with cases of violations of water rights.
“The Committee wishes to reiterate its willingness to assist States parties in fulfilling their reporting obligations.
Each State Party has generally noted the means of declaring a state of emergency as set out in its legal system and the applicable regulations governing derogations.
Article 19
In order to comply with the specific provisions of paragraph 3 (a), an offence may be raised orally or in writing, provided that the law and facts it is based.
In interpreting the scope of the permissible limitation clause, the State party should aim at protecting the rights guaranteed by the Covenant, including equality on all grounds and non-discrimination rights as set out in articles 2, 3, and 26.
In many civil and political instruments, the interaction of many articles can ensure the objectives of the Convention.
The principle of one vote must be implemented, and the votes cast by the voters shall be equal within the framework of each national electoral system.
The State party must provide information to enable the Committee to assess the impact of any laws and customs that may interfere with the enjoyment of the right to privacy and other rights protected under article 17 on an equal basis with men.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights provides for the right of peoples to self-determination, in addition to the right of racial, religious or linguistic minorities to enjoy their own culture, beliefs and practice their own religion or language.
In order to ensure independence and effective monitoring, independent national human rights institutions must have adequate infrastructure, funds, including funds earmarked for the rights of children in broad-based institutions, staff, premises and no financial control over their independence.
Government departments can only be consulted.
Clearly, the views of the Non-Self-Governing Territories must be taken fully into account in any future decolonization programme.
Therefore, we are not submitting it as a formal draft resolution, but rather wish to give delegations the opportunity to consider it and decide how we can do.
The Committee may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of work for its sessions.
Statement by the delegation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland in exercise of the right of reply to the statement made by the Prime Minister of Mauritius in the general debate on 24 September 2003
Requests the Secretary-General, in consultation with Member States, relevant organizations of the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, the private sector and civil society, to prepare a report on the preparations for the International Year of Microcredit 2005, and to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session under the item entitled “Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)”.
Bermuda has three levels of courts, namely the Magistrates Court, the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeal.
The Act grants British citizenship to the people of the Overseas Territories, including Bermudians.
At the same time, Bermuda's high cost of living is high and purchasing power is the ninth largest in the world.
The average pension income for people over 54 is $112,286.
Bermuda believes that the high level of education in Bermuda is a major aspect of its comparative advantage compared with other overseas centres.
The objectives of these activities will include government officials; criminal law and criminal justice experts; public administration chiefs; parliamentarians; practitioners in crime prevention and criminal justice; readers of penal and criminal journals and other publications; officials and members of specialized agencies, judges, law enforcement officials and other relevant professional groups.
This list should also include assets frozen pursuant to resolutions 1267 (1999), 1363 (2001) and 1390 (2002).
Calls upon all donor countries and countries in a position to do so to substantially increase their contributions to the core/regular budget of the United Nations development system, in particular funds and programmes, whenever possible, to contribute on a multi-year basis, and stresses the need to further explore other sources of funding, which complement rather than replace traditional sources;
Notes the enhanced collaboration between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions, and requests the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to explore ways to further enhance cooperation, collaboration and coordination, including through full reference to the priorities of recipient countries, and in this regard stresses the importance of ensuring greater coherence among United Nations funds, programmes and agencies, as well as with national poverty reduction strategies, including those developed;
Emphasizes the importance of assisting the least developed countries affected by conflict, natural disasters and other humanitarian situations, improving their institutional capacity and providing adequate support for the efforts of the least developed countries in such situations in recovery, reconstruction, long-term sustainable development, poverty reduction and peacebuilding;
Recalling also its agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United Nations system and its subsequent decision to undertake a dedicated review and appraisal of the system-wide implementation of those agreed conclusions by the coordination segment of the first meeting in 2005,
Considering also the programme of work annexed to the Barcelona Declaration and Declaration, which emerged from the Euro-Mediterranean Regional Conference held in Barcelona, Spain, in November 1995, with the aim of linking the Mediterranean Transport Network and the Trans-European Transport Network to ensure interoperability of the two people,
(d) Transfers and introduction of new technologies through foreign direct investment and other channels cannot ensure that technology is available.
At its 42nd plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council recognized the following four members of the United Nations Research Institute for Social Development for a four-year term of office: Yakin Ertürk (Turkey); Elizabeth Ein (Argentina); Marya Pavlo-Silkka (Russian Federation) and Samassou (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland).
At its 46th plenary meeting, on 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/27 of 22 April 2003, endorsed the Commission's decision to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the right to adequate housing as a component of the right to an adequate standard of living for three years and requested the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.
Haiti's Housing and Social Integration Foundation
(d) To take note of the Committee's no longer considering complaints by States regarding:
Bureau of the Commission on Sustainable Development
Invites Parties that use, produce, import and/or export DDT to provide the secretariat with relevant information on the use of the above-mentioned draft format and questionnaire activities six months prior to the first meeting of the Conference of the Parties;
The resources of the Conference of the Parties shall be:
The Legal drafting group noted that no procedures had been established for this decision-making process.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
• Chile (16 June 1992;
Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network, to prepare a discussion guide for the regional preparatory meetings for the Eleventh Congress;
The five speakers made a statement on the subject of trafficking in persons, focusing in particular on data collection, global trends in trafficking, trafficking in western Africa, trafficking in South-Eastern Europe and trafficking in children.
With regard to trafficking in children in West Africa, traditional forms of education for rural children were reported to be placed in urban households, which in some cases became forms of trafficking.
UNITAR workshop on the structure of United Nations resolutions, to be prepared and adopted in English
No indication was found of new nuclear facilities or directly supporting any nuclear activities.
Question of Tokelau
States should not lose sight of the tendency to ignore the rule of law in their efforts to combat terrorism.
At the first regular session of the Executive Board in January 2003, in its report on the implementation of the UNOPS revised budget for 2002 (DP/2003/CRP.3), the Executive Director presented a year-end preliminary forecast that UNOPS actually produced better results in all its operational parameters.
IAEA inspection team
Panel I: The Panel left the Canal Hotel at 8 a.m. to the abandoned facilities at Al Muthanna.
Article 19 of the Migrants Protocol and article 14 of the Trafficking Protocol.
Signature: Ghana (12 September 2003)
Draft resolution III is entitled “Implementation of strategic deployment stocks”.
The draft resolution was adopted as a whole by 135 votes to 2 (resolution 57/35).
Political discussions are indeed important, and the First Committee remains an important venue for delegations to present their views.
We hope that the General Assembly will support the adoption of the draft resolution without a vote, as at the previous session.
With the same clear objectives, several countries have supported the call by the Organization of American States to comply or ratify the Treaty.
We also believe that the idea of the establishment of a group of experts is worthy of consideration and that the Secretary-General of the United Nations can convene the Panel of Experts, with the approval of the Security Council, to implement specific verification tasks.
In this context, special mention should be made that the Norwegian Refugee Board's Global IDP Project will enhance the application of the Guiding Principles as one of its primary tasks.
Although corporations are the principal legal persons in the field of diplomatic protection, it is not the only legal person that may need such protection.
Paragraph 1, paragraph 2, or paragraph 3, of this article apply regardless of whether an arbitration, judicial or similar procedure is related to a dispute that is or has been the subject of conciliation proceedings.
I am grateful to them for all of them on our side and for the peaceful resolution of the crisis.
However, in order to maximize the impact of JIU on the cost-effectiveness of activities within the United Nations system, the quality of the development and recommendations of the programme of work is not enough.
The team carried out a week and then returned to the Canal Hotel.
In 2005, a thematic network (consultants and participants' travel of $40,000) was assisted in the organization of the national ministerial meeting of Northern Mediterranean Parties in 2004 (including consultants, logistics costs and travel of participants) to assist non-European Union country Parties to participate in Annex IV through the UNCCD North Mediterranean Fund in 2004 and to assist in the launching of a web site ($30,000).
During the continued dialogue on the island's future, the St. Helena Legislative Service published 13 draft strategic objectives by the end of 2002 to enable the Government to negotiate its new three-year aid agreement with the United Kingdom (2004-2007).
“f) Maintenance of a fixed place of business entirely for the activities referred to in subparagraphs (a) to (e) of any portfolio, provided that the overall activity of the fixed place of business as a result of the combination of such activities is preliminary or complementary.
The Government of Hungary is confident that the present report and the previous reports will contribute to the Committee's assessment of the action taken by Member States and to the recommendation to improve existing measures for consideration by the Security Council.
(2) For the purposes indicated in subparagraph (a), the seizure of large amounts of assets or property and the return of the assets or property to exchange conditions will be punishable under subsection (1) to government agencies or international organizations.
The Republic of Korea's Federation of National Family Women's Club, Seoul, has launched a “Gender Online Monitoring Group” to report on sexual harassment and gender discrimination on the Internet.
The amount of a lump sum is determined by the Minister of Labour by year.
Women accounted for 50 per cent after 1990 and 51.6 per cent in 1998 and 51.5 per cent in 1999 and 2000.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (2000).
All acts leading to change in status, including birth, marriage, divorce, adoption, invalidity, death, registration, transfer, succession of heads of household, are effective only after the report.
In 2002, it adopted a law against organized crime.
Combating racism and supporting friendship among peoples
The discussion of the records of this summary record began from 2.25 p.m.
For the latter, what will be presented at the Committee's first session?
Ms. Weeks-Brown (Observer for the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said that IMF's intentions were not to develop a standard but to recognize the standards already developed by the international community.
We reiterate Nigeria's conviction that international law is the basis of inter-State relations; mutual respect and aspirations for peace are a link between States, large and small.
Corruption is a major factor in poor economic performance and a major obstacle to poverty reduction and development.
The Secretary of the Committee orally corrected the draft provisional programme of work of the Second Committee for 2004.
Agenda item 95
The draft resolution notes with satisfaction the growing collaboration between entities of the United Nations system and encourages them to continue such collaboration in support of the implementation of NEPAD.
At the special session of the Security Council Counter-Terrorism Committee held in March this year with international, regional and subregional organizations, the Group of Georgia, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Azerbaijan, Moldova presented a summary report on the counter-terrorism activities of this group.
It is this message that has led to the Millennium Declaration and the various summits that have taken place in the past few years, including, inter alia, the Monterrey, Doha and Johannesburg Summit.
Following the nomination of the representative of Belize, Djonymy (Jamaica) was also elected Rapporteur by acclamation.
The representative of the Department replied that some requests that the distribution of resources among the various language units of United Nations Radio would not change.
For agenda item 4, dealing with LDCs, he noted that building effective and sustainable capacities in LDCs was a complex issue and requires a long-term vision.
These goals are consistent with the international development goals on poverty governance, and poverty-based international development indicators plan to achieve at least 7 per cent of GDP growth per year and 25 per cent of GDP.
With regard to GATS negotiations, she expressed concern that many people had no access to important public services.
With regard to technical cooperation, the Secretariat should improve the effectiveness of activities and highlight the importance of assessing and implementing the recommendations arising from such work.
Moreover, these steps are not normative.
One member from Latin American and Caribbean States;
Four members from the Group of Western European and Other States.
Stressing that South-South cooperation is an important component of international cooperation for development and provides effective opportunities for developing countries and countries with economies in transition to pursue sustained economic growth and sustainable development individually and collectively,
Scheduled official meetings
The Committee will also begin its general debate on Monday, 6 October 2003, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The following is an example of the issues under the current agenda item referred to in the comments.
Recalling its resolution 2002/1 of 15 July 2002, as well as Council resolution 2002/304 of 25 October 2002, on the decision to consider the establishment of an ad hoc advisory group for any post-conflict African countries,
In order to combat trafficking and prostitution, the Government adopted a series of measures, which were published in November 2001 by the Ministry of Labour and Social Security in Belarus at the Centre for Gender Equality Information and Policy and the Belarusian Christian Women's Federation in the United Nations Office in that country.
Unless urgent steps are taken to resolve this deadlock, the fragile security situation in the country may further deteriorate.
As indicated in paragraph 43 and table 1 of annex IV, the 2004-2005 biennium budget of the Fund is $5.5 million, of which $429 million is programme resources and $3.3 million for programme support and $4.3 million for management and administration.
A portion of the operational costs of the office was drawn from the Russian Federation's annual special-purpose contribution to the Foundation (costed for activities in the Russian Federation).
At the fourteenth session of the Tribunal, the Committee on Budget and Finance held preliminary consideration of the 2004 budget.
Addendum
Other business
Rapporteur: Mr. Davide (Ireland)
Takes note of the continued work of the Legal Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space at its forty-second session as set out in General Assembly resolution 57/116,
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to submit its report on the review of the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III at its fifty-ninth session;
1 December 2003
(d) Request submitted by Lithuania to restore voting rights in accordance with article 5.2 of the UNIDO Constitution;
Noting with satisfaction the valuable support provided by UNIDO to the Palestinian economy through the implementation of its integrated programme aimed at developing and improving the Palestinian industrial sector, and in particular the encouraging results achieved during the pilot phase of the project, which began in 2000,
An analysis by the UNCTAD secretariat suggests that Africa's issues are a long-term issue.
Even with the most optimistic growth prospects in the world economy, it seems difficult to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
The failure of trade negotiations at Cancún is another concern.
Those who work in the sanctions committees are fully aware that the same name is repeated once.
We wish to suggest that this approach be further adopted in the future in Africa and other regions.
The outcome of these various discussions should be a reference by the Council to the issues it has assumed.
(d) To further recognize, in particular through training, criminal justice officials and other relevant personnel the obligation to respect the needs of victims of trafficking and the important role of victims in the investigation and prosecution of such crimes through:
Ms. Sims explained the difficulties in using the term “indigenous peoples” globally.
Wendland outlined the future sessions of WIPO on TK work and plans.
He met again with the senior government ministers, including the Minister of the Interior, Sar Kheng, the Minister of Agriculture, the Minister of Agriculture, and the Minister of Lands Administration, Im Chhunlem.
The proposed programme will also require extensive consultations, a well-known open debate and active consultation of judges and prosecutors in the future, as well as strong political will to overcome the gap between “legitimate areas” and “ realistic regions”.
With the end of armed conflict, large plots have become highly valuable assets and have led the military to claim ownership of the former theatre and uncontrolled remote areas.
The analytical process leading to the development of the Standard Rules is the product of the joint efforts of many international organizations and individual experts, including organizations of persons with disabilities and the Panel of Experts affiliated to the Monitoring Mechanism of the Standard Rules.
In Australia, support from some of the targeted entities is being investigated by the relevant Australian authorities.
While acknowledging the differences in national legal systems, cultural diversity and different stages of development, he noted that these differences should be taken into account in drafting preventive mechanisms, which should not be a reason for weakening the level of achievement of the goals of the future convention.
A number of mid-term reviews have found a wide range of advocacy activities, and it is therefore recommended that UNFPA maintain appropriate focus at the country level and select specific regions to carry out focused outreach activities.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has carefully reviewed the report with the assistance of its experts and has written to the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations to set out its preliminary comments.
I, resolution 1, annex I.
Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation on the issue of the “road map for peace in the Middle East” issued by the Quartet on international mediation, the Russian Federation, the United States of America, the European Union and the United Nations
Three people were killed in the explosion and more than 200 injured.
We also support the establishment of a United Nations observer mission to assist in the completion of the transition process and follow-up at the end of this year's mandate.
The Assistant Secretary of the Women's Division of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina made particular reference to the United Nations contribution to women's issues and their rights and needs and, in this regard, cited a number of important United Nations publications.
In accordance with its statute, the main purpose of the Fund is to implement social interest initiatives, such as promoting learning, research, culture and assistance activities, in order to promote social development of anti-smart culture among young people and to promote professional specialization in investigations and judicial bodies committed to preventing and combating organized crime.
Section 4 Responsibility of Departments, Offices and Heads of Mission
We note the ongoing work on simplification and harmonization of programming tools and the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, and we hope that these efforts will reduce transaction costs in developing countries and strengthen national ownership.
We are confident that the Organization will benefit from a coherent approach that promotes institutional rationalization, optimal use of resources, elimination of duplication, better coordination and standards for oversight and evaluation.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) Peacekeeping military exercises, “Byongo 2003”, held in Vilnius, Gabon, from 21 to 28 July 2003;
E. Judicial cooperation
Appreciation was expressed for the preparatory process for the preparation of the proposed programme budget.
Expected accomplishment (a), after “programme managers”, insert the words “in accordance with mandates”.
The Board is of the opinion that the repatriation grant to United Nations staff members who are expected to retire is over 50 years and that the International Civil Service Commission must review this.
The Committee noted that the objective of the consolidated CEB secretariat was to ensure a more coherent and coordinated response to policy directives and mandates of Member States by the United Nations system, and looked forward to the relevant part of General Assembly resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits at the national, regional and international levels.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35 of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In this regard, the Committee stresses the need for CEB to keep under review the issue of inter-agency coordination on NEPAD.
Responses to the door-to-door transport questionnaire and States and international organizations within the scope of the draft instrument
For example, the railway dimension must be taken into account.
An important recommendation was made by the experts responsible for the establishment of a web profile workshop, which should be considered by the General Assembly.
New York
Their pension increases vary according to pre-retirement wage and work age, up to 37.8 per cent (average of 6 per cent).
(c) Loss of tangible property
The claimant also stated that the agreement had been signed on 6 August 1990 and that it had not been signed solely for Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
Report on D claims involving the review of individual claims for loss of more than $1 million; E1 claims in the oil sector; E2 Report related to the review of claims submitted by non-Kuwaiti companies and other business entities; E3 Report on the review of non-Kuwaiti construction and engineering claims; F4 Report on the review of environmental claims; Report on Palestinian claims involving the review of individual claims for up to $1 million.
Decision on the fifteenth instalment of E2 claims (S/AC.26/Dec.210 (2003)).
UNIDO has established a large-scale triennial cooperation programme with the IDB/ Islamic Investment Insurance and Export Credit Corporation, which will be implemented in four countries (Bangladesh, the Sudan, Uganda and Yemen) in September 2003.
(a) In Latin America, new activities began in Chile and Uruguay.
Several waste disposal plants have been established in Ethiopia and process optimization activities have been carried out in several African countries.
Invites the Working Group to continue to seek the views and comments of all interested parties, including Member States, in the preparation of its report;
At the 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of Australia, on behalf of the Bureau, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism” (A/C.6/58/L.19) and orally amended it by inserting the dates for the next session of the Ad Hoc Committee, from 28 June to 2 July 2004, in operative paragraph 16.
Welcomes the significant progress made in the preparation of the draft comprehensive convention on international terrorism during the meetings of the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996 and the Working Group of the Sixth Committee established pursuant to Assembly resolution 57/277;
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• A large number of countries that are particularly affected by small arms and light weapons suggest that they need assistance not only in the preparation of import legislation but also in the development of legislative capacity
(m) An importer must obtain an import licence from its local authorities and a copy of the export licence from the exporter before the import;
(f) States should enhance their cooperation in the exchange of information on arms shipments and take measures to ensure the legality of shipments at airports, seaports and border areas;
At the national level, the Division will provide a comprehensive set of solutions to implement a standard computerized debt management system in the Finance Department and/or the Central Bank Debt Office, which will be trained and assisted in the effective use of the system.
1 GS (OL) - Language Assistant - Conference and Language Services Section from the former Common Services Division
2 P-4, Case Administrator
• Drafting of allegations and legal submissions in cooperation with the Appeals Section and the Legal Advice and Policy Section (article 61, paragraph 3 (a)) and (in particular with regard to evidence and procedures)
The objective of this subprogramme is to monitor and prosecute appeals proceedings before the Appeals Chamber, as follows:
• Large number of requests for participation and compensation from victims effectively dealt with in the Section, without undue delay or difficulties in proceedings
• General temporary assistance (16 months (P-2)
Therefore, the first half of 2004 will be the occasion for the Secretariat to build its capacity.
Participation
The Committee requests the Government of Luxembourg to provide more information on women's health, and Luxembourg is undertaking research to obtain gender-disaggregated data in the areas of infant and child mortality, breastfeeding women, prenatal and post-natal care and osteoporosis.
Nothing in this article shall be interpreted to undermine the rights of bona fide third parties.
Without prejudice to the norms of general international law, this Convention does not preclude States parties from exercising any criminal jurisdiction established under their domestic law.
The requesting State Party may reasonably request the requested State Party to provide information on the status and progress of measures taken to implement this request.
If such agreements or arrangements have not been concluded between the States Parties concerned, these States Parties may consider undertaking mutual law enforcement cooperation on the basis of this Convention against any crime covered by this Convention.
Stresses that the Convention and its implementation contribute to the strengthening of international peace and security, and stresses that, in the interest of all mankind, the possibility of using chemical weapons through the elimination of at all times;
Substantive session
Also requests the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, as necessary, to develop measures to prevent discrimination in the United Nations as a result of nationality, race, gender, religion and language, in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the Staff Regulations and Rules of the United Nations, and to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session;
“2. Requests the Secretary-General, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 35/13 B of 3 November 1980, to continue to take all necessary measures to establish the University of Jerusalem (Al-Quds) and to give due consideration to the recommendations consistent with the provisions of that resolution;
Strengthening the capacity of public administration to implement the United Nations Millennium Declaration
Even with developing country standards, Burkina Faso is also a very poor country, and the box below describes how the country, with the support of the United Nations system, can bridge the gap between initiatives and strive to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
Are your listed individuals stopped at your entry points or at transit?
Another speaker said that it was time to make greater efforts to disseminate widely the United Nations work in the world.
Environment of regulations 4
(b) Financial incentives: tax exemptions, reductions or exemptions for profit, capital, labour, sales, value addition and import; and other rewards:, for example, infrastructure subsidies and public facilities.
In particular, the following good practices should be borne in mind when implementing cluster development programmes:
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions has made the same recommendation (A/58/7/Add.5, paras. 7 and 11).
The scope of activities during this period is wide.
The inclusion of the concept of gender mainstreaming in the budget document at the first time in the programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001, as was adopted by the Economic and Social Council agreed conclusions (1997) and General Assembly resolution 52/100 of 12 December 1997, in which the Assembly requested all bodies dealing with the programme and budgets, including the Committee for Programme and Coordination, to ensure that all programmes, medium-term plans and programme budgets are clearly mainstreamed.
We cannot ignore the facts.
Israel has not stopped destroying property, confiscating land, detaining thousands of Palestinian youths, closing roads, laying down roads for Israeli settlements, limiting actions and all other measures allowing extremist Jews to enter Al-Haram Al-Sharif in East Jerusalem.
Expressing concern about the increasing restrictions on the ability of the Organization to provide assistance and protection to civilians, as mandated by the Charter of the United Nations, for humanitarian personnel, United Nations personnel and associated personnel,
Emphasizing that results-based management is a requirement for the full implementation of the work of the Tribunal and that the Tribunal's work should be directed to achieving expected results in due consideration of the completion strategy.
(k) Participation in the activities of the United Nations system: statements by the President to the General Assembly each year; meetings on the role of the Tribunal within the United Nations system.
Five other cases involving seven accused: one accused in the Semanza case, Nyigegeka, one accused in Kamuhanda, one accused in Kajelijeli, one accused in Kajelijeli, and three accused in the media.
Following a request by the Tribunal on 9 July 2001, the Security Council adopted resolution 1431 (2002), in which 18 ad litem judges were approved.
With regard to other False members, the Special Rapporteur also noted that Charles Li, a United States citizen, was arrested and sentenced to three years in an attempt to interfere with radio and television programmes; that Nancy Chenen, Australian citizens, was abducted by the National Security Service of China; Yhui Zhang, sentenced 10 years for the preparation and publication of articles on the situation of members of the Chinese Falun Gong; and 16 persons sentenced to a demonstration in Hong Kong.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to remind the United States authorities of their responsibility in responding to hostility towards Islam and hostility towards the Arab phenomenon.
The Special Rapporteur stresses the grave nature of these allegations and notes that this has not been the first letter on such incidents and regrets that the Government has not replied to them.
The concept of freedom of information is an important element of the most basic human rights, namely the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
This year, our countries will achieve their greatest aspirations, namely, to join the European Union.
We understand that the United Nations must be — and it is indeed becoming a base for the global coalition against terrorism.
I am confident that serious analysis and careful judgement must begin by trying to modernize United Nations instruments.
The chest authorities have been set up, as is the case in the car.
These indicators enable the Ministry of Health or other agencies to monitor national goals and plans aimed at improving reproductive health services and child health.
After the adoption of the resolution, a statement was made by the representative of the United States of America (see A/C.2/58/SR.40).
These tragedies have led the Special Rapporteur to make every effort within his mandate to ensure that Iraq's democracy is firmly rooted in a human rights culture and to bring to justice those responsible for serious and systematic human rights violations for decades.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/58/L.22 and A/C.2/58/L.58
The final guidelines promulgated in 2004 will cover the entire period of mine-action capacity-building projects (goal 3.2).
The text of the statement during the discussion on agenda item 7 is contained in unedited verbatim transcripts (COPUOS/Legal/T.683-685).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should request the Committee of Governmental Experts convened by Unidroit to discuss the relationship between the space assets protocol and the United Nations treaties on outer space in order to avoid discussing the issue at the same time in two forums.
A number of model clauses have been developed by Governments and private creditor associations involved in the Group of Ten.
The Rapporteur shall report on whether the information contained therein is known or suspected of involvement in money-laundering.
The Panel will continue its work through its meetings on specific issues selected by the London Group.
In this regard, the pilot project on the establishment of the United Nations international radio broadcasting capacity occupies its rightful place.
Conclusions
With regard to technical assistance and advisory services, the purpose of these activities is to build capacity in trade and services, investment, trade facilitation, commodities and external debt.
The President stated that, following consultations of the Council, he had been authorized to make a statement on behalf of the Council and read out the text of that statement (for the text, see S/PRST/2003/18; to be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 August 2003-31 July 2004).
Specific human rights and freedoms
Following a letter from Prime Minister Sharon dated 27 November last year, the Secretary-General is still awaiting a letter from the Government of Israel on its investigation into the death of Mr. Khack, who is a staff of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
Text of the draft general recommendation for article 4.1 of the Convention on interim measures (CEDAW/C/2004/I/WP.1).
To be held on Tuesday, 14 October 2003, at 10.30 a.m.
Option B will have a serious negative impact on this process.
The web site protected by password became operational in early 2003.
Subparagraph (c)
The mandate of the Security Council for the new United Nations Mission in Liberia must include a strong mandate for the protection of civilians and the promotion and protection of human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
While there are more pressing issues such as poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, Uganda agrees with France and Germany that the issue of human cloning will in any event affect.
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1959 to promote economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
A large number of institutions have provided financial assistance, advice or in kind support.
“Measures to identify new and innovative sources of funding at the international level, including the private sector, to support the implementation of UNISPACE III recommendations in developing countries”.
By 31 December 2002, only a half G-5 post at Headquarters was responsible for the supervision of the health insurance scheme, and a new post in 2003 should better control the delegated expenditure for medical insurance schemes in the field.
Of this amount, $1,149,291 was a reserve for 2001 to cancel funds paid to implementing partners for the period 1994-1990.
The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments under several assumptions: (a) sufficient extrabudgetary resources to undertake country-level assessments of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda; (b) member States are willing to support the establishment of Habitat Agenda monitoring mechanisms at the national and local levels; (c) member States wish to request technical advisory services to respond positively to the technical advice and to follow up on the Habitat Agenda monitoring policies and strategies through UN-Habitat's programmes and projects.
Administrative support services
Some delegations announced their recent action to approve legislation to develop or reform procedures for refugee status determination, while others reported steps to facilitate the transfer of responsibility for refugee status to national authorities by UNHCR.
After the Algiers Conference, the Commission of the African Union had made the required number of ratifications a high priority.
Report of the CARICOM secretariat
The States of the Commonwealth of Independent States have been confronted with massive international terrorism and extremism, believing that this evil is inextricably linked to global threats and cannot be protected from the “national building” without concerted efforts.
The Islamic Development Bank applied international accounting standards.
3-5 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round table 5 Relationship between the implementation of the agreements and commitments reached at the International Conference on Financing for Development and progress towards achieving the internationally agreed development goals, in particular those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration
48th plenary meeting High-level dialogue on the implementation of the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development [104 (b)]
Amendment to Regulation No. 98: 30 October 20031
There is no criminal liability for children under 9 years of age.
Under the Penal Code, any person who is engaged in the sale of children and any other type of illicit transaction shall be criminally liable.
Background
There is no multi-purpose and “time relative” problem in equipment and systems.
Strongly condemns the increasing incidence of all forms of violence against personnel involved in humanitarian operations, including, inter alia, murder, rape and sexual assault, intimidation, armed robbery, abduction, hostage-taking, kidnapping, harassment and illegal arrest and detention, as well as attacks on humanitarian convoys and the destruction and looting of their property;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 without a vote (see para. 32, draft resolution II).
Consumer products
Tomuschat believes that the purpose of establishing a system of strict or objective liability is simply to deal with extremely dangerous activities.
In such cases, however, the injured party is the entire country.
Options must be made between the approved law of the State and the law of the injured State.
The “Amoco Cadiz case (1978)” demonstrates the approach taken by the Court to measure damage to the environment.
Nor can the parent's Indian Oil Company be voluntarily liable.
(i) Decree No. 35 of 2003 on the prohibition of money-laundering (5 April 2003) provides for financial institutions and other industries involved in financial transactions (banking, currency exchange, finance companies, insurance companies, stock companies, loans and real estate companies):
The Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (formerly known as the Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention) is responsible for the following programme of work.
Other operational activities will be carried out in the context of resource constraints, such as criminal justice reform, in particular juvenile justice and prison reform.
The situation in the Middle East
As Chairman of the Committee on Information, I assure you of my full cooperation with all efforts to better publicize the work of the General Assembly in favour of ordinary people.
Culture of peace
Philippines
Recognizing further that crime prevention strategies and actions should be based on knowledge on broad, gender-sensitive and multidisciplinary approaches to proven and promising practices,
General Assembly resolution 56/261, annex, sect.
Claimant's name: Limited Kuwaiti Mattrade Company
They also called for measures to ensure the separation of armed elements from civilian refugees and to improve the registration of refugees.
In addition, the Russian Federation agreed with the Secretary-General's statement that it would be advisable to conduct in-depth discussions on globalization to examine specific aspects in more detail.
International Mining and Metals Council
2003/21 Provisional agenda and documentation for the second session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
Illicit brokering plays a key role in facilitating the illicit transfer of weapons to groups that cannot be bought by legal means; they have embargoed States and groups, insurgents, criminals and terrorists.
My delegation would therefore like to commend your predecessor, Mr. President, Mr. Matia Mumba Semakula Kiwanuka of Uganda, for the manner in which he led the work of the Committee during the fifty-seventh session.
• Decentralized services
• International Law Institute — African Centre of Law England (Uganda Kampala)
The experience of the World Bank in Andhra, India, shows how the decentralization of SMART (sound, ethical, credible, accountable and transparent) forms of governance is using the Internet to carry out reforms such as the Integrated Civil Service Information Centre and the Digitalization of Compact.
Calls upon States, international and non-governmental organizations to mobilize all necessary resources and support to strive to achieve the goals, strategic objectives and actions set out in the Beijing Platform for Action and further actions and initiatives for the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action;
The Coalition agreed that, following the parliamentary debate on autonomy this spring, the Government will take a decision on whether to establish a governmental entity/sector to deal with self-government matters and on whether a referendum on autonomy will be held.
Improving their conditions has been accorded top political priorities.
There is a need to strengthen incentives for work.
The Programme is based on the principle of equal opportunities.
The core task is to create a systematic and integrated monitoring and reporting network to provide objective, regular and accurate reports on ongoing violations of children.
Human rights and development
At least one member may be a universally recognized representative organization.
In this regard, the seminar was very important, including a British representative, who, in his own words, was personally informed of the real ideas of the Anguillans on the option of self-determination.
At the request, a special compendium of companies on Millennium Development Goals topics has been prepared for UNFPA (health for women), the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (humanitarian issues), UNHCR (refugee), UNDP and the Department of Economic and Social Affairs (water and sanitation), UNESCO (primary education) and UNIFEM (Information Technology and African women).
(vii) Encourage and support closer cooperation and coordination among United Nations entities, donors, civil society and Governments to maximize benefits and support gender mainstreaming and the advancement of women.
The discussion explored how to support the ongoing WTO negotiations on environmental goods and services.
The Group of 77 and China appreciated the ideas and the support expressed during the meeting to address these issues, in particular with regard to the recognition of clear measures to improve competitiveness, diversify and increase the value of products.
The WTO secretariat and relevant international organizations participated in all four meetings, the first meeting, entitled “Regional Conference on Competition Law and Policy in Latin America and the Caribbean”, held in Panama from 21 to 23 March 2002.
As a financial administration, the Bank of Indonesia has requested banks to report suspicious transactions to them and to enforce administrative sanctions for non-compliance with reporting provisions.
MAL 16(3)
The programme is based on objective and in-depth assessments of national needs and recognizes the most effective needs to be met through interregional and/or regional initiatives and exchanges.
This is a decision by the General Management Procedure of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation, which provides that the Executive Director, under the authority and guidance of the Council, is responsible for the overall leadership of the Foundation and provides technical and financial services related to the Fund.
Ways and means to maintain outer space for peaceful purposes
Costa Rica
The registration of objects launched into outer space under the Registration Convention is fully applicable to aerospace objects.
After two years of discussion, the views of States have been expressed, but they cannot be said about how new bridges can be built between them.
His delegation hoped that international consensus would be reached on this issue, if necessary to vote, support the Belgian proposal.
We therefore believe that it is important that the Security Council formally hear the views, suggestions and recommendations of the General Assembly on the Council's report.
We hope that the General Assembly's consideration of the report will provide useful feedback on the Council's future improvements in its work.
Annual year
Implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights
Second II
Expressing its grave concern that the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty has not yet entered into force,
Notes that the third and possible fourth meeting of the Preparatory Committee for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons should make every effort to submit a report containing recommendations to the Review Conference, taking into account the deliberations and outcomes of its previous meetings;
A/57/674, A/57/675 and Corr.1 and A/57/723.
Welcomes the signing or ratification of or accession by a number of States and takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention (E/CN.4/2003/80);
The team met with the head of the plant and asked about the construction and production operations of refinery ownership, adjacent to the North Gas Corporation (Nth Gas Company).
The people of Colombia support the Government in seeking to usurp territorial control, defend national sovereignty, combat drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption, strengthen justice and promote social development in poor areas and areas of armed conflict.
Australia.
See A/58/219.
This chapter describes the process and outlines some potential ideas on the content of the voluntary guidelines.
In paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also called for a set of voluntary guidelines to be prepared by a “Intergovernmental Working Group”.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights notes that international cooperation for development is an obligation of all States to achieve economic, social and cultural rights, in accordance with Articles 55 and 56 of the Charter of the United Nations and the principles established by international law.
Question:
It will be responsible for the efficient use of charter-based air transportation assets, monitoring the implementation of air charter contracts; ensuring compliance with established flight standards; liaising with national aviation authorities on air traffic control services, adequate navigation assistance, ground support equipment and services; and arranging flight permits.
Notes
In its resolutions 56/153 of 19 December 2001 and 57/203 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to prepare a comprehensive report on the promotion of international cooperation based on the principle of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity to strengthen United Nations action in the field of human rights, taking into account the views of Member States.
In this regard, however, caution was expressed that, in order to be acceptable to States, such laws must be properly balanced in the treatment of special priority creditors, secured creditors and unsecured creditors.
At its 1st meeting, the Chairman made a statement on the organization of work (see A/AC.109/2002/SR.1).
Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee on the implementation of the present resolution in 2003;
“In addition to the problems prevailing in developing countries, the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories, many of them small island Territories, are also experiencing difficulties as a result of many factors, such as small size, location, geographical dispersion, vulnerability to natural disasters, fragile ecosystems, transport and communications restrictions, far from commercial centres, weak local technological capacity, acute reliance on imported goods, small quantities of commodities, unsustainable resource depletion, and high-level migration.
I can certainly say that this seminar brought real hope to the people of the Pacific that the United Nations would participate in dialogue with the administering Powers in seeking some lasting solutions.
Of particular importance to the Committee was the statement of the people of Tokelau, who said that the meetings with the Special Committee had been successful as a result of the “human face”.
These activities have a wide range of effects, most notably the optimal use of resources, the planning and implementation of nuclear power plant projects, monitoring their functioning and improving skills.
Congolese men who are not required to marry an alien have joined female nationality.
As infrastructure and other social services are completely damaged, rural livelihoods cannot be maintained and agricultural activities cannot be carried out, while the return of millions of refugees has increased further.
With regard to the second index, while significant, unpaid assessments by Member States were much lower at the end of 2002, amounting to $184 million, compared to $21.6 million at the end of 2001.
The representative of Mexico referred to the country's national strategy for development and sustainable development, which was based on the protection of land and the marine environment.
In addition to television and film, where young people can see violence?
UNHCR has also provided emergency support to the water system in the area of return to refugees and internally displaced persons in Hargeisa and surrounding areas.
Support for proscribed groups
Latin America and the Caribbean
Emphasizes the importance of the rapid entry into force of the remaining Protocols of the Convention;
Participatory forest management must not only take into account gender differences in demand and priorities, but also ensure the development of programmes for women's independent access to use and rights to enable women to benefit sustainably from forest resources, while protecting forest resources.
Report of the President of the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties on the preparations for the First Review Conference of the Convention
Article 8
Step 13: Further develop the necessary verification capacity to ensure compliance by all parties with nuclear disarmament agreements, thereby establishing and maintaining a world free of nuclear weapons.
Annex to the letter dated 8 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
The observer for Afro-American Association of Jurists said that discrimination in the administration of justice was not only a problem of poverty, since middle-class or rich people of African descent were also discriminated against in the administration of justice.
Movement against Racism and for Friedrich Peoples, Mundo Afro, World Alliance of YMCA
The United Nations will do its utmost to assist Mr. Kouchner and his Government in implementing the road map and to move the path of peace.
“25. Takes note of the need for further consideration of whether the rights set forth in the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights are subject to judicial decisions and the need to further develop indicators and benchmarks to measure progress made by States parties in implementing the rights protected by the Covenant.
It was also pointed out that the mandatory time period was not proportionate to a certain exception to a security right, i.e. in some cases the priority was to set the time instead of the filing time (e.g., acquisition security rights).
A number of recommendations were made on other issues to be addressed in Chapter VII.
An independent evaluation of part of projects and programmes will be undertaken in accordance with agreements with beneficiary countries and donors.
The most urgent task is to strengthen the Palestinian economy and to lift its long-term dependence on the Israeli economy and to diversify.
Coordination, programme and other questions
Second periodic report of Morocco (CEDAW/C/MOR/2 and CEDAW/PSWG/2003/II/CRP.2/Add.3)
Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani said that there were 35 women in Parliament not only victory for Moroccan women but for women in Muslim countries; this victory had been shared by all women through the expansion of numbers.
Provisional agenda for the Ad Hoc Committee
On Sunday, the occupying forces attacked the town of Beit Hanoun in northern Gaza Strip, killing Palestinians and destroying property, including several houses.
States were reluctant to freeze tangible assets such as enterprises or property further complicated the issue.
Of the 272 individuals, there is little known whereabouts.
Together with those who cannot control the list worldwide, they have the opportunity to continue to acquire and manipulate business assets they hold or to circumvent the measures imposed by resolutions 1390 (2002) and 1455 (2003).
It appears that further challenges are expected to be reasonable.
The unique forms and causes of the HIV/AIDS-related crisis in southern Africa and the situation in Iraq have led the United Nations to clearly define its humanitarian role and responsibilities in such situations.
The present report describes areas where progress has been made in the implementation and international support for NEPAD and challenges and obstacles.
Guam is a duty-free port that facilitates the delivery of raw materials in manufacturing.
Further developments in the process leading to the determination of Kosovo's future will depend on the positive results of the comprehensive review.
Following a statement by the Government of the Republic of Serbia that the present form of this document is unacceptable, Kosovo Serb leaders also maintain a distance.
Now we need to support these mechanisms and provide them with the necessary resources.
How can it prove correct to delete the reference to resolution 1244 (1999), the Constitutional Framework and other applicable laws and the original criteria/benchmark as the basis for this important document?
Family forest owners and local communities have always recognized that there is a different value and measure on forest issues.
The capacity to carry out the required programme functions has been strengthened to improve advocacy and effectiveness of country programmes in Armenia, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Georgia, Guyana, Jamaica, Kyrgyzstan, Lebanon, Moldova, the occupied Palestinian territories, Papua New Guinea and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
h Includes $528.5 million from regular resources and $136.4 million funded from other resources and trust funds (see table 1).
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/57/L.45 and Add.1)]
Third Committee
In this violent protest, the Constitutional Court issued an appeal ruling in a public bus and truck that has been assembled in the capital, with over a number of people wearing a roof, handcuffs, closure of the streets, siege of the Supreme Court building.
These sanctions came into effect on 7 July 2003, for a period of 10 months.
Kosovo (Federal Republic of Yugoslavia/Serbia and Montenegro)
Resolutions adopted
6 and 21 August 2002; 14, 15, 15, 18, 23, 28 and 31 October; 13, 19 and 27 November, 4, 13, 17 and 18 December; 15 and 23 January 2003; 12 and 26 February; 3, 19 and 20 September; 26 and 28 April, 28 and 28 May, 16 and 28 September;
(In some military observers, United Nations Disengagement Observer Force)
The inspection was officially launched on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, held on 6 June 2003, the Committee reviewed the travel ban list quarterly and decided to remove the names of two names from the travel ban list and to retain the names of three persons who had requested to delete their names.
Add the following countries to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution:
Recommendation (8)-88
Since the end of the cold war, the five nuclear-weapon States have significantly reduced their nuclear arsenals, but others have not fully complied with their non-proliferation obligations, the proliferation of nuclear, chemical and biological weapons and the possibility of falling into the hands of terrorists constitute an increasing problem.
The Russian Federation will support any kind of political and diplomatic negotiations to resolve the crisis.
On 31 July, Thailand made full loans to the International Monetary Fund two years earlier.
In the future, Thailand is doing its part and will continue to do so.
(e) Recruitment of members of terrorist groups and criminalization;
2-5 March 2004
This phase will start in the first quarter of 2005 and end in the fourth quarter of 2005.
Agencies
UNAMI's core team will be led to operational planning for the eventual deployment of UNAMI to Iraq, as well as coordination of United Nations agencies' activities and guidance.
Under the sanctions regime (paragraph 4 (b) of resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraphs 1 and 2 (a) of resolution 1390 (2002), States should freeze without delay funds and other financial assets or economic resources of listed individuals and entities, including funds derived from property owned or controlled directly or indirectly by them or on behalf of or on their behalf or by persons acting on their instructions, and ensure that no such funds, assets or resources are provided directly or indirectly to such donors.
Kenya is seriously addressing this challenge.
The implementation of the plan will promote our common aspiration to strengthen democracy, not only in the relations of domination and rulers, but also in all interpersonal relationships.
We believe that the United Nations must play a practical role in promoting and strengthening global democracy and in creating a safe environment that can guarantee peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The structural imbalance in the region is not conducive to generating full employment to absorb an annual economic active population.
English
A solution is to identify a provision that complements the special regime for investment protection or human rights protection, but it is important to adopt a binding decision, such as judicial decisions or arbitral decisions, to guarantee protection under a special regime.
His delegation believed that the best option would be to assume civil liability by the organizers and the remaining liability would be borne by the State.
The topic of the legal regime for the sharing of losses arising from transboundary harm arising out of hazardous activities is being properly addressed as a continuation of the discussions in the draft articles on prevention.
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
(c) Despite the potential economic downturn and financial crisis during the biennium, space-related industries will continue to grow.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: A workshop on trade and environmental capacity-building, held in Singapore on 16 May 2002, was jointly discussed with the WTO Regional Seminar on Trade and Environment.
Expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
Particular attention must be given to the preparations for the high-level dialogue, with the participation of representatives of the public sector and civil society, to be convened by the General Assembly.
(Donall MacGillla Esaig, Department of Tenet.
Eastern Mediterranean Division (without Arabic)
They also stressed the urgent need to satisfactorily resolve outstanding issues within the framework of the OPCW in order to pave the way for effective, full and non-discriminatory implementation of the Convention.
Most of the production of developing countries may also be concentrated in some SMEs.
As indicated in document DP/2002/35, UNOPS has completed its implementation.
There is a need for an informed open debate on these issues, as they have wide implications.
National forest programme services projects are hosted by FAO and supported by many donors and developing countries.
In the fourth round of balloting (third restricted ballot), Poland received the required two-thirds majority of its members elected to the Economic and Social Council for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
Additional sponsors
Provisional agenda [A C E F R S]
Endorses the recommendation of the Committee that the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee at its forty-first session take into account the concerns of all States, in particular developing countries:
Any person within the United States jurisdiction is subject to serious civil and/or criminal penalties if it is found that there is no freeze on the assets of individuals and entities specifically designated in the global terrorist lists issued by the Office of the Control of Foreign Assets.
Are your listed individuals stopped at your entry points or at transit?
- Law No. 488 (e.g. cases involving money-laundering).
Article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention requests all Parties to inform the COP of information.
“Economic impact assessment of response measures”
Kenya introduced legal measures aimed at strengthening general waste management and various waste management activities, including waste collection.
Belize indicated that sea-level rise could have no 6 per cent of coastal areas, thus threatening freshwater supplies for its population.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia, together with Singapore, dealt with disputes concerning sovereignty over Pedro Broca/Pulau Batu Puteh, Middle Rock and South Ledge through the International Court of Justice.
In view of this situation, careful efforts are being made to remedy this deplorable situation with regard to fisheries conservation and management, and to ensure the long-term sustainability of fish stocks, bearing in mind that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development urged the international community to maintain and restore fish stocks by 2015 to the level of production of the largest sustainable fish stocks.
In 2002, the GEF Council approved the item entitled “National Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Arctic Ocean”.
Establishment of a new inter-agency consultation mechanism
The Special Rapporteur has received numerous reports of the involvement of mercenaries in armed conflict in Colombia, mainly in relation to drug cartels, and also in self-defence paramilitary groups and private oil companies.
Second, the recommendations and mechanisms under way should be heard from a wide range of States parties if any amendment to the Convention is to prosecute mercenary offences and international wrongful acts more effectively.
Within the country, as a very closed landlocked country, Burundi has developed an interim strategic framework for economic development and poverty eradication.
This dialogue is a major step towards the normalization of Kosovo and the implementation of the benchmarks of the Stabilization and Association Process.
My Government supports this process.
Item 128 United Nations system of justice
As mandated by the Council, the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission has provided it with a wide range of support and services during the return of United Nations agencies to that country.
Mr. Castro: Members will have my full text of statements and a briefing on our work.
We have also begun to provide therapeutic treatments everywhere, and we believe that this is playing.
Annotated provisional agenda
No reply from the Government has been received from the Special Rapporteur's urgent appeal on this order.
Since there is also much of the expertise on demand reduction in academic institutions and non-governmental organizations, it is essential that UNDCP also mobilize such expertise to support the planning and implementation of the comprehensive programme of work.
(Article 3)
ERW framework document
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the following agenda for its fourth session:
(e) Develop strategies to improve access to ICT hardware and software by providing incentives and incentives for use and further developing free and open source software;
At its 7th meeting, the Board heard an introductory statement by the representative of the UNCTAD Division on Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development.
At the same meeting, the elected President made a statement.
Another participant said that the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit provided a source of facilities to identify needs.
Other participants were of the view that the Preparatory Committee had a clear mandate to elaborate a strategic approach to chemicals management, in line with the Plan of Implementation of the Johannesburg Summit and the UNEP Governing Council decision 22/4 IV, which also indirectly included the review of coordination matters.
He said that such companies had been involved in capacity-building through training workers to ensure the application of best available technologies, but that such activities needed the support of Governments and needed appropriate political and legal frameworks.
This may further enrich the proposal.
In addition, the Charter provides the Organization with a variety of bases for peaceful resolution of conflicts under Chapter VI to coercive measures under Chapter VII.
What we need?
First, I would like to express the sympathy of the Government and people of Pakistan with regard to the tragic events of 19 August, which led to the deaths of Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, United Nations civil servants.
They are not only able to provide troops to peacekeeping operations but also to participate in a number of other methods that correspond to their specific characteristics, their foreign policy and its political arrangements.
Not all threats to international peace and security require United Nations peacekeeping.
Table 5.3 Percentage distribution of resources by component
The programme of work was developed in accordance with subprogramme 3 of programme 3 of the revised medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
Forty African LDCs were concerned at the outcome of the thirtieth session of the UNCTAD Governing Council devoted to LDCs.
Mr. Duclos (France) (spoke in French): Allow me also to thank Mr. Morris for his extremely interesting statement, which I believe contained very important information and figures and expressed human experience.
Regulation 7.4 The audit shall be conducted in accordance with generally accepted common auditing standards and shall be processed in accordance with the supplementary mandates contained in the annex to these Regulations, in addition to other special directives by the General Assembly.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
“Welcoming the fact that the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco) has entered into force for the sovereign States of the region and has been officially endorsed by the 18th meeting of the General Assembly of OPANAL, held in Havana on 5 and 6 November 2003, and also taking note of the outcome of this Conference, including the Havana Declaration adopted”.
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
The final report of the Group of Experts on the Illegal Exploitation of Natural Resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (S/2002/1146) was published in October 2002 and was endorsed by the Security Council in resolution 1457 (2003), once again raising the issue of the linkage between the plundering of resources and human rights violations, while demonstrating the deep roots of war.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur noted several cases where Mr. Blise Blise and his family were the subject of persecution by the Congolese authorities and threatened arrest and death; his two relatives had been imprisoned for his request to MONUC to ensure the protection of civilians.
He took it that the visit clearly demonstrated the intensification of cooperation between the Government and the United Nations in the field of human rights.
Legal safeguards in detention procedures
One year later, the United Nations adopted a resolution on small arms, which was a resolution by the Economic Community of West African States on assistance to States to combat the illicit movement of small arms and light weapons and to collect and destroy light weapons.
In short, the embargo has been deliberately violated and has been fished.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words addressed to me.
We hope that this vision will be put forward by the Council under your presidency and will be addressed in other regional organizations.
We hold regular staff consultations and I have mentioned Kosovo on the ground, where the OSCE mission is part of UNMIK and its pillar.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Interim Chairman of the African Union Commission and the Minister of Government and Local Government of South Africa for the kind words addressed to me.
Senior officials from the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC) also attended.
“26. Encourages all Governments, international organizations, including the United Nations, the private sector, civil society and other stakeholders to integrate a gender perspective in planning and monitoring CCA, the United Nations Development Assistance Framework, poverty reduction strategy papers and Millennium Development Goals reports;
Germany gave its support to the New Partnership for Africa's Development and its recent commitment to trade liberalization, debt burdens and other measures within the framework of the Group of Eight Africa Action Plan.
The delegation of Chile also stated that the future programme of work of the Authority had a study on appropriate ways to ensure that environmental emergencies were not covered by document ISBA/6/C/12.
By exploring the work of special procedures, treaty bodies and the Working Group on Minorities, it was found that the problems faced by minorities and persons belonging to minorities were many problems that could lead to disputes and conflicts.
The Working Group's activities are highly valuable, not only because of its depth of discussion, but because it contributes to the changing practices and procedures of the Council's work.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (A/58/219, A/58/448, A/58/127, A/58/427, A/58/379, A/58/334, A/58/218, A/58/338, A/58/534, A/58/325, A/58/393 and A/58/421)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled “International assistance and cooperation to the Alliance for Sustainable Development in Central America” (under agenda item 40 (b)) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Panama (on behalf of the Central American Group)
On the occasion of the World Summit on the Information Society, the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues will hold the Global Forum on Indigenous Peoples and the Information Society in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003.
Human rights questions: implementation of human rights instruments
She asked whether the Committee wished to discuss those texts pending consultations.
There is no legislation.
I, resolution 1, annex.
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) To invite development partners to supplement the funding shortfalls in emergency multisectoral rehabilitation and reconstruction programmes and to support the reform of the civil service system and efforts to harmonize countries.
(c) In operative paragraph 3, replace the words “and countries with economies in transition” with the words “in developing countries, countries with economies in transition and those that do not have women's representation or overall representation”;
Subsequently, Romania joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Several initiatives currently under way at the international level will be directly or indirectly derived from the development and adoption of a common set of data presentation practices.
The following three interrelated projects were recently launched on the development of data sharing models.
The National Compensation Commission should ensure the expeditious development of compensation programmes and the Government should allocate sufficient funds to cover compensation.
The Ministerial Declaration adopted at the Fourth World Trade Organization Ministerial Conference in Doha in 2001 recognized the need to accelerate the flow, release and clearance of goods, including transit goods, and the need to strengthen technical assistance and capacity-building in this area.
(e) To promote the goal of gender balance in all public offices and to take all appropriate measures to encourage political parties to ensure that women have equal and equal opportunities to compete for all elected and elected public offices;
Meeting of co-sponsors on the draft resolution on human rights defenders (agenda item 117 (b)) (Third Committee) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Norway)
Taking note of General Assembly resolution 56/160 of 19 December 2001 and Commission on Human Rights resolution 2002/35 of 22 April 2002,
To that end, efforts are being made to ensure that scientific progress benefits individuals and that development is made in respect of fundamental human rights,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to continue to examine the situation of women and children in Afghanistan and to report to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
UNMIK, the Kosovo Force and the ICTY will ensure that the perpetrators of attacks and killings a few weeks ago, as well as those who commit crimes during armed conflict, are brought to justice.
Encourages exploring innovative approaches to public and private financing for development, provided that these sources do not impose undue burdens on developing countries and notes the proposal contained in paragraph 44 of the Monterrey Consensus for the use of special drawing rights allocations for development purposes;
Under international agreements concluded by Kazakhstan, foreigners and stateless persons who commit offences outside the Republic of Kazakhstan may be extradited to foreign trials or to serve their sentences.
It was agreed that multilateral trade negotiations needed to be resumed as soon as possible.
The parties must enter into negotiations to establish a lasting peace that would allow Israel and an independent, viable and democratic Palestinian State to live side by side within secure and recognized borders, on the basis of the principles established in Madrid and Oslo by the United Nations Security Council.
Certificate of Origin;
It also provides data and analysis, as well as an overview of sources and systems, to enable United Nations country teams to ensure accountability and lessons learned.
The system is based on results and is concise and more responsive to the UNDP culture of learning and knowledge.
In this context, the relationship between the two Parties has not been applied in accordance with article 31, paragraph 3, of the Vienna Convention: “In these circumstances, the consequences of the withdrawal of the reservation are covered by the provisions of the treaty in relation to the reserving State and the objecting State”.
In line with the resolution adopted by UNISPACE III entitled “The Space Millennium: Vienna Declaration on Space and Human Development”, the mandate of the Action Team involves the implementation of an integrated global system, in particular through international cooperation, to manage natural disasters, disaster relief and preparedness by using Earth observations, communications and other air-based services, while maximizing existing capacities and narrowing global coverage gaps.
Dr. Oscar Arias received approximately 50 honorary doctoral degrees from well-known institutions, such as Harvard, Princeton, Douglas, Oberin, and Washington University in San Luis, as well as numerous awards issued by other advanced universities, including the Medal Luthers Peace Prize, the Philosophical Award, the Philosophical Award, the Philosophical Award, the Secretary-General's Award.
Agenda item 57
(The unit of measure should not exceed one ten thousandth of the total military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social Solidarity and the Family, through its Equal Opportunities Service, is a governmental mechanism for developing strategies and policies in the area of promoting equal opportunities for women and men and eliminating all forms of discrimination based on gender.
In the case of households using wood, coal and fuel for indoor heating, the “social programme” approved by the Government Decision No. 811/2002 decided to increase the heating grant from 2.50,000 I/months to 300,000 Lei/months.
A/47/444, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation.
In Barbados, UNDP shared costs with others to develop regional integrated disaster management strategies for the Caribbean and to strengthen the Caribbean Disaster Emergency Response Agency.
Key achievements of the United Nations Development Group over the past year include concerns for General Assembly resolution 56/201 and revisions to the common country assessment and United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF).
Table 2 Income and managed funds received by UNDP
Article 67 Method of suspension
On this point, the Working Group agreed to retain the word “interactive applications” (see A/CN.9/546, para.
Approves the following provisional agenda for the Eleventh Congress, finalized by the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its twelfth session:
(a) Employment: Provide a flexible approach to hiring in different locations in accordance with skills and capabilities;
However, it also highlighted some weaknesses, such as the identification of individual object and purpose of the organizations.
FICSA noted that private sector compensation for employees in hardship duty stations was much more favourable than for United Nations staff.
One member maintained that quasi-State companies were not part of the public/non-profit sector, since other branches of the sector did not include employers involved in profit-making activities.
Most members welcomed the proposed changes to classification at duty stations.
Although members of the Committee and representatives of organizations participating in the Working Group endorsed the proposal to use other data-collection methods, representatives of staff associations suggested that data collection should be completed through field interviews by the data collection teams, in some cases where local payroll commissions could decide on other methods if they considered useful or necessary.
Afghanistan, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belarus, Belize, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, the Central African Republic, Chile, the Congo, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Ecuador, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Kenya, Latvia, Lithuania, Mauritius, Mexico, Morocco, Thailand, Namibia, Morocco, Morocco, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, Thailand, the Republic of Korea, Viet Nam, the Republic of Venezuela, the Republic of Venezuela, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Venezuela, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Netherlands, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, the Republic of Korea, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, the United States, the Netherlands, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Netherlands, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the United States, the Republic of the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, Viet Nam, Viet Nam, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of Korea, the Republic of
(i) Advisory services: missions to promote capacity-building at the request of Governments to strengthen national-level mechanisms to enhance women's participation in development and mainstream a gender perspective in national policies and programmes, with a focus on the effective integration of women into overall development support mechanisms, the promotion of awareness of women's rights and the promotion of the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Optional Protocol;
Amendment to the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal. Geneva, 22 September 1995
www.un.org/Docs/sc/presidency.pdf
[States] general insolvency law should recognize [prompt reconciliation in accordance with other countries' payment or settlement systems or similar rules of the financial markets] [quantifiable,] [quantifiable,] set-off or netting.
With regard to the compensability of these repair costs and the verification and valuation of these costs, the Panel applied the practices referred to in paragraphs 108 to 135 of the First “E4” Report, in particular reference to paragraph 113, which states that adjustments are required for a claim that is not reflected in the normal costs of repair.
These proposals were circulated and discussed in the report and through the organization of the International Business Forum and several follow-up dialogues held during the Monterrey Conference.
There was a long recognition of the need to share experience in practice.
However, the process of expediting the accession of Algeria to international legal treaties on human rights was followed by a change of multiparty in 1989.
A fairly calm, a shorter curfew and a decline in street demonstrations are often hindered by the movement of Licorne forces.
- Nigeria has offered to provide secondary medical facilities;
It is estimated that between 5 and 30 per cent of cluster munitions do not explode after launch or shooting, and they are drilled underground or remain on the ground.
Assessment of the implementation of the current work plan
Report of the Secretary-General
Global Environment Facility: Note by the Administrator on the Second Global Environment Facility Conference
(b) Respondent liability for unforeseen depreciation
Takes note of the activities of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization during the United Nations Year of Cultural Heritage;
The Forum recommended that the United Nations system, in particular UNICEF and WHO, cooperate with Governments and, in consultation with indigenous peoples' organizations, engage with the participation of the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography in addressing trafficking and sexual exploitation of indigenous girls, and urged States to organize rehabilitation programmes.
The Forum recommended that UNICEF, UNESCO, WHO, ILO, UNIFEM, UNDP, UNFPA and other United Nations agencies, work in close coordination with indigenous peoples in collaboration with national Governments, organize a Latin American Conference on Indigenous Children and Youth in 2004.
The Forum recommended that the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme, submit to the Forum a report on policies and programmes in this area and participate in the third session of the Forum.
At the same meeting, statements were made by the observers for the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO); Na Koona Isa La Hawai; Indigenous People's Council on Bio-Colonism; Cordinta de la Cuencia Coma;
Concluding remarks
Sierra Leone, Uruguay, Costa Rica, Nigeria, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty; Cameroon signed it.
In the area of urban security, the Office supported the upgrading of educational facilities at the Brazilian National Police Academy.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
United Nations Fund for International Partnerships
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The related costs are included under various categories of expenditure: consultants ($42,000), travel ($1,061,000) and miscellaneous supplies, services and equipment ($6,000).
In addition, a large number of investigations have been carried out in recent years against UNMIK and the United Nations Mission of Support in East Timor, where resident investigators are in the Mission, they are implementing a downsizing plan.
Agenda item 15
Reiterates its support for the Peace Agreement and the Dayton Agreement on the Implementation of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, of 10 November 1995 (S/1995/1021, annex), and calls upon the parties to comply strictly with their obligations under those agreements and expresses its intention to continue to examine the implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Requests the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina, in cooperation with the Stabilization Force Commander, to ensure the effective management of airports in Bosnia and Herzegovina, in the light of the responsibilities assigned to the Stabilization Force in Bosnia and Herzegovina by the Stabilization Force in Annex 1-A of the Peace Agreement;
Condemns the laying of thousands of mines by Israel in its occupied Lebanese territory, which has caused and continues to cause hundreds of thousands of deaths and extensive material losses.
Reaffirms a series of all previous relevant resolutions adopted by the Islamic Conference.
Recalling its previous resolutions on this issue, in particular the 15/5-P(IS) of the fifth session of the Islamic Summit Conference and the important provisions of the Dakar Declaration adopted by the Islamic Summit Conference at its sixth session;
Requests the Secretary-General to follow up the implementation of the present resolution and to report thereon to the Thirty-first Session of the Islamic Minister for Foreign Affairs.
Concerned by the continued erosion of multilateralism in the field of arms control, non-proliferation and disarmament, and recognizing that recourse by Member States to unilateral action in addressing their security concerns would jeopardize international peace and security and undermine confidence in the international security system and the foundations of the United Nations itself;
Taking note of the information provided by the Government of Guinea concerning violations of the borders of the Republic of Guinea;
Resolution 1/30-E
Recognizing the challenges posed by growing globalization and rapid growth in the world economy, as well as the formation of strong economic groups and the growing liberalization of world trade;
Taking into account economic difficulties during the transition to a free market economy;
Recalling resolution 29/9-E (IS) adopted by the Ninth Islamic Summit Conference;
Recognizing the goals and principles enshrined in the OIC Charter aimed at working together to safeguard and protect Islamic heritage;
The Conference approved the decisions and resolutions of the symposium.
Requests the international community, in particular the relevant United Nations agencies, to undertake active scientific research on sea-level rise and its social and economic impact to protect wildlife in coastal and member States.
The Thirty-First Session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers (Session of Solidarity and Dialogue) held in Tehran, Islamic Republic of Iran, from 27 to 29 March 1424 (28-30 May 2003)
Agenda item 93: Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
Concession
In addition, the Governor of the Central Bank of Jordan issued a circular (9 March 2003, No. 10/3/3386), emphasizing the implementation of article 93 of the Banking Law (No. 28 of 2000) and of directives on money-laundering (No. 10/2001, 5 August 2001) to fulfil the obligation to identify all relevant information through a formal document.
This preliminary report outlines a broad framework for the legal and practical issues involved in preventing the use of small arms and light weapons in human rights violations.
In addition, the European Convention on Human Rights provides protection to members of indigenous peoples, which has recently adopted Protocol No. 12 to extend non-discriminatory safeguards.
Noting the rapid increase in the number of deaths, injuries and maiming of global road traffic,
At its 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected Mr. Jean de Ruyt (Belgium) and Mr. Nana Effah-Apenteng (Ghana) as Vice-Chairmen.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on “Strengthening global public health capacity-building” organized by the delegation of China will take place on 19 September 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
Literacy
Welcomes the process of establishing the Constitutional Drafting Committee and the present new constitution, and stresses the importance of incorporating Afghan international obligations into the new Constitution and the need to ensure the full participation of women in all preparatory and holding processes of the Constitutional Loya Jirga itself;
Members of the Council welcomed the progress made in the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement and expressed their satisfaction with the Prime Minister's presentation to the National Assembly of a draft programme for the implementation of that agreement, once again expressing appreciation for the efforts of the French forces and ECOWAS forces and again emphasizing their concern about the humanitarian situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict
See Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.93.I.8 and corrigenda), vol. I: Resolutions adopted by the Conference, resolution 1, annex II.
Duties of the Secretariat
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
On the same day, the Transitional President and the Prime Minister sworn in, and on 3 October, members of the Government were sworn in.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the Security Council mission suggested that (a) the Government should step up its efforts to develop the capacity of the Sierra Leone armed forces and police in order to guarantee security after the departure of UNAMSIL; (b) the Security Council should recognize the importance of establishing peace and consolidate stability in Sierra Leone and the Mano River Union subregion in Liberia; (c) the United Nations system should undertake a thorough assessment of the lessons learned from the work of UNAMSIL;
The delegations of New Zealand, Australia and Canada agreed that the changes in the rates of exchange proposed in the report could not be avoided and that the reasons for inflation adjustments for non-post expenditure were accepted for an increase of $9.9 million in actual vacancy rates in 2002; however, projected 2003 expenditures should be presented in the second performance report.
The Committee also urges the Special Rapporteur to draw the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to cases of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions that are of particular concern to her, or to take early action or permit to prevent further deterioration.
The Special Rapporteur is increasingly concerned about new developments in Côte d'Ivoire.
But this is not the case.
“In 1968, after invoking the actual requirements of Article 19, paragraph 2, Haiti was expressly authorized to vote until the Committee on Contributions made its observations.
Agenda item 114: Improving the financial situation of the United Nations (continued)
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Reaffirming further the Declaration on Principles of International Law concerning Friendly Relations and Cooperation among States in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations,
The increase of 3,022,000, an integral part of two contingents providing security at 12 disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration centres.
In addition, air means are required for the deployment of two highly mobile contingents, each contingent will have the capacity to air a contingent at any operational location.
The key to the long-term fight against terrorism is promoting mutual understanding and tolerance among civilizations, reducing poverty and inequality and eradicating oppression.
Mr. Ni (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, the acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey, as well as Liechtenstein.
I also wish to congratulate your predecessor, the Ambassador of France, on this very difficult job.
It is regrettable that the persistence of debilitating behaviour in various parts of the world, such as the recent events that have taken over 120 lives, reminds us in a very heinous and very irregular manner, regardless of the extent of terrorism, that it is now a serious global problem and that greater and more effective international cooperation is urgently required.
The Republic of Yemen is satisfied that the international community recognizes the seriousness of this problem.
We are seeking guidance from the CTC on priorities and the way Canada can help from donors and non-members of the Council.
This has also been re-emphasised that party political considerations may also be a motive for proposing measures that have a positive or negative impact on local governments.
Sub-Commission on the Promotion
• Coordination with relevant bodies to facilitate research on issues raised and referred directly to them and follow-up to them;
Part 1: What is social capital, policy relevance, prospects (Coordinator: United Kingdom National Statistical Office)
Annex I to the letter dated 21 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Venezuela to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Assistance for reconstruction and development in Djibouti
However, the vast majority of countries implementing EU directives have no statutory rules governing the time of receipt of data messages, but some of them have already established standards on how traditional rules have been passed.
It is necessary to clarify whether access to suppliers' servers is sufficient to determine receipt of a message or whether the addressee is required to effectively retrieve the data message at its computer terminals.
It should be noted that, as indicated in the Guide to Enactment (para. 104), the Model Law “does not explicitly address the issue of liability for information systems that may lead to malfunction.
The CIS Council of Heads of State, inter alia, supports the joint proposal by the Republic of Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine to proclaim 26 April as the International Day for the Commemoration of the Victims of Radioactive Accidents and Disasters.
I now give the floor to Ambassador Leonid Skotnikov, representative of the Russian Federation.
At its 6th plenary meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report containing the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property (see annex I) and the understanding on certain provisions of the draft articles (see annex II).
Article 9
Article 41 of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations, 1961, and article 55 of the 1963 Vienna Convention on Consular Relations, all individuals referred to in both articles have an obligation to comply with host country laws and regulations, including the labour law of host countries.
All funds provided by the Trust Fund for Participation in the UNFCCC Process have been used to finance participation in COP 8.
... Social activities are a continuous process for creating the world.
• Services provided by the Government;
I would like to conclude by urging the Council to call for the effective implementation of the Pretoria Agreement for the establishment of a section of the National Human Rights Observatory and a Truth and Reconciliation Commission, which is equally designed to ensure that the voices of victims are given full and clear attention.
We note with satisfaction that Ms. Motoc, Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, will travel to that country at the end of this month.
For example, what role MONUC plays in working with the parties on human rights issues when establishing a transitional Government?
Despite the progress made so far, millions of Afghan refugees are living in neighbouring countries, particularly in Iran and Pakistan.
Chairperson's summary of the general debate (1 October 2003)
Action: The SBI will consider the oral report of the Chair on consultations and recommend conclusions on how to address this issue.
Background: The SBI, at its sixteenth session, at its seventeenth session and at its eighteenth session, considered a request by the Government of Croatia for consideration of forest management activities under Article 3, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol.
Requests the Secretary-General, in collaboration with the secretariats of relevant institutional stakeholders, to utilize fully the mechanisms of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination, to prepare a comprehensive report on the successful experiences of the preparations for the International Conference on Financing for Development, drawing on the effective support of the United Nations Secretariat, on the implementation of commitments and agreements reached at the Conference and on the follow-up to those commitments and agreements, with a focus on progress made in all areas covered by the Monterrey Consensus;
(1) Africa shall allocate no less than two permanent seats, which shall be allocated in accordance with the decision of the Group of African States.
Institutionalization:
(c) Notification
I pay particular attention to the latest UNRWA flash appeal, requiring important services for tens of thousands of Palestinians.
The Statistics Division will provide a more technical explanation of limitation factors for calculating assessments.
Expresses its deep appreciation to the Government of Cuba for the facilitation of its sixth session in Havana and for the generous provision of such good facilities for the Conference;
In addition, the occupying forces also killed eight-year-old Palestinian boys, Ali Talab Al-Ghareer, and injured his six-year-old brother Ala when they were on the margins of the Rafah refugee camp.
In some cases, less than approved levels of recruitment occur at a higher level.
Prior to the development of a work plan, the first cycle of the rapid deployment roster was assessed, namely, planning and recruitment phases, actual implementation of the mechanism and lessons learned.
Are extradition and mutual assistance subject to legislation?
Subparagraph (d) and (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to discuss with non-governmental organizations and other members of civil society at the national level prior to the submission of its second periodic report.
The Ministry of the Interior is responsible for the decision to expel Turkmenistan.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 815th and 4816th meetings, held in private on 27 August 2003.
Decides also that the decrease of $38,000 in the estimated staff assessment income in respect of the financial period ended 30 June 2002 in the amount of 2,747,000 dollars referred to in paragraphs 16 and 17 above shall be applied, as appropriate, in accordance with the aforementioned paragraphs;
Documentation
The United Nations and the Security Council have made timely interventions to our countries.
Chairman: Mr. Kmoníček (Czech Republic)
It should be noted that, after 9.11 some United States airlines have applied discriminatory measures against Arabs, whether or not the United States, and Muslims, such as forced evictions.
No.
The term “electronic record” had been chosen and it was considered neutral.
Question C: Does not apply to electronic or other transactions
Article 29. suspect and unusual transactions
The Special Rapporteur received extensive information.
In November 2003, the President of Pakistan ordered an investigation into the murder of a young woman called Afheen Musarat.
By that resolution, the Security Council unanimously decided to establish an enhanced inspection system that aims at the complete and nuclear completion of the disarmament process.
The people and Government of Iran are first of concern that, once war is no doubt that humanitarian disasters will fall within the Iraqi people, let alone the outflow of displaced persons and refugees.
It is absolutely necessary to re-emphasize that the decisions of the international community contained in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991) to make the Middle East a region free of weapons of mass destruction must not be confined to Iraq.
Law enforcement actions on trafficking at the national and international levels should include elements dealing with gender biases and corruption in relevant professional personnel.
The Committee first focused on issues such as the composition of its members, working methods, intersessional work and reporting formats, and subsequently adopted its terms of reference as orally revised.
New challenges and threats are emerging.
Mexico once again recognizes its full confidence in the United Nations to resolve international disputes through the use of all peaceful means we possess and, in particular, by strengthening the values that have led to the Organization.
In this process, we have not only strengthened verification mechanisms but also strengthened our ability to carry out important tasks — that is, save our world from the scourge of war.
Do this is the allegations made by the United States of America at its last meeting — many countries around the world do not share United States allegations — or this is a question of the concept of cooperation requiring Iraq's initiative?
The present report discusses how the International Decade and the United Nations Day contribute to promoting and promoting South-South cooperation and to achieving the internationally agreed development goals, in particular those contained in the Millennium Declaration.
UNMOVIC chemical inspection teams
The EU reiterates its support for General Assembly resolution 57/81 entitled “Consolidation of peace through practical disarmament measures”.
(i) Operational (New York):
The Unit has 11 posts, of which 3 are Professional and 8 General Service staff.
Table 19 Breakdown of consultants and custodians charges
The Committee agreed that the implementation of office space should be the highest priority and should be completed expeditiously in order to avoid a negative impact on the Fund's work and project re-engineering.
At its seventh session (22-24 January 2003) the Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues decided to convene an expert meeting on FDI and development.
Finding a balance between budget and other considerations is particularly important.
Ms. Oola Emarita Gra de Villalas (Panama)
Expressing concern about the low level of safe and cost-effective mine-detection and the lack of effective coordination at the global level in improving research and development of relevant technologies, and conscious of the need to promote further and faster progress in this area, and encouraging international, national and local technical cooperation to that end,
Date of insertion
For the text of the comments, see http://www.un.org/esa/socdev/enable/adhoccom.htm.
“ Condemns the continuing illegal exploitation of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in particular in the eastern part of the country, and recalls the Council's consistent unequivocal condemnation of these activities as one of the major factors contributing to the ongoing failure of conflicts, and reaffirms the need to stop those activities, if necessary, by imposing the necessary pressure on the armed groups, traffickers and all other actors involved;
“(a) Promotion of new and renewable sources of energy, including the implementation of the World Solar Programme 1996-2005;
It is estimated that the share of LDCs in world merchandise exports has declined from 4.7 per cent in seven years to 1 per cent in nine decades.
• Board decision IDB.25/Dec.7 on Investment Technology and Promotion Offices
At its twenty-seventh session, the Board took note of Colombia's preliminary announcement of its intention to host UNIDO's eleventh session in Cartagena in 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another ongoing initiative is the Development Information Network, which disseminates and sharing information on experience gained, expertise and institutional experience.
Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba
Disputes and issues among States should be addressed through peaceful dialogue and negotiations on the basis of equality and mutual respect.
In this favourable international environment, such measures are contrary to all laws, principles and guidelines that govern international relations and are intended to increase broad commercial and economic flows among countries.
All of these areas have a significant impact on the embargo, since, although many restrictions have been imposed, education and culture have been priority areas for Cuba's public expenditure.
Despite material resources, Cubans continue to work to contribute to regional and international drug control through maritime and aerial interdiction.
Article 6 of the Banking Agency Act 1998 includes preventive measures for the Government, which restrict the fundamental rights set forth in article 13 (1) of the Constitution of Namibia, authorize interference in the privacy of the family, letter or communication of any person in accordance with the provisions of chapter 2 of the Code of Criminal Procedure of 1977, and authorize entry into any premises or search of any person.
Thus, the net claim for 332 claims settled in part one of the sixteenth instalment was converted into $211,284,854.
Geneva, 31 March 2003
