Allow me to emphasize that we will continue to cooperate with them.
Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI)
At its 8th meeting, on 1 November 2002, the Chairman mentioned that COP VII had agreed on the calendar of conferences and meetings of the Convention for 2003-2007.
Thailand
In paragraph 6, the Committee requests the Sub-Commission to hold its attention to the Committee's attention to the persistence of violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms, including racial discrimination, separation and separation policies, in particular colonial and other independent Territories.
The Subcommittee also decided to continue its consideration of this matter at its fifty-fifth session.
Near-Earth objects
These general include the use of a detailed land coverage database prepared by the LSS system and the availability of the data on the various support levels, together with dynamic maps.
The joint launch unit of the system is the FAO, UNEP, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the World Meteorological Organization and the International Scientific Council (CST).
The study of the 77 medical programmes covering nearly 600 beneficiaries showed that 78 per cent of the programme established HIV and AIDS management programmes, but only 0.3 per cent of beneficiaries were used.
Uruguay (2003)
He refused to recognize Mr. Wang's mental illness.
Once the suspects have been brought, any evidence that it has been proved to be carried out (e.g. a voluntary basis to senior police officers).
Since July 1999, he had repeatedly participated in the work of the Act.
The present note will be sent to the Committee on the Rights of the Child; the Working Group concluded that the denial of the freedom of the State party to the extent that the different principles applicable to it.
The Ministers of Arab States stressed the crucial role of the United Nations in the political process in Iraq and the need for the Organization to cooperate with the League of Arab States and other regional and national actors to this end under the auspices of the Security Council.
We pay particular attention to the issue of increasing awareness of the health awareness of individuals, especially armed forces.
China welcomes the establishment of a series of positive measures in the context of the Council's relevant resolutions to the prevention of AIDS by peacekeepers and the establishment of the Special Adviser on AIDS.
In its letter dated 20 May 2003, the Committee received from the Government of the United States of America, in which the Government of the United States of America had allegations of the “Pilu” Indian movement during the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights.
In such cases, measures should be taken, as appropriate, to ensure the protection of their interests.
31 The HKSAR, Mauritius and the United Kingdom.
One view was that, in view of the generally positive attitude of creditors, the process of determining the situation in the total number of creditors was inappropriate.
The Staff College further uses information and communication technologies.
As at the end of the reporting period, all of the staff members of the College are 37 specialized personnel.
Financial performance
Support
The report clearly shows that the University is strengthening its cooperation with other inter-agency organizations of the United Nations system and its contribution to its activities.
The SBI agreed to include those organizations under article 7, paragraph 6, of the Convention without prejudice to the actions taken by the COP.
Statements were made by the representatives of one of them on behalf of the States members of the European Community and its member States and their member States and certain States in the course of the League.
The SBI welcomed the continued efforts of the Chairman of the two subsidiary bodies, the Chairman of the limited membership bodies and the Secretariat to promote the participation of observer organizations during the sessions.
Following the receipt of the Trial Chamber's decision on 2 November 2001, a letter dated 2 November 2001 from the Chief of Appeals to the Chief of the Trial Chamber.
My delegation is indeed pleased to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Conference on Disarmament.
States Parties to the Inter-American Organization's commitments:
Brazil and Sri Lanka: amendments to article 8
The Panel finds that the work of the claimant shall be provided with the corresponding compensation for the amount claimed for the amount of USD 7,797,493; the amount of USD 26,21/90/490; the amount of USD 6,901,210/07, paras.
Annex
Mr. Schwa (Switzerland): Let me congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the Security Council for this month and wish you every success.
Mr. Vassia (Greece): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the European Union.
A permanent International Court of Justice has been set up in the context of the Geneva Convention for the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide in 1948 and in the early 1950s.
While we believe that compromise should not be linked to the important international treaties that could weaken the Rome Statute, we remain convinced that members of the Council must take action in a spirit of compromise and understanding and actively work towards a solution acceptable.
At its fifty-seventh session, on 22 November 2002, the General Assembly, through its resolution 57/63 entitled “Promotion of multilateralism in the area of disarmament and non-proliferation”, proved that the international community strongly supports multilateralism.
I would like to recall that some of the documents that have been taken immediately to proceed with the adoption of an FMCT.
Even the United Nations agencies and other assistance providers must pay high costs to rent vehicles and premises and access to security, which become an important source of income for the Somali parties.
In order to manage all attempts to manage Somalia fishing sites have resulted in a large number of funds falling into the private hands of the various factions, the amount of over the past 10 years to millions and to supplement the private sector and to some extent possible.
Paragraph 4: “Any person who assists or assists in the purpose of supporting or assisting in the planning, facilitation or operation of an operation shall be punished under a specified provision”.
At the same time, international cooperation was conducted on the basis of action by the International Action Team on Money Laundering.
Open-ended informal consultations on the draft resolution on the implementation of the World Programme of Action on Disabled Persons: implementation of the World Programme of Action for the twenty-first century
On 9 October 2003, one Israeli reconnaissance aircraft violated Lebanese airspace over the sea off Naqurah, flying over the area of Mesaoria, before exiting in the area of Mesaoria, from 1.15 to 8.
- The Constitution is adopted in a referendum manner.
National efforts to strengthen the education sector
* The universities and colleges of Myanmar cannot be granted a high degree of degree to Dr.
Agenda item 155: Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (continued)
However, in recent years, the coverage and implementation of this Convention remains outstanding and cannot be adequately addressed to increasing non-peacekeeping operations.
In accordance with the draft resolution, the tariff ceiling of developing countries is still under negotiations.
(g) Measures to combat money-laundering;
Prevention of terrorism
(In addition to the largest contribution of the Latin American and Caribbean region)
Annex
The unemployment rate of men and women in the age of 20-24 years is highest.
Samoa's geographic nature and its good communications and transport systems have focused services to be easily accessible.
In addition, health services should focus on the concept of “health”, and actively promote health as a property.
Another important aspect of economic participation is women as entrepreneurs, especially small enterprises.
At present, the trend of marriage has been changing, with the exception of the age of marriage for women, which is particularly late in 1991, and the age of 27 years.
Calver K., nutrition and A small youth survey
My delegation reaffirms that any decision of the Provisional Institutions must strictly comply with the provisions of the resolution and the constitutional framework.
We hope that the development of a road map for all aspects of the transfer process will help to identify standards that are indispensable for durable solutions related to the status of Kosovo.
However, we believe that additional measures mentioned in paragraph 21 can help control and improve the situation.
The high rate may result in a reduction of the effects of the orbit in close locations.
In its resolution 57/105 of 3 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to continue to provide the Division with the necessary resources to ensure that the Division has continued its work programme, in particular its previous relevant resolutions, to further develop and expand its publication document of the United Nations information system on the question of Palestine, in all its aspects, the production and dissemination of publications and information provided by the international community in all its aspects.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
In February 1997, the United States deployed to the South Korean Democratic Republic of the Congo from its inception to the south of the country, in order to carry out the military deployment, with a view to re-establishment of “the-term report on defence cooperation” on 8 June.
Considering that the promotion of respect for the obligations set forth in the Charter of the United Nations and other international law instruments and rules are one of the fundamental purposes and principles of the United Nations,
Calls upon all States that have not yet done so to accede to all States that have not yet done so to accede to the relevant instruments of multilateral negotiations on disarmament and non-proliferation;
The drought assessment model at the global and regional levels has been established.
They, however, have been constrained by the lack of current suitable indicators.
With regard to the development of a group of countries or regions, we understand the second approach, but there is a need for serious research.
Mandate 1.4: To assist in the compilation of the online version of desertification: Coordinator: Deb.
Security services
In addition, some participants stressed that human rights, gender equality and women's empowerment had a cross-cutting nature and should recognize their crucial importance to achieving all development goals.
For example, the transit cargo container to Central Asia must be inspected by the transit port of the transit zone, and then the ship to ensure that there are no prohibited items.
The second may be considered by individuals directly invoked (e.g. previously, the Convention on the Rights of the Child).
Annex
Comment.
Comment.
9 Ibid., Supplement No. 5 F and corrigendum (A/57/5/Add.6 and Corr.1), chap.
(d) The strict prohibition of discrimination or harassment in the workplace or in any form of discrimination or harassment, including sexual harassment or sexual harassment or physical or linguistic injury.
salaries
A summary prepared by Söllll
Case 435: MAL 34 - Germany: Supreme Court of Hamburg, Hamburg, Germany; 14 Sch 11/98, 4 September 1998
However, in two categories, it must be voluntary; that is not within the scope of the present topic (which is not less than its scope), whereas it is applicable to the legal regime applicable to the topic.
Recognizing also the existence of a wide range of democratic political systems and free elections in the world, based on national and regional circumstances and different backgrounds,
An officer said that the contract was approved without formal extension.
With regard to interest, the Panel refers to paragraphs 19 and 20 above in the present report.
With respect to the terms of payment of two contracts signed by the SDPL, each contract has a part of the payment of the Iraqi dollar and the remaining United States dollars.
The Panel finds that Toa does not provide sufficient evidence of its ownership or use of property, the value of property or property in Iraq prior to 2 August 1990.
Recommendation
Claimant's claim/ Analysis and valuation
The employee's employment contract provides that, at the end of its employment, it is obliged to pay for travel to each employee from Kuwait at the end of the employment period, and that each employee has no later date to return.
It is still operating in the course of the war machine.
Secondly, in addition to the promotion of the eradication of opium poppy and combating drug trafficking in Afghanistan, it must be addressed in a regional perspective.
All terrorists have relevant objectives and means.
Fifty-eighth session
The results of the study indicate that migrants have experienced racism and discrimination in the workplace and in other areas of everyday life.
The recent two investigations missions to Bunia, from 28 to 30 January 2003; MONUC sent to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to carry out a number of grave violations of human rights, including rape, extrajudicial, arbitrary executions and house houses.
2 To be issued.
In addition, nearly 150 cases have been handed over to the rapid return mechanism, which is a joint project of UNMIK and the United Nations Development Programme to provide housing rehabilitation assistance to returnees.
The Government of Albania commends the appointment of Mr. Harri Holkeri for his Special Representative and will support his work.
States seek to attract foreign investment, because investment can produce various benefits, have a positive impact on their national economies.
The educational programme will receive additional funding to increase the level of school, in particular the female genital mutilation and the provision of informal education.
78 Improving institutional capacity-building processes and a series of management reforms to enable the system to play the greatest role, improve quality and cost-effective.
Food support
Microfinance and savings programmes
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.14/Rev.1 entitled “Protection of global climate for present and future generations of mankind” (A/58/7/Add.27); A/C.5/582)
Once we began, we will have established and verify the identity of combatants.
• It is essential to make better use of the comparative advantages of intergovernmental bodies so that they can strive to achieve common goals, such as the General Assembly, the Security Council and the members of the Economic and Social Council.
The South African Government agreed to continue to serve as Chairman of the Kimberley Process during the first period of implementation.
The Social Development Authority of the Dominican Institute for Agricultural Research and Development of Women was required to exercise their equal rights published in Act No. 55-97.
(a) Strengthen information exchange, in particular with regard to terrorist activities, terrorist organizations and other necessary information;
Concerned also about the links between corruption and other forms of crime, in particular organized crime and the economic crime, including money-laundering,
The Working Group notes that, in any event, the matter may be considered by the Commission at its thirty-sixth session, held in Vienna from 30 June to 11 July 2003.
However, the Committee is concerned that there is not all teachers, teachers and parents aware of the objectives of these reforms, especially in rural areas, and that the implementation of the mechanisms for monitoring and evaluation.
Children with disabilities
In close cooperation with the ILO International Programme of Action to ensure the implementation of and strengthening of national and international legal protection for children in this regard; strengthening efforts to reduce the number of children working in formal and informal sectors and to pay particular attention to children under international standards, including preventive measures, to ensure that children do not have access to adequate wages and benefits under their work under international standards, and to ensure that the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women's Rights (arts.
The Committee recommends that the State party fully integrate provisions and practice in accordance with article 3 of the Convention in the area of child custody.
(b) To provide special assistance to single-parent families;
The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Marriage and Family Law ( 1998, 1998) of the Act and promotes the concept of advocacy and as a means to reduce the number of shelters.
Most of the replies submitted (93 replies) reported that organizations of disabled persons were sometimes involved in the planning and evaluation of medical care.
It is often repeated that this process is to be assisted, but, as others in the Office of the United Nations.
The Government of Luxembourg believes that the foundation for the noble mandate of peace must be a broad and complex concept of security.
These factors are often increasing demand for heating and transport, one of the causes of the high energy use and greenhouse gas emissions in the transport and residence sectors.
Figure 7b
Parties reported on policies and measures in all sectors as required by the Guide.
In-depth review of the national communications of Annex I Parties (from 31 March 2003) indicated that progress was made in improving the future role and integration of the Kyoto International Mechanism.
Norway indicated that, in the long term, it would have been possible to increase or reduce the volume of water from 10 to 30 per cent.
The United Kingdom and the United States noted that they provided model data to the national and international research community.
Parties generally believe that data quality is acceptable.
Details of the modalities adopted by the Parties are provided in section VI.
Despite the increasing number of technical assistance, the requirements of the United Nations directly observation have been reduced.
Particular attention will be given to questions relating to legal, logistical and how to choose the electoral system.
The mission will be crucial to the progress of the proposed international conference on peace, security and development in the Great Lakes region.
Protection of civilians in armed conflict
This is my first briefing to the Council on how to improve the protection of civilians in armed conflict is extremely appropriate.
Indeed, he was committed to all of the work of the United Nations after all.
With regard to the links between terrorism and armed conflict, my country has always indicated that this is an urgent issue of concern in depth.
Mr. Haekkerup (Mexico) (spoke in Spanish): At the outset, I would like to express my delegation's pleasure to see you presiding over this meeting.
The European Union expresses its deep appreciation and fully endorses the commitment made by the Security Council on the agenda for the protection of civilians and the establishment of a regular dialogue on that agenda.
We must therefore continue to emphasize that, despite the ultimate need to address these issues by the Afghan National Institutions, the international security forces now need to be further deployed and able to demonstrate the strong strength of the international security environment and trust.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item.
The situation in Ituri is caused by the United Nations, the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the Government of Uganda.
I would like to commend the political will that the parties have demonstrated.
Resolution 55/598, annex.
10.30 a.m.-1 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
I now give the floor to the most recent activities of the Monitoring Team and the current work of the Council, which will be able to understand the current situation of the countries.
In conclusion, I would like to thank Ambassador Muñoz and his able work team in the delegation of Chile, for its appreciation to the Monitoring Group and the Secretariat for their outstanding efforts in the fight against terrorism.
We appreciate the positive steps taken by the Security Council and the Commission to enhance the effectiveness and accuracy of sanctions measures, to address humanitarian issues and to deal with transparency and proper order.
It is therefore a set of proposals.
I would like to transmit to the Fifth Meeting of Experts on the Prohibition of the Use of fissile material for nuclear weapons and other nuclear explosive devices, which will be part of the efforts of the Netherlands for an FMCT.
Languages of the International Trade Centre/UNCTAD/WTO Joint Advisory Group
Signature: Malaysia (16 December 2003)
Therefore, we believe that the paragraph is incompatible with international law and Germany laws, and we regret that we cannot accept.
China appreciates the tireless efforts made by the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the West African Economic Community to promote the peace process, and we actively evaluate the decisions taken by the Southern African Summit on the issue of interest, which we call upon the international community to provide assistance to the West African Transitional Authority.
• The price statistics programme has been certified by the Office of the General Assembly; three other outputs are being applied;
(a) The legal, regulations or other authorized provisions of the law, regulations or other mandates provide for individual data to be obtained; and
9.6 The investigators confirmed that their statistical offices had been involved in international cooperation projects over the past five years, with 5.5 per cent of the investigators, but 11 per cent indicated that their statistical offices had only been involved in international cooperation projects, and 29 per cent indicated that they had only participated in international cooperation projects, 29 per cent of the investigators.
He called on India, Israel and Pakistan to support universal adherence to the Treaty as non-nuclear-weapon States.
Ibrahim Ahmed Al-Makadadh
Agenda item 87: Environment and sustainable development (continued)
(d) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification, Particularly in Africa (A/57/177)
For many countries of the African Group faced transport issues, from African countries in 2000.
UNCTAD should continue to provide policy-making assistance to developing countries in the field of electronic commerce.
I should like to remind members that, in accordance with paragraph 7 of decision 34/401, the General Assembly decided to recommend that the General Assembly decide,
Ms. Muñoz (Saint Kitts and Nevis): San Marino, in a spirit of our Third Committee, will participate in a consensus on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Third Committee adopted draft resolution I without a vote.
A recorded vote was taken.
Against:
The President: On behalf of the sponsors, see that they will explain their vote on the resolutions just adopted, and those statements are requested below.
It was so decided (decision 58/540).
KFOR closed 29 attempts to carry out illegal cross-border events, detained 28 persons and subsequently transmitted them to the police of the United Nations Interim Administration Mission in Kosovo (UNMIK).
The freedom of movement of UNMEE in areas near the Temporary Security Zone, in particular in the areas of the zone.
However, the practice of contemporary international claims has proved that some organizations have accepted the legal qualifications of all members of a group.
However, UNHCR's financial situation has serious implications for its strategic implementation, since, in accordance with paragraph 63 of the report of the Refugee Commissioner (A/58/17), UNHCR has only been able to maintain half of the funding necessary for its activities in 2003.
Summary records of the meetings of the Committee shall be prepared and distributed in English, French and Spanish.
List of speakers
The members of the Committee shall be elected under article 28 to 34 of the Covenant.
Subject to rule 38 of the rules, the Secretary-General or his representative may make oral or written statements at the meetings of the Committee or its subsidiary bodies.
In favour of the vote and the vote of vote, it is equal for the number of votes and voting.
If the Committee or the pre-sessional working group considered insufficient information contained in the report of the State party, the State Party may request the State concerned to provide additional information and to indicate the duration of the submission.
Meetings and meetings
A working group and designated Special Rapporteur 186
Rule 45
Decides that the procedure for admissibility
filling of temporary vacancies 201
The military leaders are not separated from those combatants, and counter them into force that have been integrated.
These three individuals were subsequently killed by José Ramos-Horta, who were wounded.
The review shall continue to be exercised by the Office of Central Support Services in the field of the Office of Central Support Services in a timely provision of quality services.
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 114)
Article 17
The transaction shall be designated by the commencement of the transaction, and then the transaction records related to that transaction.
However, the availability of these translation services at the local market is not feasible because of a lower cost.
12.6 The Pension (Amendment) Act 2002
With regard to the package of information on “ equality”, a set of reference materials for primary school teachers were published in 1994.
The allocation of resources for 2001 was funded by special initiatives of the adult programme “Water for Life”.
The Act is integrated to address all issues related to employment, including the enjoyment of employment opportunities, employment conditions, promotion and vocational training.
Accordingly, the current right to adopt leave for 18 weeks of adoption and optional 8 weeks (non-payment) will be inserted.
The following table sets out the amount of appropriations allocated to capital and personnel and the estimated estimates of child care facilities funded by the appropriation.
The Department also provides funding for the reduction of the voluntary organization of violence against women in Ireland's male families through a confidential telephone service, which supports and bring to men's challenges to recognize their own violence and to ensure their responsibility for acts of violence.
(b) Implementation of maternity leave or maternity leave with equal social benefits, without loss of full work, fund or social benefits;
Article 18
When updated on this list, the list will be communicated to the Central Authority responsible for border control.
However, the prospects for 2003 will continue to be influenced by uncertainties in the current global economy.
While increasing the educational and health levels of the people themselves are a good objective, their positive impact on the overall development of a country is extremely far-reaching.
Paragraph 9
The initiative is a direct response to the environmental action plan proposed by Agenda 21, chapter 40 of Agenda 21, the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, which will help the international community to assess progress in some environmental objectives.
ESCAP will hold its annual session in 2003.
In accordance with variant B, the words “electronic communication” contains the words “electronic signatures and the same reliable” may be met with the request.
Since then, WHO has been collecting data on two hand sources such as health surveys through national health surveys.
In accordance with other information received, the Board noted that the savings were a direct result of a number of savings in savings and expenditure savings, including the acquisition of $1,928,900 for the acquisition of prefabricated facilities, the alteration, renovation and construction of $62,292,200 and the cost-of-service supplies for the acquisition of electricity and clean-up equipment and the cost-of-of-living projects.
The role of microcredit as an alternative financing approach to financing is assessed.
At the end of the biennium 2004-2005, the Chamber is expected to complete the following work during the biennium: 12 trials, six pre-trial proceedings, eight appeals to the Trial Chamber and all interlocutory appeals arising from this work.
In addition to this very serious concern, despite the good intentions of the various forums of the Millennium Summit, to which the Millennium Summit has taken and adopted various resolutions, the international community has not yet taken bold major issues.
Mr. Zini ( Togo) (spoke in French): We have once again maintained our actions and set up steps to bring new life to our organization.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Secretary-General Kofi Annan for his concerns regarding the well-being of my country.
Human resources management
In accordance with the exception report submitted in some prior identification criteria, it is certainly possible to monitor more effectively compliance with human resources policies, norms and practices.
Urges the Secretary-General to continue to give high priority to the consolidation and strengthening of emergency preparedness and response mechanisms, including humanitarian early warning activities, in order to identify, inter alia, all human rights violations caused by large-scale displacement;
Reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara in accordance with the settlement plan;
During the reporting period, the Organization had no significant changes in the situation of the international non-governmental organizations that had been attached to the financing of the Organization or to other non-governmental organizations.
The Ministry of Women and Children's Affairs has been responsible for the administrative responsibility of the Ministry of Social Development, “ vulnerable groups” for development programmes.
Various studies have been carried out in order to assess information coverage and programmes of mass media.
Draft report of the Committee
The development of health-related programmes takes into account these specific gender issues.
Education has once again become essential.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Meeting on draft resolutions on human rights and terrorism (agenda item 11 (b))
African Group
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.
The Committee regrets that two important reductions (as incentives for the employment of persons with disabilities and commended the Committee for its last concluding observations).
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives: report of the Third Committee (A/58/508/Add.3)
It also sought closer integration into the European Union and hoped that a Stabilization and Association Agreement signed in 2004 with the European Union.
We welcome the final efforts to achieve that consensus.
Human rights defenders
The full text of the draft resolution was adopted without a vote.
To that end, the State party should take appropriate measures to enable the public to understand the victims of discrimination or xenophobia.
The Committee notes that, despite the constitutional and legal guarantees, indigenous and Afro-Ecuadorian residents and other members of ethnic minorities remain in practice.
The State party should include in its next periodic report detailed information on the remedies available to indigenous communities in relation to land ownership, as well as the measures to seek the use of indigenous peoples victims of environmental damage.
The Committee emphasizes the responsibility of the State party to provide assistance to the “expulsion” and recommends that the State party intensify its efforts to compensate and resettlement for affected families.
In order to enhance the work of these institutions, the Committee requests the State party to provide in its next periodic report information on cases of racial discrimination.
The Committee encourages the State party to review the laws to define the scope of the concept more clearly defined.
While the Committee has repeatedly requested, Papua New Guinea has not fulfilled its obligations under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention and has not submitted a periodic report to the Committee.
In view of the lack of statistical data on the composition of the Norwegian society, the Committee recommends that, in accordance with paragraph 8 of the guidelines for the preparation of reports, the Committee recommends that the State party provide a statistical estimate of the population composed of persons belonging to specific racial and ethnic groups.
The Committee recommends that the State party make available to the public in the submission of reports, while the Committee's views on these reports should also be open.
Sixty-third session
She would appreciate the statement made by the Chairman of the Advisory Committee.
Invites Parties included in Annex I to the Convention on the publication of national lists and national inventory documents containing national lists and CRF lists, and to inform the Secretariat of the precise web site on these publications;
Held at Headquarters, New York, on Friday, 21 November 2002, at 3 p.m.
This commitment, in particular, could be included in the third Vision Plan of Malaysia, which is shown as a key area of activity based on knowledge-based.
Finally, the Government of the Republic of Rwanda firmly supports the peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and expresses its condemnation of the letter from the Permanent Representative of Kinshasa to the United Nations.
(d) To maintain the necessary vigilance in assisting any space launch project of the country of its country, to prevent the development of weapons of mass destruction delivery systems, taking into account the need to protect the development of weapons of mass destruction systems;
The approach of the party is likely to have been the international community to implement the Convention by trying to division a dynamic, firm and determination to implement it.
2.6 Under non-post objects, the provision is for travel of the Ombudsman and its staff; communications, office automaticization and general operating expenses for the maintenance of staff; supplies and supplies; the purchase of office automation equipment.
At its 11th to 14th meetings, on 30 January and 31 January 2003, the Intergovernmental Working Group considered the draft recommendations.
The Security Council will increase from six non-permanent members from 6 to 10 a.m. since the amendment of 17 December 1963, (resolution 1991 (XVIII) of 31 August 1968.
Mr. H.A (Japan) filled the term of office until 31 December 2004.
* Term of office expires on 31 December 2003.
Report of the Secretary-General
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
References for the fifty-seventh session (agenda item 88)
In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 45/175 of 18 December 1990 and 46/140 of 17 December 1991, the General Assembly considered this issue every two years.
Thirdly, the Economic and Social Council must strengthen its role as the programmes and agencies of the United Nations system within its competence, as well as its subsidiary bodies, such as the Commission on Human Rights and the Commission on Sustainable Development.
The Task Force and the International Strategy for Disaster Reduction secretariat is the main institutional mechanism of the Strategy and has been consolidated to each other.
The Kenya Family Planning Association was a voluntary non-governmental organization, established in 1962, as a pioneer in Kenya's family planning campaign.
Please describe the organizational structure or mechanism of your Government, which may detect and investigate the financial networks associated with Usama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or the Taliban within your jurisdiction or in support of individuals, groups or entities associated with them.
The meeting was chaired by Gert Rosar (Guatemala).
There is no doubt that effective coordination between the United Nations and the African Union and the regional actors and organizations of the African Union must also receive ongoing financial assistance to enable those actors and agencies to fulfil their difficult peacekeeping responsibilities in Africa.
United Nations Children's Fund
While 69 per cent of the response countries indicated that national policies provide equal opportunities for all, regardless of gender, women and girls continue to face a wide range of economic, legal and social obstacles to HIV/AIDS.
By 2005, a decrease of 20 per cent of the total number of infants infected with HIV was reduced by 50 per cent in 2010 to ensure that 80 per cent of pregnant women had access to prenatal care.
States must develop strategies to build and maintain institutional capacities for long-term maintenance of effective responses.
The review of existing practices within the United Nations system shows that the following new features have been given to how to use evaluation experience at the country level.
These workshops and meetings were held in conjunction with the annual sessions of the Committee and its Scientific and Technical Subcommittee.
In response to this important expansion and recognition of the increased responsibilities of WMO, WMO agreed to establish the WMO Space Programme as a priority.
The new strategy was requested to promote the availability and availability of data in order to benefit the system and programmes to address global environmental issues.
As indicated in the report of the Secretary-General, significant progress has been made in implementing the mandate of the United Nations in East Timor.
These institutions and sectors are: United Nations Department for Disarmament Affairs (Department of Disarmament Affairs), the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the World Food Programme (WFP), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (WHO), the World Health Organization (WHO) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR).
(b) (ii) Any other time for its participation in the medium-term period of implementation of the contract of carriage, provided that loss, damage or delay occurred during the period under which such activity.
The second option was selected and the last sentence was in square brackets.
One of the concerns raised in paragraph 103 of A/CN.9/542, paragraph (d) should be deleted to maintain the unilateral nature of the controlling party to the carrier, rather than any changes to the provisions of the contract.
OIOS also found that no successor plan for appointment or replacement of investment management staff had been developed.
The Working Group's specific purpose is to test and analyse procedures used in countries that have encountered this situation.
I would like to point out four points.
UNIDO should focus on identifying the social responsibility of the developing world that leads to a clear increase in production and sale of companies; it should assist in developing a clear and realistic approach to providing training and tools for SMEs to implement corporate social responsibilities.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, corrections may be made within seven days of receipt of the records or the closure of the session (by a later later).
In order to date to date, it is stated that the date of submission and issuance is estimated.
To implement the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, ILO implemented the International Programme of Action to help countries develop plans of action to promote women's employment within the framework of poverty eradication strategies.
Transport
He regretted that the meeting had not reached agreement on reducing agricultural tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which would result in the reduction of income of $5 million from poor or rich countries to 2015 and would contribute to the rehabilitation of the world from $144 million in poverty.
We hope that the High-level Dialogue on Financing for Development will create a new situation to maximize the force of international cooperation to increase investment for development projects and plans.
At the same time, a bill on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination and National Discrimination was also studied.
The Republic of Madagascar explained that one of the main work of the Caribbean Department was the implementation of the revised Forestry Law (Law No. 97/01 of 8 August 1997), and the establishment of a strategy for cooperation with customs officials, including the establishment of joint patrols to improve the management and protection of biological diversity.
Paragraph 4
Requests the relevant bodies of the United Nations, including the national level, to cooperate with States, within their competence and work, and to cooperate with States, to give due consideration to the Declaration and the report of the Special Representative, and requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to bring the attention of all relevant United Nations bodies, including the Special Representative;
At the same time, she also welcomed the statement of the ministerial statement issued after the ministerial segment of the forty-sixth session of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs and the various international efforts to implement the Plan of Action for Drug Demand Reduction.
In particular, she highlighted the recommendations made by ministers on national drug control strategies and the corresponding measures aimed at achieving a significant reduction in drug abuse.
The complainant's complaint
She, like the speaker, expressed concern that 44 per cent of the recommendations made by the ICAO Technical Cooperation Agency had not been implemented and urged the Secretariat to expedite the pace.
Further clarification is needed to be made on the proposal to prepare a number of final performance reports (para.
The delegation of the United States would like to see the Inspector's technical analysis of that proposal and hoped that the Advisory Committee would endorse the recommendation.
(b) The integration of user groups into the development and implementation of the management plan strategy under common management systems.
Other matters
• The Bureau will be composed of five existing positions: Chairman of the Committee, Vice-Chairman and Rapporteur; Chairman of the Legal Subcommittee; Chairman of the Legal Subcommittee.
He urged developed countries to increase the proportion of the gross national product for official development assistance, to alleviate the burden of external debt burden of developing countries and to open their markets to developing countries, enabling developing countries to integrate international economic and social development and to bridge the gap between globalization and developed countries.
In order to achieve maximum cooperation between the Eurasian Economic Community and the United Nations, the relationship between the two parties should be strengthened on a stable basis, granting observer status to the Community of the United Nations General Assembly that will contribute to this goal, enhance cooperation between the parties and enhance the capacity of the two sides to safeguard the world's peace and security.
Recalling also its resolutions 2002/25 of 24 July 2002, and other relevant United Nations resolutions,
The Libyan authorities are also studying the Optional Protocol on the involvement of children in armed conflict, with a view to acceding to the Protocol.
The Controller has just reminded the Committee that it has received a comprehensive written clarification at the informal meetings.
The Committee notes that, although the report contains substantial information on the legal provisions that have entered into force since the submission of the previous report, it lacked information on practical implementation of the Convention.
Introduction
The report and responses are contained in document CAT/C/76.
In accordance with rule 111 of its rules of procedure, the Committee urges the State party to undertake fully investigations into the facts that occurred on 15 April 1995, to prosecute and punish the complainant, to bring about the steps taken by the complainant, including fair and adequate compensation, and to inform the Committee of the Committee within 90 days of the date of the communication.
As a result of his or her right to be separated from his torture, his right was seriously wounded.
11.11 With regard to the report of Amnesty International, dated 3 July 2001, the State party submits that, in the course of the report, it is clear that the report does not indicate whether the complainant is unable to carry out the necessary investigation.
7.2 The Committee wishes to consider whether the State party will impose the complainant's compulsory repatriation to the Sudan, whether in violation of its obligations under article III of the Convention, namely, that there is sufficient grounds for believing that a person will be subjected to torture or repatriation to another State.
The facts submitted by the complainant
4.3 With regard to the complainant's claim under article 3, the State party submits that the cases of ill-treatment in Spanish prisons cannot prove the existence of a system of torture.
The Council took note of the intention of the contact group to regularly make a substantive contribution to the periodic review and to submit its assessment to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
The Guide explored the relative applicability of the insolvency law in all its aspects.
Equatorial Guinea has repeatedly expressed its position during the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly, and during the fifty-fifth session of the President of the Republic, during the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly, during the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly and on the occasion of the terrorist attacks on the United States of America, held in New York on 11 September 2001, with the President of the United States of America.
Jamaica
Security Council
On the other hand, the first registered secured creditor may be able to protect its own encumbered assets by verifying whether the secured creditor has acquired its security right.
One alternative or complementary approach is the requirement that the secured creditor who have an assignment to be transferred shall be included in the registered notice to avoid the situation of third parties.
By limiting the extent of the relationship between the parties concerned, the registration system based on notification strengthened the degree of confidentiality between the relationship between the parties and the secured creditor.
However, through the transfer of legitimate control of the secured creditor's obligations under the control of third parties, it may also be able to pay the right to waiver.
The consultants worked on the drafting of guidelines for the support and guidance of experts.
Reaffirms that the World Conference on Human Rights held in Vienna in 1993.
See chap. ]
Deeply concerned that women belonging to minorities, indigenous women, refugees and internally displaced women, migrant women, women living in rural or remote communities, women living in rural or remote communities, women living in or detained, women, women with disabilities, older women, men and women, who are often vulnerable to violence or particularly vulnerable groups such as violence, and other women who are often vulnerable to violence,
Urges States to consider ratifying or acceding to the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and its Protocols, the Protocol on the Smuggling of Migrants by Land, Sea and Air, and the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children;
States should be committed to establishing a global security environment for mutual cooperation, mutual trust, to ensure universal security of all members of the international community, thus eliminating the movement of some countries to acquire, develop and retain nuclear weapons.
In many cases, trade, environment and development programmes will use project activities as indicators of achievement rather than target indicators.
Twenty-ninth session
A thorough review of the information provided by Iraq is not only provided during the present report.
Through the negotiation of a peaceful settlement of disputes between States and States, the international community is a recognized principle of the Charter of the United Nations, the Chinese delegation wishes to express the hope that the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom continue to pursue a constructive dialogue on the question of the question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas).
Requests that this reply be circulated as a document of the United Nations for the use of all representatives under agenda item 11 (a) under agenda item 11 (a).
The estimate of 2003 consists of the costs of the application of the proposal to replace 132 computers.
For the first session of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol, the provisional agenda may be included in the provisional agenda.
Status of ratification of the Kyoto Protocol; Adoption of the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Convention; Election of officers; Election of observers; organization of work; organization of sessions of the Conference of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties serving as the meeting of the Parties to the Kyoto Protocol;
He noted that the least developed countries seeking to diversify their exports and/or least developed countries that had successfully reduced their levels of poverty and their ability to diversify their production structures, he stressed the importance of their export structures.
At its closing plenary meeting, on 4 December 2002, the Council adopted agreed conclusions on agenda item 2.
The meeting was opened by the President of the Council.
European Community
While some progress has been made in the last year, the Special Rapporteur outlined still a matter of concern, together with a view to continuing tasks.
In 2003, more than 300,000 people died from HIV/AIDS worldwide were estimated to be infected with human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), bringing the total number of HIV infections worldwide.
While the initial HIV/AIDS is considered a health issue, it is increasingly recognized today that a development, security and human rights issue is being developed.
Such collaboration creates information and knowledge to recognize that many factors related to the status of women have increased risk of HIV infection.
International responsibility of the Working Group on International Liability for Damage arising from acts not prohibited by international law
International law: difficulties arising from the diversification and expansion of international law.
The Government has slow progress in establishing an effective and reliable judicial system and has limited limitations.
The events of January 2003 brought to the new defence and police forces emerging from East Timor, resulting in significant burdens in violations of the law.
The view was expressed that the report should be better reflected in the analysis of the core strategy adopted by the United Nations system in June 2002, as well as in all aspects of the Millennium Project, as they were the global and comprehensive framework for the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals.
General Assembly
(g) UNRWA Advisory Committee: proposed budget for the biennium 2002-2003;
Table 11 The budget will result in reduced budgetary implications for the implementation of the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Non-Self-Governing Territories (including the Committee's recommendations on non-post objects), as well as its impact on computer-related costs.
10.10 The Advisory Committee recommends that the review of the current arrangements for support to the Security Council within the framework of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005, streamlining those arrangements, as well as the integrated and integrated support capacity to enhance the efficiency of the activities and the full use of staff and other support services (A/57/7/Add.17, para.
The Advisory Committee was informed that the proposed recovery of information technology resources currently proposed for the period 2002-2003 amounted to $40,809,600 (without recosting), for the expansion of resources ($133,800) (see paras.
At its consideration of the budget, the ECE secretariat has been proactive in making recommendations and discussed and publications programmes with representatives of ECE.
Human rights
The increase of resources includes the restoration of approximately $20 million (without recosting).
In March 2003, an independent Human Rights Department replaced earlier human rights sectors under the jurisdiction of the Minister of Justice.
It reported that its HIV/AIDS prevention and control plans were conducted with the coordination of AIDS programmes and civil society in the host country.
Situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
In addition, there is no real application for terrorist acts committed outside Costa Rica or that such acts do not exist, and article 274 of the Criminal Code provides for the creation of terrorist activities or persons belonging to international organizations.
In that regard, the bill is intended to amend articles 274 and 37 of the Criminal Code relating to illegal organizations.
With regard to the Foundation's legal status, under Act No. 5338 of 28 August 1973, the Foundation Act established that it recognizes the proper legal status of the Foundation, which provides that “the Foundation has an appropriate legal personality, such as the public cause, the deployment of fixed assets to education, philanthropic activities and the promotion of social welfare”.
The Committee urges the State party to strengthen its efforts to enhance greater support for single-parent families.
At the same time, in accordance with the agreement reached by the Chief of Staff in Pretoria in March 2003, the Congolese armed forces currently deployed in Kinshasa and are monitored by MONUC military observers.
On 1 January 2003, the Special Committee consists of the following 23 member States:
Review of work
In that regard, the Special Committee notes that the programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 is based on the number of activities approved by the Special Committee in 2003, without prejudice to the decisions of the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Representatives of regional organizations
Many Territories have made significant progress in political, constitutional, economic and social development and have made considerable progress in self-government.
It was noted that some regional economic situation had resulted in increased migration to the coca bush cultivation area, while addressing drug law enforcement efforts, the trend of illicit drug processing was in rural areas.
At the same meeting, the Commission considered draft resolution (E/CN.7/2003/L.10, entitled “Measures to promote the exchange of new features and information on the use of drugs and the use of substances” (E/CN.7/2003/L.10, para.
(a) Changes in the scope of control;
Silo Nivu, Minister of Health of Fiji
• To allow access to all documents related to activities related to nuclear activities (e.g. the progress report, the exchange of views between Governments and implementing organizations, records and computer files), and to allow them to take measures in order to provide appropriate forensic analysis in the field or other locations (e.g. in order to carry out appropriate forensic analyses on the scene or other locations (e.g. in order to carry out a proper forensic analysis of such documents.
C. Attendance
Communication No. 933/Rev: Adri Mundo, Thomas O's fifth meeting of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (Views adopted on 31 July 2003)
The Human Rights Committee, established under article 28 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,
On 22 September 1988, the Zambia High Court ruled that he had no reason to continue his detention.
3.2 The authors also believe that article 14, paragraph 3, of the Covenant is violated, since criminal proceedings continue to be over 15 years.
6.1 On 12 September 2002, the State party replied to the Committee's date of execution of the author's son and that the State party was informed of the precise time of the submission.
7.2 With regard to the admissibility of the complaint filed by the author on behalf of his or her own, the Committee, in the light of a uniform precedent, sets out that the parties must be sent to others without authorization.
On 20 July 1999, the Minister granted appeal for the judgement of 15 February 1999 to the Court of Appeal that the Court of Appeal in “the most difficult case”, although the award in “the case” was open, it was appropriate to deal with each other.
The State party also added that article 7 of the risk of being violated must be tangible and that the ultimate and predictable consequences of the repatriation of a person may be violated.
Communication No. 933/Rev: Adri Mundo, Thomas O's fifth meeting of the Democratic Republic of the Congo*
To that end, you have no right to make the claim under this law.”
During the period 1990, the military officer in the region was in Amas, since then killed a terrorist attack.
Accordingly, the State party has provided tools and facilities for the wrongful act.
4.4 The State party does not recognize the fact that the legislation on discrimination in the alleged existence is a response to the author's findings.
The Convention authorized the body of the Convention to accept and consider its communications, which is the Committee not [the Committee].
The facts as presented by the author
Comments by the author on the State party
They pointed out that the State party did not contest those arguments in its opinion.
On 4 July 2001, the High Court granted the award of Cabal, but on 2 August 2001, on the basis of appeal.
In 1989, all detainees were built on the Detention Centre, but the opening of six weeks had to be filled, and new detainees must be kept in detention centres in Cobburg.
Subsequently, he and other members of the organization are aware of the relevant educational laws (Act No. 157 of the Education Act and article 5 of the Act on Education (Act No. 5 of the Law on Education) prohibits the publication of a secondary school language.
8.8 The author adds that the Norwegian law on the right to be acquired since its inception is in violation of article 27 of the Covenant.
On the contrary, the interests of the Sami people have already been guaranteed by the process of obtaining adequate grazing in the pastoral zone.
On 4 February 2000, the Committee reached an agreement to recommend to its respective groups.
However, the author did not provide information, and it was impossible to see that the Supreme Court had no doubt about the fact that the Supreme Court of 1897 had no prejudice against the Sami.
On 2 February 1997, he was officially charged with the murder of Mr. Maz, and his detention on 7 February 1997.
2.3 The author argues that the date of receipt of receipt by the Court on the request for the delivery of the addressee was the last day of Friday, 24 June 1994.
2.17 On 2 December 1998, the Criminal Court found that the author was guilty of charge and sentenced him to six months to imprisonment and ordered him to pay compensation to the complainant.
The Tribunal has also failed to rule on that request, subject to the State party's decision, which has a reasonable expectation of success in this request, because it is closely linked to the illegal administrative decision (the Administrative Court of Justice) on 26 January 1973 (p., p. 77).
At that point, the Court of Appeal is satisfied that the author is no longer able to consider and make a clearer consideration of the current place, such as his victim's place in his life, because it was accepted that the author was in a position to maintain the possibility of re-examination of the crime and social hazards, and that the author would not lose sight of the possibility of re-establishment of the “Cil” in the case of genocide.”
The author drew attention to the decision adopted by the Committee on Berry v. Jamaica (No. 330/1998), on 7 April 1994, and the decision of Griffin v. Spain (No. 49, para.
A permanent Court of Justice, Judgment, A/B, No. 79, p.
The substantive cooperation required, first, require Iraq to fulfil its obligations, to declare all weapons of mass destruction programmes or to declare all weapons of mass destruction programmes or activities for destruction or to make evidence to facilitate a conclusion, i.e. no objection.
Our Iraqi side wishes to say that there are no prohibited items, and if there are contrary evidence, they should be considered innocent in the absence of evidence.
One notable example is Iraq's declaration of brutal explosives HX, which states that the Agency's HMX of Iraq's invasion of Kuwait has made available to the plant as industrial mining.
Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
In accordance with the rules and procedures of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council and the practice of the Commission on Sustainable Development, the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests and the Intergovernmental Panel on Forests, representatives of relevant intergovernmental organizations and major groups of the United Nations Forum on Forests may participate in the first [item [iii] at the meeting of the Ad Hoc Expert Group [A] and continue to participate in the activities of the following [the ad hoc expert group].
Currently, 60 of the 16 districts of the south and the south of the south are considered areas where high-level risk is high.
E. Human rights questions
In addition, efforts will be needed to promote integrated economic and social coherence, which is essential for the development of a whole individual category.
If the State does not guarantee its survival, these communities will not be able to achieve the cultural, social and economic integrity set forth in the Constitution.
There are also some enterprises who have experienced protests and political motivation, or taking into account the cost of human rights to core sustainable development.
Thus, in such cases, article 25 of the Money Laundering Act and article 180 of the Code of Criminal Procedure are fully used to freeze funds related to terrorist operations or terrorist organizations without delay.
As noted in paragraph 1 of the memorandum and with the statement, the credentials of representatives of the Assembly of States Parties at its second session have been received from 40 States, Austria, Bulgaria, Denmark, Finland, France, Ireland and Uruguay.

Article 8, paragraph 3, of the Non-Governmental Organizations Act provides that foreign and stateless persons may participate in non-governmental organizations, like the Azerbaijani citizens.
Private initiatives in support of agriculture.
Reaffirms the right of everyone to participate in the cultural life of society and to enjoy the arts and to share scientific progress and their benefits;
In accordance with the provisions of the Fund, the project must be managed by women, and these projects must be innovative and there are other similar enterprises in the field.
The first course was opened in June 2001 by the Division for Training for the Culture Management of the Baltic Sea (NBP) and the European Cultural Management Centre (ENCAT/C).
This is a project of two urban sports and recreational sectors.
Paragraph 1
A number of electronic business processes that may be interested by States (OECD 2003) have been set out in a set of definitions:
We will explore possibilities for the use of low data links between electronic commerce and technology censuses and other production surveys.
World Bank (2003)
The EU attaches particular importance to the consideration of the work of the Committee.
The President: The Committee will now take action on draft decision contained in document A/C/58/63.17 entitled “The question of disarmament and international security”.
Steps: FMCT negotiations
Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Working Group with the services and assistance required to carry out its work.
Consideration of reports 23
There are no legislative provisions that include racism as a result of any acts of racist motivation, nor that the Court shall take into account the legislative provisions of racist motivation when deciding on these crimes.
Children with disabilities
The Committee welcomes the strategy aimed at enhancing the rights of Roma children through the provision of health and integration of health care and integration of Roma children through health and education intermediaries and in the Roma language counselling.
A special review of the issue of gender equality recommended a policy to mainstream gender equality in the country and suggested that such policies be tested in selected projects.
Most of them are treated in primary treatment, or in hospitals.
The Labour Code recognizes trade unions, trade unions, independent practitioners and temporary workers.
If female workers have been subjected to illness after childbirth, their post-natal leave should be extended and the specific time should be extended to provide them with preventive or treatment.
Following the opening of a number of tasks and actions undertaken by eight telephone programmes and continued to be evaluated and improved.
In 2000, there was also a number of cases of compulsory briefings for disease.
Since this support and other forms of support and incentives, an increase of 278 students registered in the subsidy sector in 1994 to 1998 showed a further increase of 10 per cent.
These schools have also benefited from the focus of the National Support Programme.
Table 3 Number of participants aged 65 or 65
“17. Requests the Secretary-General to facilitate the participation of non-governmental organizations and professional organizations in the Eleventh Congress and to take appropriate measures to encourage the participation of academic research communities in the Eleventh Congress;
Many indigenous representatives discussed common education issues, including: during compulsory and non- compulsory education, school enrolment rates and graduation rates were low.
The United Nations has established the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on the follow-up to the General Assembly's follow-up to the follow-up to the United Nations, to coordinate and coordinate the implementation and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields.
The annual meeting of States Parties to be held in November is being prepared.
This strategy should overcome any gaps and limitations in existing nuclear non-proliferation regimes.
The Declaration also recognizes the need for increased technical assistance and capacity-building in this area, including policy analysis and formulation, to enable them to better evaluate the development policies and objectives of multilateral cooperation and human development, as well as the development and development of human development, and the commitment of other relevant intergovernmental organizations, including UNCTAD, through appropriate regional or bilateral channels.
For the purposes of this instrument, the purpose of the present instrument is to be done,
A warning and risk education should be sent to affected communities as early as possible.
Most border checkpoints can be used through satellite links.
The parties, neighbouring States and the United Nations sign that this document implies the consent of the provisions of the present plan.
From 1990 to 1999, the index of primary school enrolment in developing countries increased from 0.8.8 per cent in primary school school enrolment, from 0.8 to 0.89.
Such differences are not confined to a age, but the evidence discussed in the present report relates only to adults.
In developing countries, the disparity in health knowledge and behaviour is fundamental to the extent of education.
e. Data refers to students who were left ( university), excluding students (in the University).
(i) Parliamentary documentation: preparation and documentation for the work of the General Assembly and its subsidiary bodies, as well as on disarmament, decolonization, the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies, as well as the subsidiary organs of the United Nations, as well as the documents of the Ad Hoc Committee on Disarmament, Decolonization, Economic and Social and Related Matters under the auspices of the United Nations, including the preliminary list of documents, the report of the Secretary-General on the organization of work of work of work of the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the General Assembly, the draft resolutions and final draft resolutions and final draft resolutions and final draft resolutions and final draft resolutions and final agenda items;
The strategic strategy for the biennium is to strengthen the provision and editorial functions of reference information to minimize delays in the processing process.
Subprogramme 2
All of these acts are contrary to the resolution adopted by the international community, which states that the illegal nature of these acts, Israel calls upon Israel to withdraw its land, but the Israeli authorities are not justified.
My delegation also expresses its appreciation to the United Nations for its commendable actions to mitigate the impact of natural disasters on human society through the coordination efforts of the international community, and to pay particular attention to the needs of developing countries.
The special session on children provided not only an opportunity to examine the progress made since 1990, but also we provide us with an opportunity to further commit to the world as a better place of children.
These include HIV/AIDS, trafficking in children and commercial sexual exploitation of children, maternal and newborn mortality, and child malnutrition.
More children are still living in extreme poverty; more children are underrepresented; more education is inadequate; some 1.5 million children are malnourished, and one hundred million children under five years of age have been successful in this context?
The Plan of Action is very comprehensive and includes strategies designed to prevent, implement and implement, protect and repatriation, return and reintegration.
The approved posts for the Professional level in 2003 are approved in annex II.
On 26 November 2003, the Committee held an informal meeting to discuss its report to the delegation of the region.
Summary of the activities of the expert mission
Response:
I have received the corresponding letter from the President of the General Assembly.
Subsequently, Afghanistan, Albania, Belgium, Benin, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Côte d'Ivoire, Croatia, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Croatia, Cyprus, Dominica, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Ireland, Mali, Malta, the Netherlands, Norway, Mali, Mali, Qatar, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Zimbabwe joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Recognizes that the international economic, commercial and financial spheres are closely linked to the implementation of the right to development, and in this regard stresses the importance of expanding the international decision-making base on development issues, to fill the gaps in organizations and other multilateral institutions, and stresses the need to strengthen the United Nations system and other multilateral institutions in developing countries and economies in transition to work more and more robustly involved in international economic decision-making and norm-setting;
Calls upon States to pay particular attention to the situation of vulnerable groups, including positive measures to guarantee the full realization of the right to the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health;
Decides to consider this issue at its sixty-first session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Deeply concerned at the violence against migrants, especially women and children in different parts of the world, of violence against migrants, racism and xenophobia and other forms of discrimination, inhuman and degrading treatment,
Recommendation
In addition, linkages are being more closely linked, and existing additional goods transit companies have sought to establish corporate relations with shipping companies or other transport companies.
E. Future activities: impact on trade facilitation
Article 14 of the Criminal Code provides that the criminal legislation of the Republic of Tajikistan shall be effective if the law of the crime location of the offence is provided, if it is imposed on the territory of the Republic.
Tajikistan, as a State party concerned, does not extradite crimes under the relevant international conventions and protocols relating to the relevant bilateral treaties?
20.20 Administrative guidance and management are the responsibility of the Executive Director, including the New York Liaison Office.
(b) Proposed organization of work (A/AC.265/2003/L.2);
(Signed) Jeremy Greenstock Chairman Security Council Committee
The investment requested may include specialized and specific assets, resulting in the cost and expansion of transaction costs.
See International Institute for Environment and Development, op. cit.
The President made a statement.
The legislation of Slovenia has the authority of all States, in particular the Ministry of Defence, to cooperate with the intelligence departments and private security companies to address kidnapping.
Members called upon the parties to cooperate fully with MONUC and third parties verification mechanisms.
Other funds
Other matters
Human resources management and payroll systems
As a result of overlap in the financial oversight functions of the Department of Operations and the Finance Division, there is therefore an increase in the harmonization of financial responsibilities among the two inter-sectoral.
In view of the fact that families have access to audio-visual aircraft can make it possible to use female women in the family, disaggregated by sex.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait
Indeed, the differences are an objective of the Iraqi leadership.
It is, therefore, that any decision of the Iraqi people to be acceptable to Turkey as a result of democracy and participation by all.
Note by the Secretary-General*
Many Parties estimate that, even after the end of the 1990s, the latest measures set out in the late 1990s may also be less than Kyoto objectives.
Affirms that cultural dialogue has largely enriched the common understanding of human rights and affirms that international contacts and cooperation in the area of encouraging and developing cultural areas can be important benefits;
General debate
Some delegations expressed the view that the responsibility and circumstances of the “State actors” should be reviewed.
However, some delegations expressed the view that there should be special treatment for the consent of the perpetrators that could contribute to determining the situation.
In comparison, in 2000, 16 countries made indicative pledges for 2001.
Let us work together to bring this day to the concrete efforts of the Committee and other multilateral frameworks, to fully cooperate, with the full political will and priorities shown by the capital worldwide.
Secondly, the media has widely reported that in the report of the Monitoring Group contains a worrying fact that Al-Qaida has decided to use chemical and biological weapons.
As soon as the discussion of the item is completed, the next item will be immediately discussed.
Norway
New Zealand
(a) Date and place;
(a) The meeting of the seminar shall be held open, but the Chairman found that the holding of private meetings required for special circumstances.
Obviously, the Middle East will not be able to resolve the relationship between Israel and the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon.
The level of development and achievement will depend on the positive development and participation of the international community in the overall security situation.
Mr. Vong (Bulgaria): At the outset, I would like to thank you, Mr. President, for having organized this important meeting on the security situation in Afghanistan, for which we have an opportunity to listen to Ambassador, Ambassador B and Mr. Guéhenno for his excellent briefing.
(d) To undertake careful assessment, effective case management and adequate follow-up support for the use of the best medical findings;
Our responsibilities are the audit opinion of these financial statements.
The plan is based on the insurance of field staff, the relevant contributions of UNHCR and income-generating activities.
(i) Miscellaneous income
Notes 8
The Board recommends that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations develop a methodology to determine the best number of staff required for the effective management of contingent-owned equipment systems, taking into account the Board's recommendations.
d In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/50 of 27 June 2002, the total amount of 186,066 for Member States for the period ended 30 June 2001, i.e. the unencumbered balance and other income of $55,857,000 dollars.
In order to commemorate the International Day of Violence against Women, the Ministry of Women's Affairs organized a national working meeting focusing on domestic violence.
I commend the Government and the international community, in close coordination with that regard, and urge the Government of Afghanistan to take the necessary steps to continue to reform its security institutions, while convinced that the international community will continue to support security sector reform.
Reaffirming the importance of an essential mechanism to facilitate access to international markets for alternative development products,
The situation in Afghanistan
The challenge of 2002 is to consolidate fragile peace base.
In addition, we believe that the nuclear-weapon States and the nuclear-weapon States, as well as their nuclear-weapon States, have complete possession of nuclear weapons into nuclear weapons.
In order to effectively utilize the remaining time and facilities allocated to the Commission, I expect to cooperate fully with delegations in order to enable the First Committee to complete its work in a constructive manner.
Rural crops, cultivation and livestock subsidies have reduced the relative profits of forests, resulting in increased deforestation.
In September 1994, the Special Rapporteur visited the region as a result of the complaint received from different nationalities, in September 1994, recognizing the seriousness of the conflict.
The second Meeting of Experts discussed the legal definition of mercenaries, which also expressed the need to amend the definition contained in article 1 of the International Convention for 1989.
Determined to encourage strict compliance with the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations,
At its 6th meeting, on 4 October, the Chairman said that the Secretariat had informed him that the proposals on Western Sahara, New Caledonia and American Samoa, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Guam, Montserrat, Saint Helena, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands had no programme budget implications.
The Government of Ecuador will notify the Committee as soon as possible.
If further assumption of 30 per cent of the investment group, there will be a need for a total of 50 per cent of all risks, and approximately 25 per cent of the project costs to be paid by project or beneficiaries, the value of investment in support of the project.
Takes note of the resolution adopted by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity in 1991, on the prohibition of the entry into and control of the Bamako Convention on the transboundary movement in Africa;
In Kazakhstan, the Ministerial Meeting of Landlocked and Transit Developing Countries and Donor Countries and International Financial and Development Institutions on Transit Transport Cooperation (May), the secretariat has contributed to the preparation of UNCTAD's report on the challenges and opportunities for transport and economic development in landlocked developing countries (UNCTAD/L.1/Add.1).
The two secretariats have organized a regional capacity-building workshop with the WTO trade and environmental regional workshops.
These items or are high value, or have a fixed nature (“the valuation items”).
Today, let us unite the world to move away from the poverty chain of humanity.
We need to maintain the role of the United Nations and to ensure that all States comply with the Charter of the United Nations.
As a debtor of debt, we will be able to live in poverty?
We strongly believe that these modest reforms will give greater attention to the deliberations of the General Assembly, which will also promote the crucial issues of full debate and can be better implemented.
Programme and budget for the biennium 2004-2005
It was mentioned that the General Assembly, in its resolution 56/227 of 24 December 2001, called upon the Secretary-General to strengthen the operational capacity of UNCTAD and other organizations and agencies of the United Nations system to support the activities of recipient countries, in particular the activities of developing countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States, and asked whether UNCTAD would take any measures aimed at ensuring that the activities of the least developed countries, landlocked developing countries and small island developing States.
Iraq now has a management committee, which is the first truly representative body of the country.
Both indicate the path to peace, all of them have access to the day of peace.
President H.spoke in French): Sergio Vieira de Mello is proud of the United Nations.
The fight against international terrorism is located in the former of Croatia's priorities.
The political system of the Korean country is a mixed presidential system containing certain features of the Parliament system, with a purely President.
Overall, the violations and the compensation made available to it are two situations.
[Original: French]
Introduction 1 - 6 3
Draft resolution I
The mission has been composed of 43 military personnel authorized, including four battalions and complementary units.
MONUC has taken a number of actions to collect arms in Bunia and to detention some suspected of being suspected of being stolen.
Despite these challenges, humanitarian organizations continue to provide assistance in all areas of access, and to assess areas that have not entered into.
The report contains, inter alia, a number of matters that require action by the Forum.
In indicator of achievement (d), replace the words “to take best practices” to “to take best practices in implementing the results of the annual programme of the Department”.
In the objective, the Millennium Declaration will be replaced by the words “to guide the priority objectives of the medium-term plan, taking into account General Assembly resolution 55/23 ( Millennium Declaration).
Also recommends that the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in conjunction with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, in collaboration with all Member States, in accordance with paragraph 21 of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/70 of 25 April 2003, encourages Governments to organize meetings, workshops and other activities on the achievements and shortcomings of the Decade for Human Rights;
Discrimination against survivors
Noting its resolution 2003/50 of 23 April 2003, on the rights of persons belonging to national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities,
Taking into account the resolutions of the Commission on Human Rights on the elimination of violence against women, including resolution 2003/45 of 23 April 2003, and the report of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women (E/CN.4/2003/7 and Corr.1 and Add.2 and 4),
Sudan
The system entity, potential donor countries and end-user countries, as well as industry users, providers and international organizations, should cooperate closely to ensure security, free global satellite navigation, positioning and demarcation systems.
Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
In November 2002, FAO organized a technical meeting on enhancing the participation of stakeholders in the financing mechanism to identify what strategies could enhance the participation of national forest programmes and build partnerships for action.
The Secretary-General and his Special Envoy also maintained close contact with other members of the international community.
“In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, the President, with the consent of the Council, extended an invitation under rule 37 of the Council's provisional rules of procedure to His Excellency Mr. Holmes, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Iraq.
The Special Rapporteur believes that the United Nations should play a stronger political role in the Sudan in order to support the current peace process and achieve permanent and lasting peace.
He took note of the new body for the Suppression of the abduction of women and children, the ongoing discussions on the establishment of national human rights institutions, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the initial measures to strengthen the role of civil society in southern Sudan.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed are invited to contact the secretariat of the Committee (Ms. De Barlo, or Ms. Ldia Bawia) (tel. 1 (212) 963-2320 and 1 (212) 963-5737).
In this course, dialogue and consultations must be held between regional organizations, political leaders and members of civil society.
(h) Report of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund (DP/2002/10);
“Recalling further the relevant resolutions on human settlements, in particular General Assembly resolutions 3327 (XXIX) of 16 December 1974, and 32/162 of 19 December 1977,
Under agenda item 14 (d), the Council adopted resolutions 2002/20 and 2002/21 and decision 2002/24/244.
At its 37th meeting, on 24 July, the observer for Cyprus introduced a draft decision entitled “Strengthening of the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees” (E/2002/L.11).
b In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/20 of 21 December 2001, the Human Settlements Commission replaced the Governing Council of the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-Habitat) on 1 January 2002.
During that meeting, we note with satisfaction the increase in the number of Member States and continued to debate on the annual declaration and prior notice of the launch of ballistic missiles and space delivery rockets.
The sovereignty of the Falkland Islands will not change unless the people of the island wish to change.
Encourages the relevant authorities to launch courses for children in schools, including mutual understanding, tolerance, active participation in civil affairs, human rights and promoting a culture of peace;
The case of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia described the importance of the judicial process in achieving national reconciliation.
In conclusion, the General Assembly needs to take a decision on this matter.
4.4 As the chief sector of terrorism, the Department of Political Affairs will cooperate with the Centre for Crime Prevention and Justice and other relevant departments of the Secretariat in the implementation of Security Council resolution 1373 (2001).
As for the Tribunal, it will be guided by the Relationship Agreement reached by the Tribunal and the Organization, in accordance with the agreement reached at United Nations Headquarters.
(b) To enhance dialogue with major groups identified in Agenda 21, including women, youth, indigenous peoples, business, trade unions and non-governmental organizations, as well as the participation of those groups in the work and general sustainable development activities;
Indicators of achievement
23.23 The subprogramme is responsible for the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Indicators of achievement
Strategy
In particular, the work of decision-making officers has also been supported to take account of their policies and plans to manage water, energy and environmental social issues.
Performance measure
Expected accomplishments
17.17 The main objective of the subprogramme shall be to provide timely assistance to victims of natural disasters and environmental emergencies (including technical accidents).
The International Institute of Volunteers also has a voluntary liaison representative, who will attend all press conferences organized by the United Nations to non-governmental organizations and submit periodic reports and communications to the Board of Trustees of the International Institute for Volunteers.
The jury will then make recommendations to the Government, which will be strictly implemented and evaluated.
Ms. Rodríguez (Norway) said that, on behalf of counter-terrorism, serious violations of human rights were being counter-terrorism, combating terrorism, being an excuse for torture and repression of human rights defenders.
Introduction
“The Security Council expresses its grave concern at the attempts of the ECOWAS Force and the French forces to cross the ceasefire, as well as the serious consequences that might arise.
Fifty-eighth session
The family: 8 per cent of friends: 0.2 per cent of the following: 8 per cent of the following: 8 per cent of their work or working relations: 8 per cent: 7 per cent (to provide short information: 0.7 per cent: 0 per cent: 0.7 per cent: 0.7 per cent: 0 per cent of the population: 0.6 per cent: 0.6 per cent: 0.6 per cent of the population: 0.7 per cent
They should be sent within one week of the date of this document to the Chief, Official Records Editing Section, room DC2-750, 2 United Nations Plaza.
Older persons as a group are not vulnerable, but the ageing process has compelled people to adapt to their uncontrolled substances, social and economic environment.
Different groups expressed their common concern, but they agreed that social vulnerability hinder their full potential and denied their voice and rights.
There are no number of families who have suffered from medical costs and loss of income for members of the family.
In cases of armed conflict and other disasters, the informal support system often disappeared by death, disappearances or forced migration.
The reference to “international responsibility” indicates that the draft articles are fully reviewed in the context of international law.
The Committee is not correct to maintain the proper balance between the scope of the draft articles by intergovernmental organizations and even when possible excessive limitation of the draft articles.
Fifty-seventh session
The primary responsibility of the State to protect refugees and other persons responsible for UNHCR; the core of the protection of the right to international protection is the protection of refugees and other persons responsible, and UNHCR will need to exercise international protection in a more coherent manner; and the need to ensure that the registration of beneficiaries will be carried out by providing protection and assistance to beneficiaries in a more coherent manner; and that it is a very useful way that would ensure that UNHCR must ensure that they can be carried out in order in order to ensure that the registration in order to ensure that they can be able to ensure that they can be able to ensure a better support and address the best practices in order to ensure a better manner.
In view of the growing relationship between conflict management, humanitarian action, human rights, development policies, I re-evaluation of UNHCR's status in the United Nations family.
Adoption of the agenda
The Committee welcomes the efforts made by the Government of Chad to continue to engage in a dialogue with the democratic and justice campaign and other opposition parties, as reflected in the following:
An important policy decision that must be made to establish a super-priority in order to finance the purchase of goods is whether such priority is only the seller of the goods and is also required to extend the bank and other loans to finance the goods.
To identify the benefits of such priority claims are social objectives.
For creditors, it is equally important for the clear and results that the priority rules and the effective identification and identification mechanism for the provision of credit, and the details of priority rules themselves.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The most common sign is the Chairman of the Working Group on Arbitrary Detention and the Special Rapporteur on the promotion and protection of the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
However, the majority of the countries in the region have not been able to carry out all goods entering Somalia or from Somalia to neighbouring countries if they have to be tested.
The most intensive airport of Somalia is H.C., on average monthly transportation of 8,000 passengers and 350 tons of goods.
calendar of conferences and meetings in the economic, social and related fields (agenda item 7 (c))
(d) Report of the Board of Trustees of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (E/2003/59);
Basic programme of work
Agenda item 113: Promotion and protection of the rights of children (continued) (A/C.3/58/L.23/Rev.1, L.28 and L.83)
Therefore, the United States Government must vote against the draft resolution.
Mr. Schurt (Liechtenstein), in principle, agreed that the Office of the Special Representative should be supported by the regular budget.
Ms. Elisha (Benin) said that she regretted the outcome of the voting, and she said that delegations had joined together and that the inclusion of the draft resolution had indeed changed.
Article 45, paragraph 3, of the Constitution defines discrimination as “discrimination” as follows: “A discriminatory” refers to different treatment to different persons, which are entirely or primarily dependent on their ethnic, political opinion, colour or gender, which are bound or restricted by them.
Persons with disabilities have the right to non-discrimination and equal enjoyment of the above-mentioned services.
The placement services are provided by the company headquarters and in the district centre (including the Gini-based centre).
As a result of the different rules applicable to each category, the Regulations also distinguish between “child”, “child”, youth”.
As of October 2000, a total of 323 children live in care facilities, of whom 17 boys, 150 girls.
The list of cases is based on the location of the house, with a total of 68 such areas.
It can only be made available only in exceptional circumstances.
However, all high-risk pregnancies have been carried out to follow up on the prenatal clinics of the child.
The use of land for Malta is a major challenge in view of the size of the Malta Islands (1616 square kilometres).
It also provides support for the planning of a mentoring team and part of support for the provision of school services.
Malta supported the concept of a culture as a result of a wide range of personal, social and economic values.
These creative activities are considered to ensure the basic activities of the country's sustainable development, since it has a potential for economic value to society as a whole.
In 1989, the Housing Authority issued a copy of the lease and lease notification issued by the Housing Authority in 1989.
While significant efforts are being made, war, resources, poverty, HIV/AIDS and other issues continue to hamper sustainable development in Africa.
In particular, I would like to refer to matters such as financial, debt, market access and experience.
In developing countries, the importance of trade will not be overlooked.
These procedures are also regulated by the regulation of the management, surveillance and auditors of associations.
It must be reaffirmed that all persons with disabilities have the right to be protected, without discrimination, full and equal enjoyment of human rights, as well as “any violation of the fundamental principles of equality or any discrimination against persons with disabilities are incompatible with the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities”.
Support was therefore expressed for the amendment to the informal document of the two States, in favour of a comprehensive convention, namely, the strict prohibition of human cloning for reproductive purposes, on the one hand, on the one hand, on the one hand, in order to control other forms of cloning, or to prevent or suspend such cloning through domestic legislation.
C. Implementation of the Subsidiary Body for Implementation
In accordance with the understanding reached in the Council's prior consultations, there is no objection that I will invite the Permanent Observer of the Holy See to take the floor at the appropriate time.
However, we must not ignore the humanitarian dimension of Iraq.
We urge the Government of Iraq to make a correct decision.
Over the years, Member States have called for humanitarian agencies to come before the end of the projected crisis.
The illegal possession of weapons of mass destruction, terrorism, and the fragmentation of aggression is often wrong and pose a threat to the foundations of international systems.
This month marked the two and half of the crises in Israel and the West Bank and the Gaza Strip — which are insecurity and the growing number of years and economic destruction.
Therefore, my delegation will contribute to the efforts of the international community to achieve these goals.
Those who have been subjected to justice, such as the ban on the island of Vieques or the struggle for independent State.
He would clarify and further elaborate on such methodologies and the need to integrate human rights needs.
These extradition treaties are consistent with section XIII of the Code of Criminal Procedure.
Table 21.23
The situation of employment and unemployment in almost all countries of the region has been deteriorating, despite the fact that, so far, the most most of Argentina, Uruguay and Venezuela has been the serious economic crisis.
Agenda item 121
There is no strict distinction between policy conclusions that can be easily addressed in the context of scientific facts.
The funding of specialized agencies and external resources is the main source of funding for most assessments.
The results are equally important in the process of the relevant scientific policy process and the process of collecting data (see www.un.org/WW/water/Tobs/comportation/index.doc.
Security Council: www.un.org/sc/presidency
Developing countries are increasingly interested in multilateral discussions on domestic regulations.
Case No.
In addition, the Secretariat continues to provide a year to troop-contributing countries to indicate this issue.
In response to this issue, see responses to subparagraph 2 (a) and (b) of subparagraph 2 (a).
The camps and placement points were blocked by armed elements, and refugees were denied access or forced repatriation to use effective asylum procedures.
In addition, under the guidance of the concept, the High Commissioner decided to convene a forum meeting on special arrangements, while the burden of assessments was a centre for the Forum.
The question of “Somaliland” continues to be controversial.
On 23 July, one hand was fired at the United Nations aircraft flying on the United Nations aircraft.
Combined initial, second, third, fourth and fifth periodic report of Brazil (CEDAW/C/BRA/1-5)
The report indicates that the Brazilian Government and non-governmental organizations participated in the process, but she wondered whether the report had been adopted by the Government of Brazil and the National Assembly.
The students are most welcome religions, and scientific and number are not very welcome.
(c) Training
Accordingly, the Panel recommends compensation for the claim.
General Assembly and complete disarmament
Pakistan is a party to the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material.
“14. Welcomes the importance of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination to emphasize the follow-up to the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance and welcomes the measures taken by the Committee to strengthen the implementation of the Convention and the functioning of the Committee;
“ coordinated implementation and activities of the Programme of Action for the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination
Fifty-eighth session
The key environmental challenges in the West Bank are: (i) commercial fishing and its impact on the marine environment, resulting in changes in fish stocks; (ii) the persistence of persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals in the Arctic environment; (iii) industrial development and conservation activities; and (iii) the need to continue over the years of the three decades to be decentralized, despite the fact that their sources are expected to have a significant increase in marine industrial development and conservation activities;
Several delegations expressed the view that there was no control of fishing, persistent organic pollutants and heavy metals outside the national jurisdiction, maritime activities, shipping activities and dumping, and the impact of climate change on the real and sustained threat to the marine environment.
multilingualism and public information
Encourages the Department of Public Information to continue to build partnerships with local, national and regional broadcasters and to disseminate the voice of the United Nations to each of the world;
The programme agreed with a further research study of global entrepreneurs monitoring, namely entrepreneurs need to support business opportunities.
Mr. Xavle, French, University of New York
Mr. Yváz, Switzerland, Minister of Foreign Affairs of Switzerland
Globalization and its impact on the full enjoyment of all human rights
Mr. Dakam (Romania): I would like to congratulate you, Mr. President, for the first time we made a statement during the current session.
With regard to the verification model, a holistic approach and a focused approach have been made and a broad discussion.
Since 1987, a total of 2,450 Palestinian housing in the West Bank region (including East Jerusalem), has been dismantled by the failure to obtain construction permits, resulting from 1600 Palestinians lost their homes.
There are approximately 100 loans currently under the insurance portfolio, which exceeded the value of US$ 500 million; in addition to $3 million for commitment to 50 new loans (2002).
(c) The Occupied Palestinian Territory will use and draw on the wide range of programmes that have accumulated in the post-conflict and stable environments;
McDall D., op. cit.
I should be grateful if you would draw the attention of the recent terrorist attacks against Israeli citizens.

For the same period, more than 1,000 students received scholarships from Eastern Europe, Soviet Union, Viet Nam and China.
According to the 1995 census, 3 per cent of women and 5 per cent of the population aged 15 and above have completed the first secondary school, 2 per cent of women and 3 men.
From 19 to 1995, the number of central hospitals increased from 4 to 8 families, from 12 to 18 families, and the number of district hospitals increased from 96 to 13 in the district hospitals, and the number of health centres increased from 294 to 542 to 542.
The Lao Youth Alliance will also jointly explore innovative approaches with the Ministry of Health in order to provide advice and prenatal care to adolescents.
Women and men have the same courses, the children are working in a culture of peace, the survival, and other similar collective movements.
Indigenous adolescents have taken note of our experience in the United Nations system and are familiar with human rights instruments.
Turkey, as observers for the first meeting of States Parties to the Ottawa Convention, held in Maputo in May 1999, announced the intention to accede to the Convention in the first decade of the new millennium.
These debates have also helped to define and clarify the different aspects of this issue.
But everyone knows, however, that if terrorists have access to weapons of mass destruction, they would have to have little harm.
We are convinced that we have just begun.
We now now conclude our consideration of agenda item 17 (i).
They should be incorporated in a copy of the record and sent under the signature of a member of the delegation concerned to the Chief of the Verbatim Reporting Service, room C-154A.
Chile supports the efforts of the Secretary-General to modernize the human rights regime, in particular the requirements of the report, which have created a growing burden on States.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the consolidation of the accounts of different peacekeeping operations and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
“The political dimension of security — military problems”
The composition of the subsidiary bodies shall take into account the principle of equitable geographical distribution and the types of main legal systems.
In the first phase, the Committee focuses on ensuring that States develop legislation dealing with all aspects of resolution 1373 (2001), they have taken steps to become parties to the international conventions and protocols against terrorism; and they have already established effective mechanisms to combat terrorism.
Transfer of environmentally sound technologies
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(a) Chapter 7 of the 2003 report of the Economic and Social Council;
The monitoring mechanism consists of the Steering Group of the objectives, donor and lead agencies.
Fifty-eighth session
Taking into account the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly, including resolutions 54/225 of 22 December 1999 and 55/20 of 20 December 2000,
In the context of sustainable development and eradication of poverty, the protection of public health and the strengthening of national health services plays an increasingly important role, first as a factor in promoting and implementing these objectives, and secondly, as a social and economic indicators.
In order to achieve progress, we need to be frank dialogue and concrete recommendations needed.
Mr. Tavares (Fiji): I have the honour to speak on behalf of the members of the Pacific Islands Forum: Australia, the Republic of the Marshall Islands, Micronesia (Federated States of), Nauru, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Tonga, Tuvalu, Tuvalu and my country.
The individual committees may also play an important role in the discussion from and in a manner in which they have been discussed.
It was said that her proposal to be submitted to the National Assembly at the session of the Committee on Financing for Development and the Senate Financial Committee of the Senate would amend the domestic tax law and that it was important that the Federal Government had decided to eliminate article 936 of the tax law that had been imposed by most duty-free.
In general, CEB members agreed with the findings and conclusions of the report, and that the recommendations of the report were acceptable in principle.
In order to better understand the obstacles to the availability of data from the global data centre, the SBSTA invited the secretariat of the System Observing System to consult the WMO secretariat and the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) to prepare a analytical report on specific issues and solutions to those issues.
In particular, China is interested in the purchase of crude oil from Kazakhstan and signing a agreement between the country in 1998 and that a Chinese company participated in the oil resource development in Western Kazakhstan.
Article 10 of the Constitution provides that the status of international treaties is higher than the Czech domestic law.
Act No. 1096/1999 Coll. on freedom of access to information provides for the conditions related to free access to information and the basic requirements for information.
Resolution S-10/2, annex.
WFP/FAO recently reported that reconstruction works had increased by 12 per cent in 2003 to 12 per cent, offset by a sharp decline in the drought caused by drought.
In accordance with the Ministry of Health of Timor-Leste's programme for the Integrated Management of Children's Health Strategy on a week to five years of age.
The President of Timor-Leste's visit to UNESCO headquarters in Paris and the Director-General of UNESCO to East Timor's visit to East Timor in all fields of education and science.
Legislative legislation will be submitted to the Council of Ministers in 2003.
The United Nations Mission of Support, United Nations agencies, funds and programmes have provided technical assistance to enhance the capacity of the National Police and public administration to fully respect the principles of democratic governance and human rights.
The decision to restore the wording of the proposal of the Secretariat (as previously changed 1 (b), A/CN.9/WG.II/WP.19, para.
Fifty-seventh session
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,
Report of the Secretary-General
He also believed that the Chairman of the Group of 77 and China did not attend this meeting as an important signal, and he urged all Member States that had opposed this process to reconsider their position.
Italy
As a result of the increased use of the procurement office and the use of the PayN software, this limit has increased to $2,500 to all office.
The Comptroller is responsible for the implementation of that recommendation.
The Director of the Division for Treaty Affairs will be responsible for implementing this recommendation.
Russia believes that measures should be taken as soon as possible to restore stability in Iraq.
The development of sustainable, unreported and unregulated energy is a key factor in achieving the goals set at the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
The distance cooperation and exchange of teachers and teachers with other schools has also begun.
World Tourism Organization
The executive management of the Office is retained at the 7 level.
The conclusions and recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination reflected in the report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its forty-third session on the proposed programme budget outline for the biennium 2004-2005 and further changes to that note.
To date, only one country ( Botswana) has been removed from the list.
The relevant international organizations concerned generally believe that statistics are mainly a tool for the preparation, implementation or evaluation of health policies.
In order to implement the Plan of Action developed in June this year, the European Union has decided to focus its efforts to implement several measures.
The EU and its member States have actively committed themselves to finding a consensus on the basis of the report of the Special Coordinator and its mandate, to negotiate a treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices.
Jordan's position to achieve the above-mentioned objectives can be summarized as follows: encouraging the elimination of nuclear threats in the Middle East region and firmly uphold the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, which has not been weapons of mass destruction; it is recommended that effective measures be taken by the United Nations under the auspices of the United Nations to implement the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in the Middle East; to strengthen cooperation and confidence-building measures against all States in all States in the nuclear weapons of the nuclear facilities in the Middle East States and confidence-building measures in all States and confidence-building measures of nuclear weapons of the Middle East region in the Middle East Nuclear Weapons in the Middle East region in the Middle East region in the Middle East region in the Middle East region in all its nuclear weapons of the Middle East Nuclear Weapons in all its nuclear weapons of nuclear weapons of the Middle East Timor-weapon States in all forms of the Middle East.
My delegation recognizes that this tragic situation and reiterates the call of President Olo Pizana, which calls upon the international community to pursue the efforts of the international community to conclude legally binding international instruments that are legally binding to non-State actors.
Other aspects of corruption include the protection of “reporting” and victims, damages, extradition, mutual legal assistance and bank secrecy.
Deeply concerned at the violations and circumstances of violence and discrimination caused by many women's religious intolerance,
Such an analysis must be directly involved by relevant agencies and programmes.
As identified in the publication programme, the Division should update existing publications or prepare necessary new publications.
Such an approach cannot be seen as a result of reform, but it can only be seen as a reaffirmation of the mandate and objectives of the Commission and that the overall role of the United Nations in the field of disarmament and international peace and security.
I would also like to take this opportunity to congratulate the other members of the Bureau.
UNIDO should provide appropriate administrative support to the scientific centres.
(a) The statutory representative of matters related to the scientific and technological centres shall be held and shall be responsible for the administration and its operation;
Uruguay has made a commitment to contribute to the restoration and maintenance of peace in the conflict zone and has participated in the meeting of the Conference on this occasion since 1952.
As many of our continent, Ethiopia may have more suffering from other countries because of conflict and war and its consequences.
It was reported that the project against the abduction of children was another important activity carried out by UNICEF in the Sudan with the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Office of the President.
The Committee takes note of section 3 ( Political affairs), of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005 and emphasizes that the programme managers must comply with the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation and the Methods of Evaluation.
If we continue, if we can be able to promote the reform goals of the Organization, let me say that peace objectives in the Middle East?
In addition, the National Policy of Women, adopted in July 2000, has taken positive action to increase the proportion of women representatives of government legislation and implementing agencies and parties at all levels.
Source: Assessment and Analysis of the Status of Women in 2001.
14.5 The adoption of the Women and Family Planning Framework for Rural Areas
In June 2003, a statement issued by the President of the Council on the press reiterated its support for the road map and the efforts of the Quartet.
The above resolution affirms the need to terminate Israel's occupation of Arab territories and to empower the Palestinian people to exercise their right to self-determination.”
General Assembly
In my previous report, it is still uncertain that the aircraft is often coming back to outside the sea and then entered into Lebanese airspace in the north of UNIFIL.
During the intersessional period, the Working Group held informal consultations.
The implementation of the basic construction plan for the renovation of the premises should be more accessible to the buildings.
The report also addresses trends in the use and methodology of the use of contraceptives among married women and men in the regions.
Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 2002, Supplement No. 24 (E/2002/84).
While the international community has already established a set of strong commitment to guaranteeing the survival of humankind, the representative of Morocco or the representative of Morocco notes that there are still over the world's poor people living in poverty and hunger and that the climate change has been undermined and that millions of children continue to suffer from the lack of drinking water and sanitation and the growing gap between the poor and the poor.
Other matters
Recalling the commitment of Heads of State and Government to take measures, inter alia, to ensure respect for and protection of the human rights of migrants, migrant workers and their families, to eliminate the growing racist practices and tolerance between many societies,
This trend confirms the decline in opium poppy cultivation since 1999.
Any corrections to the records of the meetings of the Committee will be issued shortly after the end of the session.
The draft provisional agenda for the thirty-eighth session of the Commission is set out in accordance with the provisions of Economic and Social Council resolution 1884 (LVII), in accordance with existing legislative mandates.
The debate shows that, although progress in the implementation of the Convention has been made, much room for addressing the main aspects of the region.
The growing concern of the control of soil salt and the reduction of groundwater pollution.
Through the observance of this World Day, States can re-establish support for the Convention, promote experience and knowledge sharing.
The travel shall not be paid at the time of night leave, such as at 10 hours or more than 10 hours, for example, at the time of completion.
Contributions
The work of the regional intergovernmental intergovernmental organizations covers broad issues of economic, financial, trade, transport, energy and development cooperation.
Against:
Such statements require States to take concrete action at their national, regional and international levels, including concrete measures to apply the Fourth Geneva Convention.
Mr. Pimentel (Indonesia) proposed that one delegation would be dispatched to Ramallah to assist the Palestinian people and their inalienable rights.
Decides to extend the mandate of the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force for six months until 30 June 2004;
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 54-267.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures, including the improvement of the electoral law, to increase the number of women in elected and appointed institutions, and in particular to implement temporary special measures in order to achieve the rights of women in all areas of public life, in particular in decision-making processes in all fields.
The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen its efforts, inter alia, to encourage a wide range of educational options for women and girls, to help them fully develop their personal potential.
Concluding observations of the Committee
The Committee is concerned that several recent changes in the British Columbia have made a significant negative impact on women, especially indigenous women.
The Committee is also concerned that there are no discriminatory legal provisions that are currently under discussion concerning the “indigenous governance law” of indigenous peoples' governance law, which include discrimination against the right to marriage, identity and the exclusion of communities of the Convention.
Stresses the importance of further strengthening coordination and cooperation among the relevant United Nations organizations on the environmental dimension of sustainable development, and in this regard welcomes the involvement of the United Nations Environment Programme in the United Nations Development Group;
UNICEF is a co-chair of the Inter-Agency Task Force on Sport for Development and Peace.
In support of UNESCO, the Pakistan Public Information Fund established two awards to the Women's “best coverage” and another “the most gender awareness” of men or women.
Research will be conducted in areas of media and peace, with particular attention to the Latin American and Africa region.
In December 2001, the international non-governmental organizations maintaining formal relations with UNESCO adopted the Plan of Action entitled “International Decade for the Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World”, in December 2002, in collaboration with UNESCO in the framework of the Plan of Action, in collaboration with UNESCO for a culture of peace and security”, launched a project entitled “The heritage of heritage and peace in the local heritage”.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 15 of its report (A/58/444) (resolution 58/30).
It also describes the basic features of all phases of value chains.
The Finance Director participated in the Conference and the Asian Conference of Non-Governmental Organizations, organized by the Non-Governmental Organizations Association and the Bank, respectively.
In addition, the Government has studied the possibility of successful integration of civil society into the model for the successful rehabilitation of prostitutes (especially taking into account their vulnerability to AIDS), and assisting victims of domestic violence.
In her view, the provision of care should not be regarded as the only nature of women, and in fact should be a joint responsibility within the family and society.
The elimination of all nuclear biological and chemical weapons in the world is the United Nations long-term goal.
The increase of the commitment of troops is not the only challenge facing the United Nations.
In many cases, the United Nations assists in post-conflict peacebuilding efforts without deploying any military personnel.
The two countries are largely on track and, therefore, the world's potential to reach the end of 2015.
Within the United Nations system, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights has intensified its efforts to assist in promoting good governance and strengthening national human rights protection systems.
General Assembly
Its objective is to undermine the voice and freedom of expression of people through violence, to undermine freedom of consent and freedom, which is the basis of all civilizations.
It uses the weaknesses and gaps in the judicial order of our social organizations and international relations.
Mexico will continue to cooperate in this global effort and is convinced that international law should not be seen as an obstacle to the fight against terrorism and should be considered a valuable tool.
* For the initial report submitted by the Government of the United Kingdom, see CEDAW/C/5/Add.5, the report has been considered at the ninth meeting of the Committee; see CEDAW/C/UK/2, its second periodic report; (see CEDAW/C/UK/2, annex, and the report of the Committee at its second meeting;
The Act also provides that learning and skills committees should take fully into account the need to promote equal opportunities between different ethnic groups, men and women, as well as persons with disabilities.
The Government has included other measures to promote the role of women in the field of governance and technology: “The review of the review of the Bosnia's rights”, a strategic review aimed at identifying priority areas to improve the recruitment and retention of women in the field of work and technology and to highlight the achievements and contributions of women in the field of governance and technology.
Two members of the two General Assembly members of the Association of Northern Ireland were also headed by the President of the General Assembly, which was suspended by 14 October 2002.
See annex II, table 10. (rule 10 (c), p. 9-10).
Specifically, the Government presented a plan of action to address the low rate of rape and convictions.
This document takes into account the observations of the Plan of Action issued in 1998 to provide a comprehensive note on violence against women and how to stop such violence.
Where effective international and local contracts require the Secretary-General or the authority to accept the terms and conditions acceptable, or in order to bring such contracts to the end of such contracts.
practical progress has been made in the tripartite process established pursuant to resolution 1483 (2003).
We believe that, regardless of the level of progress made in the re-election negotiations, the date of resolution 1483 (2003) should be complied with as at 21 November.
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs
Follow-up to the outcome of the Millennium Summit: report of the Secretary-General (A/58/323)
The Secretary-General's reform and strengthening of the Organization's initiative, which is a matter of common interest and determination by all Member States.
That is to meet the special needs of Africa.
It is clear that the consensus of the United Nations is a preference for the increased membership of non-permanent members, which we will support this practice.
Mr. Stefan (Australia), Vice-Chairman, was elected by acclamation (Australia) and Mr. Stefan (Indonesia).
We believe that the Additional Protocol is an important complement of the IAEA safeguards regime.
During the entire process of development, the Court needs a considerable degree of flexibility.
The present budget has been stated that the Court needs to be more than one Pre-Trial Chamber, the Appeals Chamber may also include the Trial Chamber to deal with the work that will arise from the Office of the Prosecutor.
(b) The specific factual assumptions for the preparation of the individual suspects, focusing on the leadership level
Performance indicators
• Effective support to the prosecution Division and the Legal Advisory and Policy Section
The Office planned to increase the second survey team in June 2004 in October 2004.
The importance of tracking and recording assets and the monitoring of their uses cannot be underestimated.
This operation requires assistance to ensure that field offices are regularly entering the court network.
The Chief of the Security Council also represents the security interests of the Court through the maintenance of a daily liaison and consultation with the Office of the United Nations Security Coordinator, the Director of the major United Nations offices and other international organizations.
The objective of the subprogramme will continue to enable the International Criminal Court to maintain its international level, to use different approaches to the objectives, objectives and actions to target audiences and the public, to provide a good working environment; to create a sound working environment; to create an efficient public library and to provide information and documentation services to the Court.
(viii) To draw the attention of the Secretariat to the need to require them to consider any matter;
The Committee is of the view that the proposed contingency reserve is not a suitable way for the provision of resources to the Secretariat.
Trust Fund for Victims
Several issues have not been discussed.
I am pleased to inform you that my Government has accepted the Agreement on the Privileges and Immunities and authorized me to sign the Agreement during this week.
Discussion by the Executive Board
The General Assembly,
(2) Extrabudgetary
(a) Servicing of intergovernmental and expert bodies (regular budget)
85.8 The subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments, provided that Governments and international organizations are under priority as a matter of priority to the implementation of Agenda 21, the global conferences and the World Summit on Sustainable Development.
Table 9. Summary of follow-up action by internal and external oversight bodies and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
(d) Convention on the Marking of Plastic Explosives for the Purpose of Detection;
Reaffirming the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits and their respective follow-up reviews,
I wish today to address this issue today.
We call on the abolition of the TRIPS Agreement adopted by the International Trade Organization to undermine traditional knowledge of indigenous peoples.
In that regard, the Secretary-General has submitted its recommendation (A/58/556), the Advisory Committee will report separately.
Agenda item 151
Stresses the importance of further strengthening the activities undertaken by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to promote and implement the right to development, including efforts to ensure the effective use of the financial and human resources necessary to carry out its mandate;
External factors
The members of the Committee of the original proposal explained the background and objective.
The law severely punished sexual abuse of children.
However, some girls have completed their studies.
In addition, civil society and civil society have taken other actions:
- The transformation of the heart continues to be derived from the social culture, which has extended the pace of women's progress.
As a number of delegations noted, the amount of reimbursement for contingent-owned equipment costs in 2002 was significantly higher than the reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment costs; because troop-contributing countries could rapidly accurately calculate the number of troops.
Some of the Advisory Committee's recommendations should be addressed directly by the Fifth Committee and representatives of troop-contributing countries.
The Republic of Croatia has therefore formally assumed the obligation to integrate the whole legislative provisions of the European Union as a whole, so that the overall legal adjustments to gender equality must be made in accordance with the provisions of the European Union legislation.
The amendments to the Criminal Code of the Republic of Croatia adopted in 2000 and 2003, are detailed in article 6 of the report.
Source: Central Bureau of Statistics
However, if we take into account other resources (local and humanitarian), the number of beneficiaries increased, according to an estimate of $35,000 in 1998 (Juric, 1999 and 2000.
* The Ministry of Reproductive Health Services continued to carry out its activities until the end of 2003, a programme “ youth protection of reproductive health and overall health education”, organized by the secondary and secondary schools.
The delegation of Morocco strongly rejects the inclusion of the item in the agenda of the Conference, which violated the principle of territorial integrity in the Charter.
It was stated that, according to the distinction made by the goods received from their original means of transport.
One alternative proposal should be introduced to extend such protection to all parties involved in the operation of the sea, including independence.
One member of the Security Council noted that the Council should take a decision on the future of the Coordinator's mandate after the report of the Secretary-General in December 2003.
The report (S/2000/575, S/2001/582, S/2002/582, S/2002/64, S/2003/64) addressed the return of all Kuwaiti property.
Urges Iraq to continue to be repatriated to Kuwait of missing persons, or to find them back to their remains.
The Coordinator hopes that efforts to identify the whereabouts of the head of the company will continue.
Misfir Misfir Al Hussein
The Chairman noted that the Committee had recommended that the item be allocated to the plenary of the General Assembly.
Finally, we wish the CTC to strengthen the success of the further work of the Alliance against Terrorism.
The promotion of global markets — the improvement of communications, the use of the media, better transport links and more effective international travel modalities, which have contributed to the development of the global terrorist network — which contributes to the development of a common hate information that seeks to achieve the common objectives and destructive moral nature of displacement and destruction, and thus control of the common objectives and moral fabric of civilizations, in particular in the context of the control of a multicultural society based on the common objectives and the fight against the fight against the fight against the fight against the destruction of the common culture of the common culture of ethnic society.
“ terrorism is an affront to social disease.
In many cases, post upgrading has been delayed since budgetary constraints; it is now impossible to continue to delay, and UNDP has a considerable impact on these functions.
The United Nations Development Group will develop a plan to strengthen the effectiveness of the United Nations system in developing countries by September 2003.
The Division has also implemented organizational reforms at the level of monitoring and Research Division (formerly the Cities Secretariat), which has been consolidated in the name of the Global Cities Watch.
The monitoring function has been expanded, in addition to existing urban indicators and GIS, including monitoring urban inequality programmes.
The themes of development capacity will include analyses and communications, advocacy, networking and team-building skills.
In 2007, the escalation of the Afghan People's Court of Justice may be introduced in new features.
What challenges are:
As a result of the fact that the National Committee's contributions are usually based on the regular resource fund-raising base, this will be likely to enhance regular and other resources fund-raising capacity.
In view of the limited resources of the Foundation, non- designated project activities are generally limited to the assistance, assistance in the preparation process and activities that may play a significant role in the comprehensive development of human settlements.
The Mexican community programme of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs coordinates programmes on the basis of collaboration with departments of the Ministry of Education and the Ministry of Education and the corresponding departments of the United States, including the provision of educational programmes for children, youth and adults.
The Government of the Philippines has proved to have failed to effectively protect the rights and dignity of migrant workers and the failure to prevent them from illegal practices related to the very favourable industry.
In Latin America, as a result of the growing trend of migrant workers, UNIFEM is supporting the establishment of a basis-based knowledge on the current migration process.
The management and documentation of the General Assembly constituted the central link and fundamental aspects of the world's inclusive multilateral institutions for a daily operation (see A/57/37, para.
In consultation with the departments of the preparation of the document, the Department sought to find a methodology and, on the basis, a timetable for the submission of pre-session documentation to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
Integration of women's human rights and gender equity
The following table sets out a regulatory authority for the functions identified in Article 10 of the Agreement, while 34 are not limited to the regulation of fishing organizations that often provide advice on scientific matters.
Implementation of the Agreement
See, for example, decision II-10 of the Conference of the States Parties ( Jakarta mandate), resolution IV-5 and V-2.
Staff Regulations of the International Criminal Court and resolutions on the establishment of a permanent secretariat of the Assembly of States Parties to the International Criminal Court.
The scope of the Convention on the Law on the Use of the International Watercourses of the Sea.
Stressing once again the importance of effective drug control regulations and national policies to reduce drug trafficking and illegal use and related consequences,
Iraq states that there is no timely delivery of the goods, since the “This material has been sent until 4 July 1990 until 4 July 1990, and “ letters of credit shall be completed within three months”.
A Arab Federation seeks compensation in the amount of USD 857 of the “family subsistence allowance”, which relates to compensation for employees who were paid to Saudi Arabia during the period under review.
Following the conclusion of an agreement to provide a catalyst for the supply of equipment to each facility prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait; KPC has been able to provide the Bau-Prince with the first-term catalyst agreement signed in 1975 with Chauvau-Prince; and it has been able to carry out the verification of these devices by the NPC in order to allow it to maintain the equipment of the United Nations to be used by the B.
In the light of the above, the Panel recommends compensation in respect of the amount of USD 757,7 for payment or relief to others.
As a result of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait, it paid USD 2,764,640 per year for ships and mechanical insurance, which is calculated at the level of 0.00 per cent of the amount of US$ 1 million per vessel and the amount of US$ 1 million per vessel.
This case relates to the International Foundation for the International Organization of Ethics, International Foundation, International Foundation, International Foundation, which is located in Bogotá on the list of the Committee.
This document is submitted pursuant to the above request.
At the same time, India reaffirms its commitment to global nuclear disarmament, as well as its commitment to the following policy: non-nuclear-weapon States not to use or use nuclear weapons.
On the same occasion, India announced the establishment of its nuclear command body, including a political council, as the only body approved for the use of nuclear weapons.
Since my capacity as the High Commissioner, I have stressed that, in particular in the item.
In many countries, there are no poor countries than rich and rich countries, or in the context of the “bust gap” in terms of income.
The Court must review the fundamental right to protect in accordance with its applicable law.
(b) To reduce the time required for peacekeeping operations under the mandate of the Security Council;
Request for the establishment of consultants to provide professional expertise to the Monitoring, Evaluation and Advisory Division in the design exercises to facilitate effective monitoring of the military aspects of peacekeeping.
Some Parties further elaborated that the quality of information provided by the media in the context of climate change (France), “the media did not specify the relationship between international negotiations and domestic commitments” (Sweden), or “the media did not have the role of the media” (Italy).
Sweden stressed the importance of the people's awareness and understanding of these issues, and it must also be aware of what needs to be done to address this issue and what role they can play in that process.
The media participated in the media.
The proposed mitigation measures are divided into short-term (3 years), medium-term (10 years) and long-term action.
The strengthening of institutions and training programmes funded by donors must be an initial activity in this component.
The loss of ecosystem functions and species may lead to the change and loss of the ecosystem function.
(f) The Government of Egypt reported that human rights education had been included in school curricula and/or school activities.
It is almost unanimous that there is no corresponding social obligation or responsibility, without the corresponding social obligations or responsibilities, not only the individual, but that these responsibilities can be defined in an appropriate manner and if they are able to define, at the international framework and at the domestic level.
Ali Hamoud, Minister of the Interior (November);
The Convention applies to all other United Nations actions, such as the United Nations political missions, post-conflict peacebuilding offices, or humanitarian missions, provided that the Security Council or the General Assembly “to declare dangerous” (art.
Other documents
We have also been disappointed by continuing settlement activities in the Palestinian land, in particular by Israel, currently in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem.
With regard to the situation in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, we would like to reiterate our grave concern to the continuing violence and excessive use of force.
This record contains the text of speeches delivered in the other languages.
(e) Democracy.
(f) Risk assessment.
Therefore, the Syrian banking system cannot have suspicious transactions.
In some of the reasons why you did not have changed — you did not have been able to say — “a”?
One of the expertise of him is also the expertise of the training camps and the use of toxic agents.
The scope of its activities is now not confined to this small area in the north of Iraq.
We believe that this development is a very important contribution that the Security Council will be able to make an important decision to make a greater sense of responsibility and objectives around the world.
I give the floor to the representative of Iraq.
Economic exploitation also refers to the harmful health and development of children in a manner that prevents them from school or in carrying out their responsibilities related to schools or to the schools, or in conformity with the following human rights standards: Convention No. 138 concerning the minimum age, and recommendation No. 182 concerning the Convention on the Elimination of the Worst Forms of Child Labour and the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Other business enterprises should be paid to workers to ensure that they and their families are adequately living.
Spain, José Antonio García-Sa González, Rizírez-Pizio de Derechos Humanos, Jean-Marc de La Sablière, Jean-Marc de Derechos Humanos, Jean-Marc de Derechos Humanos, José Luis García de Derechos Humanos de la Francophonie, Paris, San José de los Derechos Humanos de la Francophonie
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Azerkand Tavosovskiskiski
The Chairman of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights, Ambassador El Salvador, briefed the members of the expanded Bureau and the coordinators of regional groups, such as Asia, Latin America and the Caribbean, Western European and other States (on behalf of the African Group).
Inter-sessional meetings
They recommended that each treaty body take measures to improve the correct nature of press releases.
The President:
The Division is composed of one Professional and three General Service staff, responsible for effective application and continued development of information technology in the courts.
Accordingly, Mexico requested the Court to decide and declare:
It is only subject to the issuance of documents attached to the Court's decision only if it is necessary to understand the Court's decision.
United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 402, No. 57787.
The General Assembly,
Letter dated 21 April 2003 from the Chairman of the Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Once the funds entered the banking system, even if the funds are deposited into banks only abroad, they are likely to be found to have been transferred to illegal purposes such as financing.
With regard to the general standards, the United States supported the further consideration of the proposed simplification Classification System, and looked forward to the Committee's detailed report on the effectiveness assessment of the General Assembly.
This partnership requires mutual responsibility: political and economic reforms in developing countries, and developed countries provide support, in particular through the adoption of assistance, trade and debt relief.
All claimants prior to Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait were employed in Kuwait.
In accordance with the methodology referred to in paragraph 2 of the report of the First “E4” report, the verification and valuation of the claims receivable for the twenty-sixth instalment were not recovered.
Report of the Secretary-General
Taking into account the need to address extreme weather events and their associated natural disasters and disaster reduction issues,
I have the honour to transmit herewith a statement to the General Assembly of the World Peace and Non-violent nationals of the world, held in New Delhi on 26 April 2003 (see annex).
Appointment of members of the Credentials Committee.
Taking into account the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993, and urges all States to ensure the protection of all migrant workers and their families,
The people of Estonia and I have joined all the representatives of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello and others, who have been murdered.
Estonia has acceded to all 12 United Nations counter-terrorism conventions and is actively cooperating with many States and international organizations.
The Bosnia and Herzegovina Criminal Code provides for the confiscation of proceeds from criminal activity, including the basis and modalities of confiscation, and the protection of the items destroyed.
In addition to the organizations of the United Nations and the international Government, I also cooperate with many international non-governmental organizations, in particular the International Air Transport Association (IAT) and the International Association of International Civil Aviation, the World Customs Organization (WHO), the World Customs Organization (WHO), the World Customs Organization (ICC), the International Association of Air Pollution Control Unit (ICC), the International Association of the International Coordinating Council of the International Maritime Organization (ICC), the International Maritime Organization (ICC), the International Organization (ICC), the International Maritime Organization (IMO Association of the Association of the International Maritime Organization (ICC).
English and French is the language of its work, but some forums, including meetings, have also been used in other languages such as Spanish.
A person who is the insolvency or the seller of the goods, who have continued relations with the debtor and its business, and may be able to advance new or provide trade credit to increase the possibility of obtaining value added through increasing the availability of new loans.
A number of laws apply to the Provincial Rules, and the view was expressed that the insolvency representative did not act within the specified time that the contract would lead to the rejection or failure of the contract.
The insolvency representative may be an individual, or in certain jurisdictions, either a company or other separate legal entity.
(iii) Any other matter that the creditor is entrusted to the insolvency representative or by the court.
As mentioned above (chap. III, A and B), the insolvency law may wish to provide confidential obligations to the debtor and the insolvency representative.
(a) Providing advice and assistance to the debtor of the insolvency representative or to preside;
(d) To suspend the application of the requirements of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons in other laws.
The creditor is unable to submit claims before the final report and accounting, depending on the other provisions of the insolvency law, which may draw different results.
If the claim is taken outside the proceedings, such claims usually fall within the nature of the claim and may be subject to a specified category of claims in the insolvency proceedings (see chapter II, sect. B, and in the case of the dispute.
The insolvency proceedings are often required to assist some professionals, such as the insolvency representative and consultants of the debtor or insolvency representative.
Priority claims
Many insolvency laws are generally required to convene creditors meetings and to submit their accounts following the changing and allocation of assets.
The threat to a very similar attack has also become a normal aspect of Israel's daily lives.
We have not yet seen Israel to take any practical steps to that goal.
As a member of the Conference on Disarmament from East Asia, I share the views of the other members of the Conference of the Conference, namely, we all pledge to address East Asia through dialogue and peaceful means.
Calls upon all States, in accordance with the provisions of the Declaration on the Elimination of All Forms of Intolerance and of Discrimination against Women, to recognize the right of everyone to hold places of worship or assembly and to establish and maintain facilities for such purposes;
Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that the Special Rapporteur has the necessary resources to enable him to fulfil his mandate;
The revised section of the overall direction and subprogramme 4 ( sustainable development) of the programme, and increased a new subprogramme, entitled “ Financing for Development”.
The General Assembly continued to emphasize the need to mainstream a gender perspective in all policies and programmes related to children (resolution 57/191).
At the request of the Chairman, the text of the text should be circulated to members of the Council.
The Secretary-General believes that these credentials are consistent with the provisions.
Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
In 1999, the North-South Development Initiative submitted to the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), Namibia, Panama, Venezuela, Mozambique, Ecuador, Argentina, Peru and Botswana the feasibility review.
In the absence of exceptions in bilateral dispute settlement, the effective use of local remedies rules is undermined.
His delegation supported the principle established by the International Court of Justice in the Barcelona Traction case as the main principle of diplomatic protection for companies.
Thirdly, following the orderly classification of State practice, States should be possible to determine the grounds for unilateral actions or acts of conduct; the State expressly or implied an effective standard of commitment, in particular the criteria related to the competence of the organ responsible for action or responsible for action; the revision or withdrawal of unilateral commitments.
The Association has also worked closely with the United Nations in close cooperation with the Association/United Nations Disarmament Education, Conflict and Peace Commission.
Currently, in support of the Foundation, a project is being implemented to strengthen the role of civil society in expanding reproductive health innovations.
A growing number of new and more rapid areas in the world are Brazil, Canada, Egypt, France, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Latvia, Mexico, Netherlands, Nigeria, Philippines, Romania, Russian Federation, Romania, Spain, Turkey and the United States.
Mexico's approach to the protection of refugees in Guatemala could be an example of durable solutions to refugees.
For the tenth anniversary of the International Year of the Family, Mr. José Antonio Ocampo, Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, will begin on Thursday, 4 December 2003, at 2.30 p.m. in the General Assembly Building, on Thursday, 4 December 2003, under the opening of an exhibition on family issues.
Address by His Excellency Mr. Alfonso Martínez, President of the Republic of Guatemala
Framework Convention on Tobacco Control, Geneva, 21 May 2003
In that regard, I would like to stress the very important role played by IAEA in providing technical assistance to Member States and that significant progress has been made in improving the efficiency of the technical cooperation programme.
The plan of action generated by the Conference will help further build confidence and ensure that good security records continue in that regard.
With regard to the implementation of the plan of action by the Director-General to combat nuclear terrorism, Mexico supports measures to improve the physical security of all nuclear materials.
However, the Agency's staff will work daily on these aspects and many others in order to better and safer our world.
The natural person is not operating, subject to his habitual residence.
(c) Any modification of electronic signatures after the signature; and
The Working Group may wish to note that, in the formulation of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce, the view was expressed that such a definition was not part of the instrument and the Guide to Enactment.
The evaluation shall be conducted in two phases.
2.8.5 In cases where the goods must be maintained, the provisions should be met.
“3. States shall review their infrastructure and identify interdependent relationships so that they are protected.
Reaffirming the need to strengthen the scientific and technical activities of the organizations of the United Nations system, as well as the role of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development, in particular in developing countries,
From Wednesday, 3 December 2003, the President of the Security Council will hold an informal briefing on the work of the Council on the same day, except on days of informal consultations.
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property: report of the Sixth Committee (A/58/522)
A/C.4/55/L.4 - Implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and the outcomes of the World Summit on Sustainable Development -- Draft resolution submitted by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee on Human Rights on draft resolution A/C.3/57/L.8 -- International Action Decade for Life [A C E F R S]
In paragraph 134, it is indicated that they provide them with the necessary space for their realization.
As a result of the fact that the Conference of the General Assembly was scheduled to be held on 27 October, the proposed open-ended panel meeting on commodities could be borne by existing conference-servicing resources.
In this regard, we note of the 2003 Human Rights Development Report clearly that, if the situation does not improve rapidly, the region of sub-Saharan Africa will have to meet the universal primary education goal of 939 and 1416 years to reduce the rate of child mortality.
The gravity of the situation in Africa constitutes a real danger to international peace and security.
This is the understanding of Eritrea's recovery in Africa.
Developing countries must overcome a range of obstacles, which will enable them to use the progressive market.
We also hope that the Helsinki Committee will facilitate the work of the Committee.
The murder of three Israeli citizens is subject to death, approximately forty-seven injured.
“In terms of competence, the complainant found itself to be placed in a continuing situation, which would undoubtedly be derived from the entry into force of the Covenant on 14 June (1975) and since the date of entry into force of the Covenant.”
In particular, the Human Rights Committee and the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights regularly found more than violations of a clause and subsequently recommended a package of measures that could be set out above.
The State party has made objections to the admissibility of the complaint, on the grounds that the act of the State party has not been implemented by the State party, while the State party is unable to influence the Business Insurance Commission; in that regard, the Human Rights Committee considers that its functions are part of the functions entrusted to other self-government bodies under the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination is also concerned that discrimination against the existence of a loan market, 20.2 personal use language, 203 and access to public services.
Communication No. 17/1987, Brok v. Netherlands, Views of 9 April 1987, A/42/408, annex VIII, sect. B, para.
1 See, for example, Communication No. 505/ 1992, A/51/40 v. Togo, Views of 25 March 1996, vol. II, annex VIII, para.
Report of the Secretariat on the world situation on drug abuse (E/CN.7/2004/2)
The election of vocational schools was further trained at the university level in order to serve as teachers and to send cooperatives to work abroad.
On 13 May 2003, following the Board's ruling, Radio Baju re-entry, was the first case of the Tribunal's failure to limit the decision of the Administration.
Recommendation
The events of the past year have experienced pressure on the nuclear non-proliferation regime in a multi-war era and clearly indicate the urgent need to strengthen the system.
It has been agreed to provide more rapid credit for contributions and $5 million under this joint programme, which is expected to demonstrate complementarity between capacity-building and borrowing operations, as well as the United Nations development financing agencies.
(a) Sustainable urbanization (policy framework):
HSP/GC/19/2/Add.2
The Special Rapporteur, Mr. Richard McBin, presented a detailed study on this subject.
(d) Conflict cases;
Bulgaria also signed a memorandum of understanding with Belgium, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Lithuania, Romania, Poland and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia on the exchange of financial information.
Since then, the island has no longer been a central administration of the entire Cyprus.
The political leaders of the Turkish Cypriot have repeatedly mentioned that such issues should be resolved through a solution to the island.
The priorities of the transition include support for consolidation and stability; restoring basic services and infrastructure; promoting human rights and local capacity-building; supporting refugees and internally displaced persons.
In 2000, the gross domestic product growth of Djibouti has been confirmed by 1 per cent of the positive evolution of the gross domestic product (GDP) in 2001 and the 2002 figure has also changed in that direction.
Article 24 of Law No. 24/8 provides penalties for another different pattern of financing of terrorism: “The recruitment, accession or support of illegal military organizations in order to combat the purpose of the purpose of fighting, whether armed or otherwise, is in any form, or in any form of armed or non-container”.
The security situation must also remain stable and conducive to the implementation of the Bonn Agreement.
The current arrangement includes the period 2002-2003 for 2002-2003.
To date, some 300 kilometres have been constructed, bringing Palestinian terrorists to the killing of civilians in the Israeli population.
Germany regrets the recent escalation of violence among Israelis and Palestinians.
The wall has not been constructed along the Green Line.
This wall has been accompanied by the parallel extension of its parallel extension.
The European Union is ready to help them implement the road map.
The Palestinian leadership must take practical steps to demonstrate its commitment to end such acts by extremists.
“The addressee is unable to reasonably anticipate that the data message will be communicated to it.
Proposed new paragraph
However, in the area of legislative and policy, there seems to be no steps to mainstream a gender perspective into government policies.
Expressing its deep concern at the conflict and its impact on the humanitarian situation of the country, including the tragic loss of thousands of innocent people and their devastating effects on the region,
The overall theme of the High-level Dialogue is “ Monterrey Consensus — Implementation and future tasks”.
The imbalance in draft resolution A/C.12/1/L.45 is that it is only a transparent measure of conventional arms that exclude weapons of mass destruction.
The Monterrey Conference has emphasized the need to harmonize national, regional and international policies and to coordinate the activities of organizations and agencies, including the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions.
March 2003
It is ongoing to provide advice to the Sierra Leone police in these critical areas.
Children are particularly difficult to do so, in particular, to enable them to do so to do so at a night, in the light of the stumbling, and to shrink.
Election of officers.
It was also suggested that paragraphs 19 and 20 be consolidated with the relevant special priority and insolvency.
governing bodies
Also decides that the Working Group will make recommendations to address the most appropriate review of the implementation of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields, including the review and cycle of the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits, bearing in mind the need to recognize the positive role of all relevant stakeholders in the implementation of the outcomes of the United Nations conferences and summits;
Aware that the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the Declaration on Cities and Other Human Settlements in the New Millennium, and the relevant internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration, require greater coherence and effectiveness,
Meeting of the Security Council with the troop-contributing countries to the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus pursuant to resolution 1353 (2001), annex II, sections A and B.
The situation in Liberia.
The General Assembly,
The White Paper proposed the expansion of British citizenship to the citizens of overseas territories, while requesting the Overseas Territories to amend their local legislation, in particular legislation on human rights and financial services to meet international standards.
In 2000, the Government spent 500 million in the road, most of which is funded by the Anguilla Bank and the Caribbean commercial banks.
The General Assembly,
Tunisia welcomes the recent report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Charter concerning assistance to third States affected by sanctions.
The Committee should focus on issues of a more small number, avoiding duplication of resources in the Council's sanctions Working Group and other United Nations bodies such as the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations.
(b) National stability system
The protection of those who have left their homes is often difficult, since the large number of persons are generally in the national authorities in the absence or unwilling to provide basic assistance and protection of crises and conflicts.
States recognize their primary responsibility for ensuring the protection of refugees and internally displaced persons.
KSF produced a copy of a copy of a record of a bank account and a full payment received from the company.
Mr. Rosh (Egypt), speaking on behalf of China, Dominica, Kuwait, Malaysia, Myanmar, Saudi Arabia, Singapore and the United Arab Emirates, requested a separate recorded vote on the draft resolution (b) and 6 (e).
He took note of the fact that the President had no application of rule 129 of the rules of procedure, and hoped that the following statement would be recorded, namely, that his delegation's understanding that the rule remained under the same interpretation provided by the Office of Legal Affairs and earlier by the President.
KFOR continued to provide assistance to international and non-governmental organizations working throughout Kosovo and to provide security assistance to support the police activities of UNMIK.
In that context, India strongly condemns all acts of terrorism and violence.
Decides that major groups, including non-governmental organizations, shall participate in the Conference in accordance with rule 65 of the provisional rules of procedure of the International Conference;
Calls upon the Department of Public Information to provide the necessary resources within available resources to Member States, major groups, including non-governmental organizations, national and regional media, including small island developing States, including the dissemination of international conferences, to encourage contributions and support to the international conference and their preparatory process;
Article 61
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Legal Consultative Organization
Albania, Croatia and Macedonia, in accordance with the commitments made under the Charter of the Asian States, will bring them closer to the standard of membership.
However, we still need to mobilize the necessary resources, joint implementation of the various declarations that we have adopted — in all its aspects — has greatly hoped that our peoples are in the heart of these extreme poverty.
We re-emphasize the urgent need to complement new FDI, ODA transfers, technology transfer, and to strengthen cooperation with Member States and global civil society.
We are equally sadly informed that the members of the Committee of Iraq's Management Committee, Ms. Arianh, had died as a result of the recent terrorist attack.
The recent events have proved that the existing nuclear non-proliferation regime has an inherent constraint when addressing the proliferation identified.
The vision of the European Union, Mr. Robert Manman, led to the establishment of a Euro-Atlantic Community, which later expanded today's unprecedented multilateral integration institutions.
The high pressure means and the acts that are intended to continue to constitute a major threat to international peace and security.
“(6) bis
Application or choice of choice shall not be applicable to the application or choice of choice or choice of choice.
Some participants expressed support for the proposal.
The Protocol will enter into force in January 2003.
The database is available through the national statistical web site (www.die.gov.com).
Rural women
The revised version of the document was submitted to the Security Council on 29 September 2003.
It is also concerned that we are assessing evidence gathered by every suspects to date.
The President: I now give the floor to the Attorney General to respond to any comments or questions.
Mr. Miraz (Islamic Republic of Iran) said that Iran had agreed to the Secretary-General's analysis in his report (A/58/35) and its recommendations on strengthening South-South cooperation and raising awareness of the public.
During the period under review, the Special Rapporteur's communications from the Permanent Mission of Iraq to Geneva.
Furthermore, Hong Kong, occupied Palestinian territories and the Islamic Republic of Iran have similar institutions.
2 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/58/37).
Provisional agenda for the ninth session of the Commission
On 13 September 2003, the revised draft text of the revised Ministerial Declaration (Job (033) submitted to the Conference, which continued consultations on the basis of the text.
Developing countries generally believe that the revised draft does not adequately reflect their interests and concerns.
The major challenge is to integrate climate change concerns into risk assessment and modelling.
“1. In respect of the use of force, the threat of use of force or the use of aircraft or ships, a sentence of 7 to 15 years' imprisonment.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
Summary
Response.
He welcomed the approval of the proposed measures and the mandate of the Working Group on Anti-personnel Mines and announced that the country had become one of the sponsors of such mines.
Documentation
Implementation of resolution 1373 (2001)
This is a good start, however, to fulfil our commitment to the rule of law, which will require a considerable number of resources.
Over the past decade, the number of internal conflicts has increased, and the nature of armed conflict has significantly changed.
It would be hoped that consultations should be held not only within the United Nations system, but also in relevant institutions and civil society.
In that paragraph, it was also deleted “in particular attention to emergencies involving those minorities”.
At its 6th meeting, on 13 June, the SBSTA adopted the following conclusions:
The Financial Intelligence Unit signed agreements and memorandums of understanding with the exchange of information on the investigation networks in Colombia, Spain and Panama.
• Note by the Italian company and the list of items;
Similarly, in December, the European Commission held preliminary discussions with UNMIK and the central and municipal leaders at the local level, beginning with the process of building consensus on decentralization strategies.
A disciplinary code has been implemented and a recruitment policy will soon be approved.
In its report on its forty-sixth session, the Commission endorsed the proposal of the Working Group to prepare a report to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session, namely, the review of progress made in the implementation of the recommendations of the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III), and endorsed the preparation of the national report of the Subcommittee at its next session.
This will enable Sweden to obtain full data from the Earth Observation Earth Observation System from the European region.
The Group of Latin America and the Caribbean will actively, effectively participate in efforts to ensure that the final outcome of the Conference can be accepted by States in the form, or in content.
During the meeting of the Standing Committee in February and May 2003, two expert seminars on mine clearance technical experts in Geneva (OCHA) were held in Geneva in February and May 2003, and the final report of the Standing Committee was prepared.
International testing and evaluation programme: this is a contribution to cooperation among participating countries to the international programme to avoid duplication of efforts, specialized to test and evaluate various humanitarian demining equipment, systems and tools.
(c) To provide all necessary assistance to enable his Special Envoy to implement the present resolution and to explore any possibility of fully and effectively fulfilling its mandate;
The participation of developing countries in regional trade arrangements and bilateral trade arrangements does not reduce the important role of the multilateral system in their presence; if it is truly open to a non-discriminatory system.
The search for solutions should take into account the actual trade economy of a given State and assess its identity.
International Telecommunication Union
General category
The Conference of the Parties,
Recalling decision 14/COP.4 of the Ad Hoc Working Group on a Early Warning System,
Requests the secretariat to cooperate with the Group of Experts of the Committee on Science and Technology to select three and four case studies submitted by Parties to the reports received from Parties;
The Committee of the other Main Committees of the General Assembly regularly uses this approach.
The Advisory Committee recalls that, in its resolution 56/29 of 27 June 2002, the General Assembly appropriated an amount of 389,939,800 gross ($382,000 net) for the maintenance of UNDOF for the period from 1 July 2002 to 30 June 2003.
In addition, taking into account the increase of local staff salaries from 1 July 2002, as well as the estimated payment of $35,000 to local staff in Damascus and Fouar camps.
Each federal budget of each year has a appropriation for the protection of chemical weapons and improved such security as an area of international cooperation.
At the same time, the Office of Equal Opportunities has adopted many procedures for the application of the advocacy officer.
(2) Provision of skills or specialized technologies for terrorist organizations, their instructions or their cooperation;
The Chairman said that the term “law law” might have the impression that the reference to other laws, while “law” was intended to refer to the law relating to the concession contract.
The ultimate impact of the conflict on civilians, resulting in socio-economic unrest and the deterioration of the blockade.
The Security Council, in its resolution 1397 (2002) reflects the importance of the principle of mutual coexistence among the two countries in the security recognized borders.
The destructive policies and these regimes constitute a serious threat posed by Iran's illegal nuclear weapons programme, hostility and the terrible link between Iran's illegal nuclear weapons programmes, and their repressive regimes are not known to all representatives and throughout the world.
The overall situation in the Zugdidi zone was generally calm.
I would now like to address some of the work of the IAEA on the part of the international community.
I often hear donor countries that I do not know what the words of donors are counterproductive.
He spoke, open and frankly, on the fragmentation and transformation of commodity-dependent countries.
The above guidelines are aimed at providing normative, coherent risk evaluation framework to enable the Government to make changes in threats to ships and port facilities.
In addition to that end, intensive fisheries are becoming a source of pollution.
In that regard, the Code emphasizes that specific efforts should be made to protect human activities that are not undermined, degradation, pollution and threats to fisheries resources.
It is important to strengthen the control of flag States on their vessels.
See also comprehensive information material issued on 8 January 2003 by the European Commission Division for Energy and Transport.
He also suggested that the Special Rapporteur be authorized to assume the responsibility of the Special Rapporteur to clarify the issue in advance.
The Committee recommends that the ESCAP regional follow-up should include efforts to promote regional and subregional cooperation; help build exchange of information and policy and experience networks; mobilize resources; promote best practices.
The secretariat is to amend the country database, based on three criteria adopted by the revised system.
Strengthening the capacity of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to combat poverty and to integrate in the field of human rights to develop a national plan of action.
New York, 12-30 May 2003
Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the twenty-first session of the Council.
Recalling also General Assembly resolution 32/162 of 19 December 1977 entitled “International institutional arrangements for international cooperation in the field of human settlements”, in particular Part VIII: “Cooperation between the United Nations and the United Nations system”,
The Committee welcomes the inclusion of this part of the executive direction and management through objective, expected accomplishments and indicators of achievement.
The Committee also emphasizes that the three subprogrammes submitted should strengthen the coordination of constructive partnerships in a comprehensive and integrated socio-economic development initiative for Africa.
Concern was expressed about the establishment of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States that had led to the proposal to stop certain outputs.
It was noted that statistics were one of the areas where possible overlap.
The view was expressed that the Office of the High Commissioner should make every effort to promote cooperation and division of labour in other United Nations departments, agencies and specialized agencies and to ensure coherence in its policies.
Table 24.13
Replace the text of the paragraph: (c) with a view to strengthening the knowledge base of sustainable development; the transfer of technology to more effective use of national and regional reports and other information on progress in sustainable development; and use of contemporary data collection and dissemination methods, including through increased use of information technology, and support for the implementation of the outcomes of all areas of the thematic groups in the work of the Commission on Sustainable Development in the twenty-first century.
The view was expressed that recommendation 3 and 8 seemed to be high and should be carefully addressed.
In addition to the fact that States of the Americas (except Colombia), there are legal recognition of the Roma social discrimination in many parts of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, in addition to the law of the Americas.
With regard to the provision of adequate and effective remedies, it is proposed to establish an independent court or tribunal composed of members of minorities.
However, the development of two measures should be made appropriate in the context of ensuring that international standards imposed by some countries are difficult.
They also outlined the work of the Office of the High Commissioner, including the work of strengthening the regional network of national institutions.
The audit of the United Nations peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 2001 to 30 June 2002;
Group
Reiterates its approval of the report of the United Nations Mission of Tokelau in 2002; 2 of its report;
The General Assembly, in its resolution 56/29 of 21 December 2001, took note with appreciation of the strategy to outline the overall goal of mine action and recommended that the entire international community be given priority for the period 2001-2005.
This three judicial proceedings are excluded, but mutually reinforcing, can help Rwanda justice and reconciliation.
This record is equally important for the exercise of the obligations of the law and administration of justice.
According to existing legislation, representatives of the ICTY have the right to concern the proceedings and the prosecution of the Tribunal, while the evidence obtained by the ICTY could also be directly used for domestic trials.
However, the failure of the United Nations to take action on Iraq has not been able to stop the bloodshed, and the United Nations has not been able to resolve the worsening crisis in the Middle East.
The General Assembly, as the principal decisions and decision-making bodies, has to seriously consider the recommendations made in the debate.
It was asked that we could support preventive efforts as such as?
Open-ended Informal consultations
The ecosystem approach needs to be expanded in the management decision to consider such functions and processes.
Invites civil society, the private sector and the private sector to contribute further to the intergovernmental preparatory process established by the Preparatory Committee and to participate actively in the Summit;
The question of exhaustion of local remedies has been considered by the International Law Commission in the context of State responsibility, as a result of the lack of judicial decisions, State practice, treaty and judicial publications.
According to a right to remedy, the injured alien needs only to be exhausted from rights and may lead to the remedies that may be bound by a binding decision.
The topic is also contained in document C. F. Amas, the local remedies in international law, and the local remedies in the international law.
(a) The General Assembly decided that it would be currently available to the General Assembly for the participation of the least developed delegations in the sessions of the Economic and Social Council;
Mr. Edaria (Secretariat) said that, as noted in footnote, the alternative was intended to refer to the various ways that could be obtained through the study conducted by the concessionaire in many countries.
Prior to the submission of the twenty-fifth instalment claims, the secretariat of the Committee had conducted a preliminary assessment of those claims under the Rules.
While some claimants have received responses, no response was made to the above standards.
Contribution to development
Recalling also its decision 2001/32 of 24 October 2001, in which it decided to include in the regular sub-item entitled “Review and coordination of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010”,
The General Assembly authorized the review to focus on the methodology adopted by the Office of Internal Oversight Services on a number of administrative areas, which could improve the production of the Organization after streamlining.
Eastern European States reaffirmed their determination to sign, ratify and ratify the relevant United Nations conventions against terrorism.
The bill covers the following matters:
18 June 2004
In that resolution, the Council raised other tasks to the Group and referred to how the Group's work had helped to raise awareness of the illegal exploitation of natural and other forms of wealth in the Democratic Republic of the Congo under conflict situations, as well as the relationship between the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons.
outcomes of dialogue and cooperation with all parties
The fifth category of parties, despite the opportunity, did not respond to the report of the Group.
Unless a regional solution is found, the above recommendations do not have long been implemented.
Slovenia has been requested to provide responses to the form of supplementary reports by 7 July 2003.
Noting that the provisions of the United Nations Summit and the World Conference on Conferences and its follow-up process continue to provide policy guidance on how to strengthen policies and programmes as part of the centres,
The present report is prepared pursuant to paragraph 6 of resolution 1390 (2002).
Mr. Chowdhury (Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions), introducing the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions on reports of the Board of Auditors (A/57/439), said that the delay in the implementation of these reports and recommendations of the Board of Auditors remained extremely serious concern.
With regard to the question of advances made by the Central Emergency Revolving Fund, the European Union agreed to the Committee that the situation of advances paid to the Humanitarian Coordinating Bureau in 1998.
If such information is requested to be provided to the Committee as well as similar information on the listed entities.
If, it is requested to provide for reasons, removal or return.
Any type of financial activity is not authorized by our bank and the financial system, to any other legal entity or natural person (public witnesses, counsel or financial managers).
Expressing its appreciation to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for his important work on the first three years of mandate,
Second regular session 2003
It constitutes an integral part of the long-term policy of the occupying Power and its subsidiary organs, namely, denial of support for the re-establishment of Cyprus and the lack of criticism by the Turkish Cypriot people who have not been the European Union.
In different regions, the work of “biological trade” is also designed to integrate trade and the social and cultural aspects of biodiversity.
This means: (a) the integration of potential new knowledge areas related to development issues, as far as possible; (b) flexibility in design operations to adapt to new topics or new models.
Conclusion and recommendations
The mandate of the Doha Conference means the common commitment of the international community to adjust the WTO direction.
The General Assembly should actively participate in the decision-making process of sanctions against a Member State and follow up on its implementation.
These unilateral actions are contrary to international law and the Charter of the United Nations, which have created obstacles to trade and financial relations among States and hinder the pace of economic and social development of the injured State.
The Committee enquired about the lack of baseline data for measuring performance in three bienniums, as well as the lack of preparation of outputs.
Several factors have created such changes.
(t) “Public personnel” means any employees, organizations, enterprises or private legal persons who exercise their functions outside the unit of the service;
Article 21
(b) In accordance with the basic concept of national legal systems:
(c) In terms of subparagraph (b) above, the predicate offence shall be included within and outside the jurisdiction of the State party concerned.
Article 37
However, the requested State Party may provide assistance in the context of its decision, where appropriate, in accordance with its decision, regardless of whether the act constitutes a crime under the domestic law of the requested State.
(b) The question of the nature and nature of the investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings, as well as the names and functions of this investigation, prosecution or trial proceedings;
States Parties shall ensure that banks and financial institutions maintain their transaction records during the appropriate period.
During the second reading of the draft text for the third session of the Ad Hoc Committee, Pakistan proposed the following wording:
Those delegations expressed the view that ensuring that existing regional mechanisms and mechanisms designed to be taken into account in the Convention were also important to avoid unnecessary duplication.
The increase in emissions from all sectors during the period 2000-2010 (in accordance with the words “and measures”, except waste management.
Notes: Note by State codes, please refer to the annex.
These rates include the remuneration and office costs.
One of the final third of the total payment period is that if the time of the trial phase has occurred earlier, it could be used to pay an increase in the period.
I have the full text of the interviews for your understanding.
If an organization recognized as a whole, its assets were confiscated and transferred to the State.
To date, the Minister for Foreign Affairs of more than 50 countries expressed their support for the joint statement.
In accordance with article 23 of the Covenant, the spirit and/or adolescent disabilities have equal rights to the highest attainable standard of physical and mental health.
Agenda
Definition of forests
The process of the preparation of the report shows that, although cooperation among developing countries has been very widely implemented, most of the organizations engaged in cooperative practices have not been able to guide institutional policies.
Many Governments have abandoned the philosophy of the direction of the Buenos Aires period.
Both African least developed countries indicated that political conflicts and lack of financial resources were the main obstacle to expanding South-South cooperation.
The UNDP field staff network is expanding, with the main partners, to use these resources, to provide advisory services to member States of the Programme.
To deal with terrorism, work on the three main counter-terrorism activities: first, denying terrorists engaged in terrorist activities (e.g. preventing terrorist activities and providing arms to terrorists, and secondly, to ensure that terrorists do not provide weapons, such as arms control and/or extradition, and to ensure that terrorists do not provide arms control and/or extradite terrorists (e.g. accelerating their efforts to enhance the protection of terrorism)
Development must be an integral part of the international investment agreement to support national policies to attract more FDI and to increase their gains.
Non-governmental organizations have organized national maps to improve the image of women and eliminate stereotypes.
Ms. Pimentel, said that she wished to know the status of indigenous women in Ecuador.
In addition, the Committee also wished to know the situation of literacy training, as well as the reduction of teenage pregnancies, which will remain in schools.
The construction of the wall is a unilateral act that is incompatible with the road map, since it allows a viable and sustained Palestinian State.
Institutional capacity-building.
First and second session
The industry Development Bank, Amman, 1976 (with others) was co-operation.
The Permanent Mission of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations presents its compliments to the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General of the United Nations, in response to the note verbale dated 7 November 2002 from the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General, on 7 November and 14 February 2003, I have the honour to inform the Advisory Committee of the Legal Counsel of the United Nations and Legal Counsel of the United Kingdom of the United Nations that the United Nations that the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Nations, the United Kingdom of the United Kingdom, as the United Nations, in which Mr.
The resident partner, Malawi's Longglo International Accounting Corporation, B.B.
Convinced of the urgent need to strengthen international cooperation and technical assistance in the fight against organized crime and all forms of terrorism;
For example, the port lacks sufficient funding for three countries of the private sector ( Tanzania, Mozambique and Djibouti) and is implementing structural adjustment programmes.
Minister of Justice of Malaysia
The Chairman said that the draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.47 was submitted on the basis of informal consultations held by the Vice-Chairman of the Committee in Nablus (Sweden) on the basis of draft resolution A/C.2/58/L.21.

Portugal supports the statement made by the representative of the European Union and agreed to make the text of articles 1 and 3 now.
Financial contracts
Such termination and reduction should be permitted to determine the net exposure of risk, not to the end of these contracts before commencement of insolvency proceedings.
The Chief Prosecutor expressed its interest in a number of preliminary investigations reports made by OHCHR on behalf of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission, in particular maps and forensic reports, which agreed to facilitate the sharing of these documents between the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and the Special Court.
(a) Develop administrative policies, procedures and mechanisms to promote the efficient, efficient and effective functioning of the justice system, including through prompt action to deal with complaints of staff;
At its 2nd meeting, on 4 March 2003, the Committee considered agenda item 4 (b).
(Programme 24 of the medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005
This report is submitted by the request.
There are also two prominent human rights activists in custody, who are accused of charge against the State of origin.
Letter dated 24 October 2003 from the Chairman of the Committee established pursuant to resolution 1373 (2001) concerning counter-terrorism addressed to the President of the Security Council
Stresses the importance of the implementation of the Programme of Action on the follow-up to ensuring respect for human rights, and respect for human rights is an important factor in managing migration flows, consolidating democracy and achieving the rule of law and stability;
Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its sixtieth session on progress made in the implementation of the Programme of Action;
Invites ECOWAS to report to the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 17 above and all activities taken in the implementation of the present resolution, in particular those referred to in the preamble to the present resolution;
Joint meetings of UNDP/UNFPA, UNICEF and WFP
In some of the specific aspects of the debate, Benin participated in the simplification and harmonization debate, Malawi participated in the debate on HIV/AIDS, and the participation of Nepal in the Millennium Development Goals.
Question of violation of human rights in the occupied Arab territories, including Palestine
The Committee held a formal meeting (Adopted by a number of consultations and a number of meetings held during the course of 2003.
The Panel has not been able to establish any direct link with the current situation in Liberia.
Many witnesses reported that many individuals were able to violate the ban, because they had a residence permit for multinational nationality or other countries.
The evaluation found some of the weaknesses of project effectiveness.
In accordance with the global standards to promote and protect the rights of women and children of Nigeria.
3 p.m. 65th plenary meeting General Assembly Hall
Information was also provided on the situation of ethnic groups in the Niger.
Requests the Secretary-General to submit a latest report and to provide recommendations on how to address the outstanding contributions of Member States in peacekeeping missions that have been completed;
Noting with satisfaction that the Inter-Organization Programme for the Sound Management of Chemicals, the Sub-Commission on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, the International Labour Organization and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, on the basis of its input, a draft was consolidated and possible consensus on the draft,
cessation of nuclear arms and disarmament.
It is therefore essential that we fully support this endeavour.
More efforts must be made to identify what terrorist acts are unacceptable or committed, and what acts are caused by political or economic injustice.
The President (spoke in French): I now give the floor to His Excellency His Excellency Mr. Luis Ocampo, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Mexico.
China is also one of the victims of terrorism.
When the world faces a greater risk, this principle is more relevant.
How can we do this?
However, some issues could not be raised by an objective observation.
Another threat to international peace and security — you are equally able to correct our evaluation — is a vertical spread.
Group of 77 (at the ambassadorial level)
As noted by Mr. Mohamed, a few minutes ago, this arrangement guarantees the smooth engagement of the Chairman in order to ensure the effective functioning of the General Assembly.
These concerns are: implementation of the land law; forestry and agricultural concessions are not sufficient to secure the poor; some displaced persons should be compensated because of road building projects; and refugees living in the street.
This fact, combined with the need to address vulnerability and risk analysis, reflects the need to move from emergency relief to prevention.
A sentence between Turkmenistan and the Russian Federation on extradition was sentenced to imprisonment for a period of 18 May 1995.
The above acts have caused death or other significant consequences, and shall be sentenced to 10 to 25 years' imprisonment.
The above acts are:
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 7.
What is the Director-General of the Executive Chairman of the United Nations Monitoring, Verification and Inspection Commission (UNMOVIC) and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) informed us?
Only after the threat of use of force and the adoption of Security Council resolution 1402 (2002) — the last opportunity to the Government of Iraq to unconditionally, immediately and actively cooperate with the inspectors — will be able to achieve some progress in this cooperation, but still far from the level of unconditional, immediate and positive cooperation.
What is the meaning of the right to health?
The third type of disease - severely neglected diseases - having little research and development in rich countries, and there is essentially commercial research and development.
Global counter-terrorism standards.
The dissemination and promotion of the use of the counter-terrorism information and assistance resources prepared by the Counter-Terrorism Committee.
Main conclusions
A detailed study on adult sex workers was carried out by the Legal Aid Centre in 2002.
The view was expressed whether the use of the “proposed” bill of lading and the existing practice of certain types of transport documents such as the bill of lading.
The view was expressed that the terms of reference of the provisions of chapter 8 of the draft instrument had been repeatedly used in chapter 8 of the present draft instrument, which intended to emphasize the distinction between transport document and electronic records, rather than the intention of the Working Group to focus on the content of the document.
The view was expressed that the text of the draft article, which would require that the text of the draft article should indicate what liability under the contract of carriage under the contract of carriage.
It was further noted that, in accordance with the modalities set out in the Swedish proposal, the draft instrument should deal with other issues that might arise in conflict with other transport conventions, such as how to calculate the problems and damage (see paras. 258 and 267).
I have the honour to remind the Permanent Mission and observer delegations, for security considerations, which will be closed on Saturday, 21 September 2003, at 8 p.m. and to approve vehicles in Monday, 22 September 2003.
Uruguay
Ratification: Jamaica (23 September 2003)1
These activities reflect the growing importance of the procurement system for the national economy and also highlight the need to coordinate efforts by international agencies in the field of procurement.
In accordance with the conclusions of the SBSTA at its tenth session, the secretariat will use such information, in cooperation with civil aviation, to work with civil aviation organizations to improve the quality of the data and support for the review of the work of the experts of Annex I to the GHG inventories.
Action: Request the SBSTA to consider the information provided in the document and to provide guidance to Parties and the Secretariat.
In addition, the authorities also require all air transportation to be taken from the north.
FAO and non-governmental organizations support reporting on livestock systems and livestock immunization;
The Department of Public Information, entitled “Cooperation between the United Nations and decolonization” was prepared in 2001 by the Department's Decolonization Unit, which was a major focus on the role of individuals and organizations from Non-Self-Governing Territories, the work of the Special Committee in the Non-Self-Governing Territories, the implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, the future status of the Territory, the work of the Special Committee in 1996, the year 1996.
Mr. Revisijo (Cuba) noted with satisfaction the comprehensive coverage of the press issued by the Department of Public Information on the Caribbean Regional Seminar, which was broadcast by Parliament under the press.
In accordance with the provisions of the Swiss law, there is no justification for the freezing of assets associated with Osama bin Laden, Al-Qaida or the Taliban.
If changes are made in the annex to the Act, EVA system will be immediately amended.
The possibility of providing assistance to other countries is being studied to help them implement the measures set out in the relevant resolutions of the United Nations.
Potential implementation options
9.9 In accordance with General Assembly resolution 56/253 and 57/282 of the United Nations Office at Nairobi, the proposal to strengthen the regular budget segment of the Office will be set out in section 29 G of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
(iii) Exhibits, guided tours, presentations: exhibitions and maps, marking materials and services (1); guided tours and collective visits (1);
However, the success and success envisaged in Monterrey depends on the greater idea that there is a global partnership.
At present, we must strive to reflect our spirit of partnership between the poor and rich countries in Monterrey.
Review of human settlements policies.
Commercial fraud may undermine commercial credibility and undermine industrial, regional, international banking systems, financial instruments, international commercial ballot documents and stability to countries.
While cooperation with criminal law enforcement sector and regulatory sectors should be encouraged, business and business law should play an important role in preventing and combating commercial fraud.
The arbitral tribunal also increasingly uses similar powers conferred by the arbitral tribunal under the jurisdiction of the arbitral proceedings.
The Internet and computer technology has not only increased the implementation of traditional crimes (e.g. theft, theft of intellectual property, violation of intellectual property, intellectual property rights, copyright fraud and other crime), but also through attacks on key infrastructure (e.g. public utilities, energy, transport and communications).
• To ensure freedom of entry into outer space through the adoption of measures applicable to all parties, and to avoid the release of debris;
They have repeatedly stressed that economic insecurity, poverty and social injustice are the root causes of frustration and are one of the causes of new conflicts, and that democracy, stability and peace cannot be consolidated.
They reiterated their conviction that the members of the Non-Aligned Movement should endeavour to conclude a universal, unconditional and legally binding instrument on security assurances to non-nuclear-weapon States.
The Heads of State or Government are fully opposed to those conditions and excuse, which limit the market access of developing countries, or the provision of assistance and technology to developing countries.
Similar measures were also taken by the Financial Regulations of the Financial Market Board.
In accordance with the rules of procedure, we shall continue to hold a series of restrictive ballots.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as an official document of the fifty-ninth session of the Commission on Human Rights under agenda item 11 of the agenda.
To that end, an independent court or tribunals should be established and provide appropriate procedures for minority violations.
Considering that each State party to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights must ensure that all individuals recognized in the Covenant in its territory and under their jurisdiction are recognized in the Covenant,
Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/52/3/Rev.1), chap. IV, para.
Some $6.5 million will be provided for training of civilian staff, approximately 175 million for peacekeeping military training.
In fact, all commercial banks and financial institutions in Thailand have followed the guidelines contained in the notification to their actions.
Violence against women is an essential component of the HIV/AIDS strategy.
(b) The movement and the participation of the media and eminent persons, who serve as a good example of the roles of men, bringing men to greater participation in HIV/AIDS care and support activities;
Notes
Ibid.
UNFPA assists in the development of a national population policy and updating census information, which are essential to better understand the socio-economic and population issues for the preparation of the plan.
In the World Bank, the Advisory Group met with Mr. Calliso M.C., Director-General of the Regional Bureau of the African Economic and Social Council; Mr. M. M. M.C. M. Bart.
- Act No. 70-209 of 20 March 1970 on the regulation of financial regulations;
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a letter dated 15 January 2003 from the representative of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus addressed to you (see annex).
Subsequently, the Advisory Group has also expressed support for this and contributed to providing development assistance to Guinea-Bissau.
(a) Regional preparatory meetings for the first session of the CRIC
The first discussion of the implementation of the UNCCD was discussed between all affected European Parties.
At the first session of the CRIC, in Rome, Italy, in November 2002, a meeting was held in Rome in November 2002, with a view to introducing an analysis of the needs and proposals of each country.
In paragraph 2 of its resolution 1284 (1999), the Security Council adopted the proposal by Ambassador Alo on the treatment of armaments that had not yet been resolved within the framework of the strengthened monitoring and verification mechanism.
Some representatives commended the Executive Director for the comprehensive report of that report, indicating their support for the outline of the proposed programme of work.
The Committee of the Whole will consider the item referred to in paragraph 2 above to in paragraph 2 above and to review the draft resolution.
Ensuring security of information contained in the Information and telecommunications system is a major factor for ensuring the safety of information security, national sovereignty and stability.
Decides that the establishment of the United Nations Mission in Côte d'Ivoire (UNMIK), initially six months, with the task of facilitating the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement in Côte d'Ivoire and, in accordance with the options set out in the Secretary-General's report (b), to include a military component in cooperation with the operations of France and ECOWAS;
In accordance with resolution 1460 (2003) the request for the cessation of recruitment or use of children to all parties to the conflict in violation of their international obligations;
The Secretary-General of the Conference on Disarmament, Mr. Kofi Annan, read out in this meeting, on 21 January, made strong support for our initiative, as well as for the formal introduction of this proposal.
“In the reading of the report of the 2001 annual session, I am very contradictory.
Children remain the main victims of conflict.
In Sierra Leone, in 1999, my Special Representative had pledged to allow for access and release of children and child soldiers for humanitarian purposes, and the Civil Defence Forces had also made no commitment to recruit child soldiers and to disarm.
In its resolution 1460 (2003), the Council supported the call “to implement the era” and requested concrete proposals for monitoring and reporting.
The situation in Somalia
Since the outbreak of hostilities in the territory of Iraq has been difficult.
For Japan, my country will actively ensure that the United Nations will fulfil its primary responsibility to enable it to find ways to meet the challenges facing the international community.
It is not a matter of disarmament experts.
In paragraph 6 of its decision 9, the Board identified that the claimant had the responsibility of the Committee to take reasonable steps to mitigate the loss, “the total amount of compensation would be possible to avoid loss”.
From a broader level, significant progress has been made in strengthening the United Nations military, civilian police and civilian standby arrangements system and the procurement and management of strategic deployment stocks at the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi.
Education is another major consideration of the fact that the poor families are usually free of equal opportunities, or there is no opportunity in some cases.
If migrants did not meet the time required, it would require social welfare that may endanger the rights of migrants and their families to remain in the host country.
The interrelationship between urban migration and indigenous peoples over the years has been exacerbated by the interrelationship between the various generations of indigenous peoples.
In some countries in Latin America and the Caribbean, the elderly are considered particularly vulnerable to abandoned, and many of them live in the labour market soon after their departure.
Such a legal framework is often unable to protect the traditional knowledge and cultural heritage of indigenous peoples, since indigenous peoples emphasize common ownership of all resources.
The absence of consistency between development policies and international cooperation is alarming.
Recalling also its resolution 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the follow-up to and follow-up to the outcomes of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic and social fields,
Considering:
International Association for Education and Research
As explained in the present report, the Board will also consider the issue of the preparation of claims in subsequent consideration.
23 In a claim, the claim was made to cover the arrears of the goods transferred to Iraq pursuant to the sale of the contract established by an agent in a third State.
/ E2(3) report, paragraph 82 of the report (hereinafter referred to E2(2) report, paras.
Upon instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a document of the International Court of Justice on the question of Honduras- El Salvador, transmitting a document of 30 April 2003, entitled “Organization of the Organization of American States for technical experts to assist in the demarcation of the border of El Salvador- Honduras”.
UNHCR assists refugees, especially women and female heads of household in obtaining adequate housing, which constitute a major vulnerable group.
See http://www.unff.org/programme/ws/wwwhm.htm.
UNCTAD could play an important role in promoting a consensus on the multilateral trading system, identifying trade and development solutions to the North-South interests, developing countries to prepare and develop national trade policies for multilateral trade negotiations.
In each specific case, it would be possible to see the complexity and details of the request in each specific case if it could not meet the established time limit.
The largest trade partner of American Samoa is the United States, followed by New Zealand, Australia and Fiji.
Afghanistan, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mauritania, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates and Palestine: amendments to draft resolution A/C.4/55/L.9/Rev.1.
The security wall poses serious human rights issues.
Nevertheless, the Special Rapporteur has repeatedly found that new settlements continue to be constructed, while existing settlements continue to grow.
The Government of the Republic of Moldova shall submit a second supplementary report to the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC) to the Counter-Terrorism Committee by the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee (CTC) on 11 July 2003.
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Mr. Buffi (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): My delegation would like to point out that, in order to join the consensus on draft resolution A/58/L.39 on strengthening the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance, that it does not mean that the wording of the draft resolution, as reflected in paragraph 12 of the Charter of the United Nations, does not imply that the concept of “Protection of culture” and that we do not appear to be considered by the General Assembly in accordance with the fundamental principles of the present resolution 469 of the present resolution A/58 of the present resolution A/58/L.39
The Assembly has thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 40 (b).
Paragraph 3 to 8 contains the comments made by the Tribunal on the completion strategy established by the Tribunal.
Table 6.4 of the report provides an increase in the classification of $1,3.2 million.
However, the main purpose of verification should not be forgotten because of economic constraints.
The President: 15 votes in favour.
We know that, as the cornerstone of international security, the Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty is carried out.
With regard to terrorist acts committed by extreme groups or individuals, regardless of the serious nature of these acts, strong States should not exercise the legitimate right to self-defence, and unilateral acts may have a global threat to war.
The most important issue of defining this law would only be counterproductive.
In recent national elections, the Government has funded a campaign campaign to encourage voters to vote.
In Ghana, the close relationship between the Millennium Development Goals and the National Poverty Reduction Strategy Paper was a major feature of the first MDG report.
As a result of the participation of the Chemical Review Committee of the Americas and the facilitation of the new draft legislation in the formulation of a new draft legislation ( UNDCP).
In this framework, the Executive Board also requested the Executive Board to approve the establishment of a fund-raising reserve for after-service health insurance.
The Meeting heard a comprehensive presentation of the reports of the countries completed and a summary of the reports that had not been completed, aware of the achievements of the Caribbean region in achieving sustainable development and emerging problems.
The Meeting was informed that a number of research projects were being carried out in the area of biological, biological and medicine.
Article 129
The region has already dealt with the measures of law enforcement at the South Pacific Forum level.
The objective should be to gradually build the management mechanism with better awareness of the resources and their environment.
Item 42 of the provisional agenda*
The progress made in the follow-up to the special session on the special session on children since May 2002, with a general situation and regional situation, highlighting the actions already taken in the four main areas; and calls for further efforts to achieve “A world fit for children”.
They also prepared a statement to civil society organizations to the Government, non-governmental organizations and the region, urging them to support children and young people.
Noting the growing awareness of the international community in all its forms and manifestations of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations and the provisions of the International Covenants on Human Rights, the full enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms,
Executive Board
Stressing the provisional nature of UNIFIL,
In favour:
Fifth Committee
(continued)
Recalling also General Assembly resolution 56/1 of 12 September 2001 and its resolution 57/287 of 19 November 2002, in which the General Assembly strongly condemned the terrible terrorist acts that took place on 11 September 2001 and condemned, in a subsequent resolution, an urgent appeal for international cooperation in the eradication of terrorist acts in Beit Hanoun and Moscow, as well as the adoption of a resolution, in which the Security Council condemned the brutal act of terrorism,
New York, 9-30 June 2003
Post-conflict work has become a key element of the global activities of UNDP and the United Nations Children (UNICEF).
The decision was made to allocate the Fifth Committee to the Fifth Committee in the proposed memorandum by the Secretary-General.
Fifty-fifth session
The United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity relates to the sustainable capacity of biological technology.
The new biotechnology could be complemented by the increased effectiveness of these stereotypes.
The issue of the financial sovereignty of the Cayman Islands will be resolved without doubt during the two visits.
The participation of all nuclear-weapon States as soon as possible has led to the eventual elimination of their nuclear weapons.
The social dimension of the protection of all refugees, groups and communities themselves have become targeted persons, participating in planning and decision-making at all stages.
It will review a more strategic use of resettlement and resettlement within the framework of the Convention, as well as the programme of work for the voluntary “special agreement”.
However, this does not apply to a reasonable reason for the conviction that refugees who pose a threat to security or who are convicted of serious crimes.
Encourages parents and legal guardians to make every effort to ensure their children's education to:
In many parts of the world, the former Union of Soviet Union, in the territory of the former Yugoslavia and in Asia, Africa and South America, killed numerous ethnic and religious violence.
S-19/2, further implementation of Agenda 21 Programme
Nepal's health services are based on integrated primary health care and transfer treatment systems.
Furthermore, the area of health is also taking new actions.
For example, at the policy level, the senior female administrative staff represented only 4.4.2 per cent ( table 1).
The number of schools and students at all levels is steadily increasing (table 5).
The net enrolment rate of female students decreased from 26.2 per cent to 26.2 per cent in the secondary age group, and the number of boys to 36.5 per cent in the age group shows that more than two thirds of the children were denied access to education.
Against: Gender Equality, Children and Social Care, Children and Social Care: Gender Equality of the Civil Service in the Ministry of Justice and Development, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Justice, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Justice, Ministry of Justice, Ministry of Justice, Ministry of Justice and Development, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Justice, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Finance and Development, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Justice, Social Affairs, Ministry of Social Affairs of Social Affairs, Ministry of Justice, Ministry of Internal Affairs, Ministry of Justice, Ministry of Justice, Ministry of Justice, Social Affairs, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Finance in Central Africa, Ministry of Social Affairs, Social Affairs, Ministry of Internal Affairs, Ministry of Justice, Social Affairs, Social Affairs of Social Affairs of Social Affairs of Internal Affairs of Internal Affairs, Social Affairs, Social Affairs, Social Affairs of Finance, Ministry of Internal Affairs, Social Affairs, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Finance, Social Affairs, Ministry of Finance, Social Affairs, Social Affairs of Internal Affairs, Ministry of Internal Affairs, Ministry of Internal Oversight Services, Ministry
Unfortunately, after the occupation, bloodshed and the contempt of international legitimacy, the Israeli representative has not been aware that the path of peace depends on the implementation of 37 Security Council resolutions on the Arab conflict and almost 600 on the same matter.
We will also not re-examine our policies because of threats.
The efforts of the United Nations to stabilize, democracy and reconstruction are fully supported by our country, and I also commend the tireless and private work of the United Nations.
The United Nations should seize this opportunity, rather than through a large number of rounds of artillery or crops, rather than through a large number of military forces.
Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters
The Board calls upon all Member States of the Authority and other aspects of the voluntary contributions to the Trust Fund that can do so.
In that regard, my delegation wishes to emphasize the importance of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/184) that we have clearly warned us that, despite all measures taken so far, these measures are still not sufficient to prevent the negative effects of the epidemic.
The progress report of the Commission on Services Statistics (E/CN.3/2004/11).
In accordance with rule 9 of the rules of procedure, the Committee will receive the draft provisional agenda for its forty-third session and the list of documents to be submitted for consideration.
This initiative has set a model for the rest of the world and should be supported by the new Government.
(o) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur on the right to food (A/58/30)
The representative of Burundi, in writing and oral notes, referred to the fact that there had been a terrible social and economic situation in the country since 1993.
In writing and orally notes, the Central African Republic noted its serious economic and social problems, partly due to earlier internal conflicts and security problems.
The meeting was called to order at 3.10 p.m.
The United States intends to work actively in the Fifth Committee to ensure that this draft resolution will not be additional budget.
4.3 The innovative approach to TCDC and OECD mobilization (including the resources of donors and other sources under the Government of developing countries, triangular arrangements).
Fifty-eighth session
Paragraph 4
(o) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas;
(s) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Human rights questions [P.119]:
(a) To develop effective national legislation, policies and action plans and to strengthen governmental institutions relevant to children, as appropriate, to appoint ministers and responsible for the promotion of the rights of children;
A/58/282.
It was alleged that helping to avoid a more visible problem of electronic commerce and not to be an important objective of the draft article.
The Working Group noted that this proposal on the wording of the draft, and agreed that it could be considered at the later stage.
As today, the private sector and the private sector fully supports the New Partnership for Africa's Development, which has made additional benefits to many countries, which are continuing to deepen their commitment to the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
Angola is ready to continue to participate in regional and subregional programmes, such as networking projects, to enhance the capacity of African countries to respond to the challenges facing NEPAD.
As part of the better management and strengthening of the monitoring and evaluation system, CPC has increased its assessment of programme performance and will ensure that the Organization's monitoring role in the right direction and strengthening its oversight role.
We do not see progress, which is a withdrawal from a peaceful settlement and from negotiations.
Strengthening the capacity of Sierra Leone police
Each of the plan has been determined by many times, carefully and comprehensive balance.
This will allow the re-establishment of a predictable and limited commercial environment, which have a serious negative impact on investors' confidence.
33 Turks and Caicos Islands publication, 13-30 January 2001.
Support was expressed for the proposal under this section.
I would like to take this opportunity to reaffirm the tireless work of the people of Côte d'Ivoire and the Government of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, and to thank the Secretary-General Kofi Annan, for his tireless efforts to restore peace in Côte d'Ivoire and to support the Organization.
We join the work of the United Nations 12 conventions and protocols to terrorism in the final stage.
The Kosovo Parliament adopted the insolvency law on 13 March.
(g) Observer status for conscientious objection, as follows:
Noting that, despite the progress made, the implementation of the settlement plan remains difficult,
Welcoming General Assembly resolution 56/6 of the Global Agenda for Dialogue among Civilizations, and invites States, organizations and agencies of the United Nations system and other international and regional organizations to contribute to the implementation of the Programme of Action contained in the resolution,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session, at its fifty-eighth session, an interim report to the Commission at its sixtieth session and to include all replies received from Governments in any official languages of the United Nations;
Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, within existing resources and in cooperation with the Governments concerned, to hold a consultative meeting with all relevant Member States, intergovernmental organizations and non-governmental organizations in consultative status with the Economic and Social Council to finalize the basic principles and principles of reparation for victims of serious human rights and international humanitarian law, and to consider, where appropriate, the work of the second consultative meeting on the basis of these principles and guidelines and guidelines, to be submitted by the second consultation with Mr.
Takes note with satisfaction of the progress made by many countries of the world in building a democratic society to enable them to better achieve their civil, political, economic, social and cultural rights;
Notes with interest the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on human rights and mass exoduses (E/CN.4/2003/84);
Welcomes the commitment of the High Commissioner to use, prior to the sixty-first session of the Commission, a seminar on extrabudgetary resources from the United Nations Development Programme and the United Nations Development Programme, to explore practical approaches and activities to enhance human rights management practices at the national level, to review and enrich information and experience gained at the national level in accordance with paragraph 3 of General Assembly resolution 2001/72 and paragraph 4 of resolution 2002/7 of the Commission;
Reaffirms that peace, security, stability and respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, as expressed in the Plan of Implementation of the World Summit on Sustainable Development, including the right to development and respect for cultural diversity, is essential for achieving sustainable development and ensuring the benefit of all;
Decides to continue consideration of this question at its sixtieth session under the same agenda item.
The people of the northern region, although difficulties faced, are still under relative peace and stability, expressed satisfaction with basic services,
Prevention of the circulation and abuse of small arms and light weapons
The legal basis: Commission resolutions 2002/288, 2002/30, 2003, 2003/191, 2003/223, 2003/236, 2003/231, 2003/232, 2003/242, 2003/244.
At its 63rd meeting, on 25 April 2003, the Committee considered the draft report of the fifty-ninth session.
Question of the death penalty (resolution 2003/61) 31
Human rights defenders (resolution 2003/646) 26
(decision 2003/101)
We commit ourselves to efforts to minimize the current marginalization and the beneficial development of landlocked developing countries in the global economy.
The predeployment medical costs paid under the current methodology will be retained.
Bearing in mind also the Declaration adopted by the World Food Summit, held in Rome from 10 to 13 June 2002,
Accordingly, the Committee is expected to have substantial savings during this period.
Nevertheless, it remains a matter of great opportunity that the international community, at the Johannesburg World Summit, set up a comprehensive subject to sustainability; a new direction for financing and international cooperation for development in Mexico.
Invites donor countries, international financial institutions and the United Nations system, including the United Nations Environment Programme, to provide financial support and expertise for the implementation of regional seas programmes;
Recognizing also the need for greater transparency and predictability in the implementation of programmes at the regional and subregional levels,
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
Stressing that the World Conference on Human Rights agrees with the call of the international community to make every effort to alleviate the debt burden of developing countries so that the efforts of the Governments of those countries to achieve full realization of the economic, social and cultural rights of their peoples,
Recognizes also that the promotion and protection of the full enjoyment of cultural rights and the promotion of different cultural identity for all is a key element of the protection of cultural diversity in the globalization process;
Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit annual reports to the Committee annually to the Committee on its activities under its terms of reference and to submit a medium-term report to the General Assembly;
In explanation of the statement: the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat: Economic Commission for Africa; ECE: Economic Commission for Europe; Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; ECLAC: Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; ESCAP: Economic and Social Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean; ESCAP: United Nations Commission on Trade and Development: United Nations Environment Programme; UNEP: United Nations Environment Programme; UN-Habitat: United Nations Environment Programme; United Nations Development Programme; United Nations Development Programme; UNEP: United Nations Development Programme; UNEP: United Nations Development Programme of Human Settlements Programme of Great Britain and UN-Habitat: United Nations Environment Programme on Drugs and the United Nations Development Programme on Human Settlements: United Nations Development Programme of Great Britain and the United Nations Development Programme on Forests: United Nations Development Programme of Human Settlements Programme of Great Britain and United Nations Environment Programme on Drugs and the United Nations: United Nations Environment Programme on Human Settlements: United Nations: United Nations Environment Programme on Drugs and the United Nations: United Nations Environment Programme on Disarmament: United Nations: United Nations: United Nations: United Nations: United Nations: United Nations Environment Programme on Drugs and Economic and Development Programme on Drugs and the United Nations: United Nations
Bulgaria believes that the periodic report on the implementation of Article 6 of the Final Document of the 2000 Final Document is an important confidence-building measure to enhance transparency in the entire NPT regime.
On the question of Palestine, the entire international community is responsible, and Syria believes that UNRWA should continue to provide services until their status is resolved.
- Replace the words “5.5.6” with the words “5.5 per cent” with the words “5.5 per cent”.
The Supreme Court of War, held on 26 and 28 March 2003, declared six innocent persons, in addition to maintaining life imprisonment for one accused and six months of detention.
The provisions of the Labour legislation protect children are protected.
Requests the Secretary-General to designate the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime to serve as the secretariat of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention and to guide the COP;
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
Taking note of the draft articles adopted by the Ad Hoc Committee,
The Working Group continued to cooperate with the staff of the United Nations field operations and OHCHR field offices to use their unique status on the ground and to improve the flow of information related to the problem of disappearance.
During the reporting period, the secretariat of the Working Group was unable to respond to the letter dated 867 outstanding cases in accordance with its methods of work.
According to the allegations, the case of disappearance is related to the broad powers of the security forces under emergency legislation, in particular the Terrorism and the Law of the Public Security Act, which permits preventive detention and long-term detention and lack of other normal guarantees under the Penal Code.
The Bureau planned to discuss this matter in the near future in order to seek the best action programme to address you.
4.3 On the basis of the assumption that the subprogramme is expected to achieve its objectives and expected accomplishments: all members and associate members have the resources to implement the recommendations, focusing on the preparation of data to monitor the internationally agreed development goals, including those contained in the Millennium Declaration; and to provide adequate extrabudgetary resources to ESCAP to carry out their operational activities.
(vi) Review of the high-level intergovernmental meetings of the Beijing Platform for Action and its regional and global outcomes:
The law on succession, marriage and donor is also like.
Human rights
Reaffirming that all States have an obligation to promote and protect the human rights and fundamental freedoms enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, including the right to life, freedom and security, and reaffirms their obligations under all human rights instruments, in particular the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,2 and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women,
Reform framework
The Committee notes with appreciation that, in November 2000, the State party ratified the European Social Charter (Amendment) and the Additional Protocol to the Charter of the European Social Charter, and the ratification of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination in December 2000.
The Committee notes with concern that, as a result of structural changes in the field of agriculture, rural areas are particularly serious.
Unless respect for the rights of teachers contained in the International Labour Standards, it will be impossible to establish a genuine partnership with Governments to promote the realization of the educational objectives.
Any action taken within the jurisdiction of the State party shall not allow another State to lose its capacity to achieve water rights under its jurisdiction.
In accordance with that objective, the Committee adopted general comment No. 12 on the right to adequate food (currently attached to your letter), which should be circulated as a reference framework for the adoption of a plan of international code of conduct for adequate food.
Many of them have established human rights and development links, including those relating to education, food, housing, health, protection and broader issues, such as the right to development, human rights and extreme poverty.
In cooperation with the United Nations Programme on Ageing, the human rights campaign was completed to mark the 50th anniversary of the Human Rights Declaration.
(d) Symposium organized by the International Training Division in New York in New York.
Proposal by Colombia (A/AC.261/IPM/14).
Chile, at its third session (A/AC.261/L.117).
(d) To close impunity to ensure that human rights violations and serious violations of international humanitarian law are brought to justice;
Ms. Dairiam (Armenia) said that the problem of children was the core of the development goals presented in the Millennium Declaration.
Invites States, United Nations agencies, programmes and specialized agencies, non-governmental organizations and non-governmental organizations to assist developing countries, in particular the least developed countries and the African least developed countries, in their efforts to prevent the spread of the epidemic and to ensure that HIV/AIDS has a negative impact on HIV/AIDS;
(b) Strengthen cooperation with Member States and the United Nations programmes, funds and related agencies and relevant regional organizations and non-governmental organizations and non-governmental organizations, as well as requests to assist in the implementation of the twentieth special session;
Cuba has repeatedly expressed its dissatisfaction with the lack of progress in the implementation of this provision, and Cuba believes that the primary responsibility of the nuclear-weapon States to comply with the provisions of the Convention.
In the light of the fact that “Por African countries”, “The New Trade Plan, adopted by the World Trade Plan”, the West African, from 14 to 23 April 2003.
In favour:
As a partner of the European Union, the United Kingdom voted in favour of draft resolution A/58/Rev.1.
The Committee notes that, during the period from 29 March to 4 April 2004, the International Space and Society for Outer Space Affairs, held in Santiago, from 29 March to 4 April 2004, space and social seminars in Latin America.
The workshop discussed issues relating to national focal points and national coordination bodies, cross-border cooperation and information sharing, national laws and legislative and administrative procedures, export and import control regimes, and cooperation with civil society.
Article 299 of the Guatemala Criminal Code provides as follows:
A vote was taken by show of hands.
The information received indicates that there is no doubt that human rights violations, war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide have been widely endorsed.
In accordance with the definition, there were 435,000 persons under the employment of Spain in 2001, 68 per cent of them women, almost 32 per cent of men.
Source: BVA communiqué, July 2000.
This indicator takes into account the buyer's tax factor, and the percentage of the paid income required by the first year.
Further destruction of more than 236 hectares were destroyed.
The regional programmes and activities of women, including young and the empowerment of women, will focus on the establishment of networks, exchange of knowledge and composition within the context of the United Nations Declaration on a Culture of Peace and the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples.
As a result, they can also be limited to domestic law, with a view to continuing to pursue their interests or redress.
“It is fundamentally difficult to say that a State will have full freedom to take a decision on the question of the property of its territory.
See ibid., p. 458, paras. 81-33.
See also in Barcelona Traction (initial objection, I.C.J. Reports 1962, p. 59).
In accordance with the provisions of this article, the State party should endeavour to expedite extradition procedures and simplify the requirements of the relevant evidence.
Such agreements or arrangements should be fully followed by the principle of sovereign equality of States, and the implementation should be strictly respected.
Article 85
See the Anti-Corruption Initiative (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.98.III.
Most of the members of the informal working group established during the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee were of the view that there was no need to be incorporated into the definition of “international public organizations”, since this term was clearly explained in international law.
During the fifth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, some delegations expressed the view that it was preferable to use mandatory wording.
Discussions have also begun on the concept contained in the final language of this paragraph.
During the second reading of the draft text for the fourth session of the Ad Hoc Committee, no comments were made on this article.
At the same time, it is necessary to retain full national policy space to achieve development goals.
The Chairman of the Intergovernmental Expert Group on Accounting and Reporting had submitted the report of the Group at its nineteenth session.
“Report of the Division on Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development” (DITC/DEC/01)
Policy issues related to investment and development
The variance is due mainly to the reduction of official travel costs and the lack of training, since the staff of the Department are planning to reduce the number of technical meetings for the Mission in 2004/05.
Agenda item 28 and 40 (f)
The General Assembly,
Accordingly, according to that issue, the Committee has not been requested to decide whether Mr. A deportation to Sweden is contrary to its obligations under article 3 or any other provisions of the Covenant, even if he was requested to decide whether he had been tortured by the Egyptian authorities.
(b) The ceasefire agreement signed on 18 March 2003, by the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the Government of Uganda and the six armed groups, as well as the way for the establishment of the Interim Administration in Ituri from 4 to 14 April 2003;
(e) The knowledge management and human resource implications of new pricing procedures as appropriate.
Therefore, because of the harmful effects of illicit diamond trade in many countries that have recognized in many countries that have contributed to armed conflict and delay and impeding efforts directly affected countries to pursue peace and security.
The Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Legal Aid Office for the Legal Development Office, 1999-2001.
President of the National Civil Education and Electoral Monitoring Organization, 1994
• Law on abortion
One of the purpose of the Government is to maintain and develop land and water resources in the Territory, improve agricultural productivity.
In the second year, it was announced that one month was launched on counter-narcotics advocacy.
“In the 2004-2005 objectives: the use of the standby system to meet the percentage of the requirements of all personnel and the rapid deployment level or standby lists”
With regard to multilateral treaties, the European Treaty on Extradition (Law No. 1957) and the European Convention on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters (Law on Mutual Assistance in Criminal Matters), signed on 29 September 2000.
The means of sanctions can be described in a manner that is between language and war.
The exchange of views between Governments, the Secretariat of the United Nations, academia, non-governmental organizations and civil society representatives has enabled to conduct frank and intensive dialogue on progress, obstacles and challenges involved in the formulation and adoption of targeted sanctions, and to contribute to the Bonn process on financial sanctions and the Bonn- Berlin process on arms embargo and the contribution of the Bonn- Berlin process.
On the occasion of the tenth anniversary of the adoption of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, my delegation is pleased to note that the Programme of Action has made considerable progress in some respects.
Mr. Tarez (Cuba) (spoke in Spanish): Five years ago, five years ago, two thirds of humanity are still under colonialism, and the General Assembly adopted the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which was the basis for development and codification of human rights.
In the broader context, paragraphs 157 to 159 of the Durban Programme of Action referred not only to the experience of a number of individuals and victims of racism and their impact on their own development, but also to the development of communities, as a result of racism and racial-based violence, which has repeatedly been exacerbated by the fact that they can be able to explore some of the path to other communities.
(Signed) Nasser Al-Nasser
In 2003, the Working Group held 36th, thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth sessions.
On 23 October 2003, the Government of Iran informed that, on 4 September 2003, he had been released on 4 September 2003.
The Court of Human Rights was also established to prosecute cases of violations of human rights, genocide and crimes against humanity.
We also welcome the appointment by the African Union Commission of Tuvalu to the Special Envoy of the Great Lakes region.
Therefore, the international community has actively supported the preparatory process and the Conference itself.
The Security Council has recently reaffirmed the need to integrate women into all peace and development processes.
We wish to take many initiatives.
The Refugee Commissioner once again stressed the relationship between asylum-seekers and migration and reaffirmed that UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with international migration and briefly examine the causes of such complementarity, and that UNHCR should continue to strengthen its cooperation with non-governmental organizations.
In November 2001, Mr. McK wrote to Mr. Klein to Mr. Klein to propose direct meetings.
In addition, after the beginning of the presentation of Mr. Klein, it was possible to propose that the Treaty would not only be able to secure the Treaty but also to apply to the new pattern established by the Federal Republic of Cyprus and the Constitution, which would be applicable to the establishment of the Agreement and the Constitution established by the Federal Republic of Cyprus.
She expressed concern about the impact of globalization on women and hoped that the issue in Canada's development assistance would be considered and hoped that Canada would support research in that area.
Convention on draft Convention on Transnational Organized Crime
Framework Convention on Climate Change
(c) The closed space-based fire in the light of the closed space site described in section 3.5 of the manual;
The effective capacity-building mechanism is part of a flexible programming approach, which takes interrelated measures at all levels to achieve mutually reinforcing objectives under the overall objective.
The Government of Saudi Arabia condemns the serious escalation of Israel's actions, which may lead to the deterioration of the situation in the region and has a complete collapse of the peace process.
The Ambassador of Japan requested further clarification that I give the floor.
Following the debate in March and October 2002, the Parliament formally established the Republic of Georgia, as well as Abkhazia, which had been amended.
Resolution 2003/1 reaffirms the responsibility of the United Nations to the people of Western Sahara, and reiterates its support for efforts to conduct a referendum on self-determination in accordance with resolutions 6158 (1990).
The draft resolution was presented by the representative of Sri Lanka at its 12th meeting, on 21 October 2003.
Urges Governments to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur and to make a positive response to their request by the Special Rapporteur in order to enable him to carry out their duties more effectively, and in this regard welcomes the initiatives of Governments to cooperate with the Special Rapporteur;
To strengthen the resident coordinator system, the United Nations country team and other thematic groups have steadily moved towards the development of the programming cycle and streamlining and coordination processes, in many countries, the establishment of the United Nations House, and the establishment of a United Nations Development Group (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDG) and the United Nations Development Assistance Frameworks, such as the common country assessment and the relationship with poverty reduction strategy papers, as well as their efforts to achieve the achievement of a growing number of developing countries with the achievement of poverty reduction strategy papers.
In accordance with the actual operational, mandate and scope of all organizations, voluntary contributions are provided to them separately.
• The percentage of all expenditures of the central government
In addition, a communication to the broader population is being carried out, such as the text of the Principles, which, under the auspices of the international agencies and non-governmental organizations working in Indonesia, have prepared the text of the Principles.
12 noon
They indicate that actions taken at the national and international levels to prevent natural disasters are indeed conducive to mitigating the adverse effects of such disasters.
Japan expects the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and other agencies to further improve the methodology, such as the consolidated appeals process more effectively to address the crisis.
With regard to measures taken to protect the health and health of people living in contaminated areas, there is no degree of uncertainty.
(c) The Economic and Social Council has submitted such requirements.
However, as a result of intense controversy within the society in Burundi, there was no longer been lifted after five days.
They are victims of a large number of violent incidents committed by formal security forces and armed rebel groups.
This is a new phenomenon that has been marked by the hope that the fight against the fear of the military is brought to them by the help of the judicial system.
(a) Preparation of a list of natural and/or laboratory in which it is authorized to carry out a test analysis, toxicology, medicine and biology and may be consulted in its territory;
Welcomes the establishment of the Dag Hammarskjöld Prize for the United Nations to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, which sponsored journalists from developing countries to the United Nations Headquarters to report to the General Assembly, and urges donors to provide financial support to the Fund in order to increase the number of scholarships provided to such journalists;
In September 2003, UNFPA chaired a panel meeting of 30 youth advocates, bringing them together as youth partners, to identify and formally a global advocacy initiative — global youth partners to prevent HIV infection among young people.
With regard to the financial base of the Strategic Plan, she commended Denmark for its initiative leading to the preparation of a draft guidance note (see document UNEP/CHW/OEWG/2/INF/15).
At its 3rd plenary meeting, on Tuesday, 21 October, the Working Group discussed the item at its 3rd plenary meeting.
She reminded the Working Group that, as a technical matter of this item, the Working Group would need to consider at this session without a final decision.
At its 7th plenary meeting, the Executive Secretary announced that the text of the Protocol had been brought to the attention of the Secretariat to the English, French and Spanish text of decision 5/1 of the Parties to the relevant page.
For further information, please contact the following web site: p.m.@un.org (to take note of the following information).
In its consideration, the Committee agreed that the following criteria should be adopted for serious accountability and good management:
The representative of Madagascar also expressed its gratitude to organizations of the training course.
Adoption of the report of the Committee (item 1)
The sub-item 16 (c) does not provide any documentation under sub-item.
Adviser
Côte d'Ivoire
Yugoslavia
The rules of procedure may be amended by the decision of the Conference.
The experts briefed the Steering Committee on Protection and Human Rights on the situation.
This model confirms that the functions of the Department of other ministries, offices of the Secretariat and organizations of the United Nations system are responsible for the provision of content, and that the Department is working closely with the media, Member States and civil society partners.
Table 28.14 Resource requirements: United Nations Information Service
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
The workshop was held in Dakar from 7 to 8 February 2002 to discuss money-laundering in the context of money-laundering and financing for terrorism.
See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect.
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, containing the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and other resolutions and decisions relating to the dissemination of information on decolonization, in particular resolution 56/7 of 10 December 2001,
Considers it necessary to continue its efforts to ensure the widest possible dissemination of information on decolonization and to pay particular attention to options for self-determination for the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories;
Ms. E.E (Benin) said that the Special Rapporteur had made a response to the first set of questions raised by the members of the Commission that “two main gender” had been used, and she asked whether the third gender had been gender, or whether the Special Rapporteur merely refers to sexual orientation in individual human beings.
Therefore, if a member State raised the request for translation of those languages and other languages, the delegation concerned that the relevant costs would be required.
WFP provides for basic English-language knowledge necessary in various cases, while UNFPA provides that English is practical requirements for all professionals.
The Department's network of information centres and services throughout the world, as well as the field office information sector information sector information sector, has been prepared in various local languages.
Arabic: Chinese: English; Law: English; French; French; French; French; French; F; S.E; Panama; Russian: Portugal; Russian: Spanish: Russian: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish; Russian: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish; Russian: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Russian: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish; Russian; Spanish; Russian; Russian; Russian; Russian; Russian; Russian; Russian: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish; Russian: Spanish; Russian; Russian; Spanish; Spanish; Spanish; Spanish; Spanish; Russian; Russian: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish; Russian: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish; Russian: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Russian: Russian: Spanish: Russian: Russian: Spanish; Russian: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish: Spanish
The General Assembly,
c Includes salaries, travel and daily subsistence allowance for conference-servicing support personnel, and travel and telecommunications costs.
(b) Approves the medium-term plan as a result of the 2007 projected framework (see document E/ICEF/2003/A/L.74), including the preparation of regular resources programme expenditures for the 2004 session of the Executive Board.
10.10 Adoption of the financing of extrabudgetary resources for the establishment of a network of field offices responsible for promoting technical cooperation, leading to intergovernmental dialogue with States to promote their normative responsibilities.
The Committee further recommends that effective measures be strengthened to coordinate family and professional responsibilities and to promote shared family responsibilities.
The Committee is concerned that unequal access to the labour market is generally limited to the work of the agricultural sector and the informal sector and that they are low.
She indicated that significant actions had been taken to combat the proliferation of the pandemic, including the publication and enactment of HIV and AIDS Prevention Act 2002 and the cooperation of stakeholders to develop HIV/AIDS comprehensive research and control programmes.
Principal areas of concern and recommendations
The Committee expresses its appreciation to the Federal Government for its efforts to eliminate discrimination against indigenous women, including the forthcoming revision of the Canadian Human Rights Act, but also its grave concern that indigenous women continue to face systematic discrimination in all aspects of life.
However, it is difficult to identify progress made in preventing abuse and violence against women.
The Committee requests the State party to ensure the full dissemination and training of law enforcement officials, justice and the public on various forms of violence against women and girls.
The Committee is concerned about the incidence of violence against women, including domestic violence.
The Committee also urges the State party to include, in its next report, a comprehensive data collection and analysis, and to include such data.
Family responsibility has been recognized as an integral part of the more comprehensive approach to social development.
Slovakia's legislation on arms and military goods exports is set forth in Act No. 17/99 of military material.
These general recommendations are contained in annex I, entitled “The general recognition” ( overview of the report, which is part of the present report and shall be read together with the present report.
With regard to invoices Nos. 27-427 and 2823, Mebina provided copies of invoices and the purchase certificates, it had not been provided to the certificate.
In the case of SACACE applied the depreciation rate of 28.5 per cent of the total value of the equipment and machine.
(b) SCOP.2 contracts for Northaday Project: retention payments (“No. 5”)
This claim refers to the charges incurred from Iraq's withdrawal from employees and their families, including travel and communications costs.
Accordingly, the Panel considered contract losses, indirect costs/ loss of loss of tangible property, loss of tangible property, other losses and interest.
If the claim does not provide such specific items or the claim notes, the claimant shall notify the claimant of such deficiencies and requests him to provide the necessary information under article 15 of the Rules (“article 15”).
It would be necessary to provide a security arrangement for the purposes of the preparation of the certificate, which would require the provision of security arrangements for the purpose of ensuring the subject of the deposit.
At the same time, Cambodia will make every effort to ensure that poverty alleviation remains the primary priority.
Mr. Patten ( Bhutan) said that his country had made progress in the implementation of the Brussels Programme of Action through seven commitments to effectively integrate national development strategies.
The high-level segment of the substantive session of the Council provided valuable guidance to many developing countries in promoting integrated approaches to rural development, while operational activities provide detailed discussions on ways to improve financing for development operations.
(See http://www.udel.edu.edu/cmp/index.htm.
Convinced that the use of mercenaries or activities involving mercenary activities, regardless of their way, of which they are in order to achieve certain legitimacy, they are a threat to peace, security and the self-determination of peoples, and constitute an obstacle to the enjoyment of their human rights,
The Chairman announced that Albania, Bulgaria, Ecuador, Honduras, Mauritius and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia had joined the sponsors.

Most of the orders are extended to 31 December 2005 and may be extended.
We will continue to work on the implementation of the recommendations made in the report of the Committee on Human Security.
Finally, the response to human rights violations and the response to those responsible is to enable them to participate in the work of the Committee and to place under its control.
We believe that the appointment of a Secretary-General's Special Representative in Iraq will help to do so.
Let us deal with specific issues raised in the sub-item.
Otherwise, the results of the elections are likely to be made only through the ballot box to bring the political figures available through force.
During the previous year, the strategic and business plan for 2000-2003, UNIFEM has increased its work in that area.
The strategic results framework set out below will provide guidance for UNIFEM programming options, partnerships, monitoring and reporting.
While the support of the United Kingdom and UNAMSIL has been focusing on strengthening the security capacity of the Government of Sierra Leone to prevent the RUF rebel movements, the concerns that the military of the Republic of Sierra Leone has been difficult to defend the territorial integrity.
The Panel recommends that the United Nations Mission in Liberia support the implementation of the ban on small arms trade in West Africa in Liberia.
He was granted temporary entry into Côte d'Ivoire for three days, provided that he would be located at the airport.
Member States, financial institutions and development agencies should support projects to implement United Nations standards and norms in crime prevention and criminal justice.
It is clear that the draft resolution could improve in that regard, but it indeed demanded that all terrorist acts be stopped in part.
Ms. Ivan (Morocco) said that, despite the recognition of the Constitution of Morocco, the right to work was difficult to implement the right to work in the absence of economic and social democracy.
At the end of the life period, the estimate of the low quality of PeCB is not accurate: a success rate from 90 per cent to 9 per cent implies that greater error is required.
All concerned parties must apply these measures.
The overall trend of the geostationary orbit market has also been taken into account, and the trend of satellite operators to move from the outer space region after the end of satellite effective life.
Introduction
In UNCTAD, cooperation between the divisions will be carried out in the context of UNCTAD's overall, multidisciplinary technical cooperation and capacity development.
The World Tourism Organization may establish any regional office or sub-items to cooperate closely with the United Nations regional offices or offices that may have been established or may be established.
In view of the above, general insurance for the biennium 2004-2005 is estimated at $75,577,000 for the United Nations property administered at Headquarters for the biennium 2000-2001.
Its results, the number of possible users of the official document systems will be increased.
All two sessions were held at the United Nations Office at Geneva.
With regard to that provision, article 44, paragraph 1, of the Covenant requires States parties to make progress on measures taken and the enjoyment of all rights and to submit reports on factors and difficulties that may affect the implementation of the Convention.
Unfortunately, since its inception, the delay has been very serious.
The national policy of this area should be clearly articulated in the direction of the regional military commanders, while allegations of excessive use of force should be investigated promptly by an independent body.
f The Committee considered the situation of civil and political rights in Suriname without a report and the presence of the delegation.
During the reporting period, the United Nations Disaster Response Assessment ( Disaster Response Coordination Coordination) system promoted coordination of humanitarian assistance in several areas.
See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/57/20), para.
The commitment of the least developed countries to adopt policies to create a development path for people-centred development aimed at ensuring the creation of the necessary environment in their countries.
Madagascar has established a network of food, construction materials, fruit and vegetables production enterprises.
Based on the issues mentioned in Agenda 21, such as access to safe water, appropriate environmental sanitation and clean energy services, important commitments have been made.
We encourage the two countries to complete their delimitation of their common border.
It was particularly concerned about the current conflict in Colombia that the conflict affected the people of African descent and indigenous communities; participants called for efforts to address the issue of international and national organizations.
In order to assist the Working Group in clarifying its policy options, an independent study was carried out and presented at the ninth session of the Working Group (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.5/2003/WP.1).
I would also like to express my delegation's appreciation to your predecessor, Ambassador Mambé, Uganda, for his excellent work during the presidency and for the excellent guidance given to our work.
An important element of the proposed reform is to reduce our statements and will be circulated in a longer version of the country statement.
Mr. Chowdhury (Mali) (spoke in French): Allow me, like previous representatives, to express my delegation's appreciation to you for your election as Chairman of the First Committee for Disarmament and International Security.
Stressing the provisional nature of UNIFIL,
Also requests the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to submit an analytical report to the next session of the Working Group of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action at its next session on the effective implementation of the Durban Declaration and Programme of Action to assess the existing regional and international standards and instruments to combat racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance and to identify areas that need to complement international standards in order to help the Working Group to complete its mandate of complementary international standards;
Each State Party shall consider establishing procedures based on the seriousness of its legal regime, in accordance with the basic principles of its domestic legal system, to eliminate the qualifications of persons convicted under this Convention within a specified period of time by court order or any other appropriate means:
If no such agreement or arrangements may be agreed on on a case basis, such joint investigations may be carried out.
The position of nuclear-weapon States has little change.
At its seventeenth session, the SBSTA requested the secretariat to conduct intersessional consultations on an adequate second report of the secretariat of the secretariat on the Global Climate Observing System at its tenth session.
Bearing in mind its relevant resolutions,
Bearing in mind also the relevant recommendations adopted by the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance in 2001,
Subsequently, Bangladesh, Haiti, Myanmar and the United States of America joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
At the same meeting, the representative of Benin made a statement (see A/C.3/58/SR.56).
On the contrary, the promotion and protection of fundamental rights and the liberation of peoples remains a fundamental responsibility.
It needs to be guided by all parties and the international community to help it grow.
First, although there has been a strong normative framework for mine issues, a solution to the instruments dealing with unexploded ordnance and explosive remnants of war will greatly promote post-conflict efforts.
Overall, military peacekeeping forces have not implemented massive surveys, marking or mine action.
My country will continue to support the binding international instruments to be adopted on the basis of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects.
The unexploded ordnance remains a serious humanitarian threat.
Mr. Sattar (Secretary of the Committee): The Committee will now take a decision on draft resolution A/C/58/5 entitled “Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Illicit Trade in Small Arms and Light Weapons in All Its Aspects”, which was introduced by the representative of France at its 13th meeting, on 22 October 2003.
South Africa's policy on small arms is based on regional concerns and the decision of the level to establish regional approaches to addressing the proliferation of small arms and light weapons.
In operative paragraph 4, we have also done a major change.
“9. Calls upon the United Nations system to further coordinate its collective efforts in human resources development;
The Agreement has been signed with major national campaigns campaigns on urban poor partners to support the establishment of such agreements among non-governmental organizations, all levels of government and sub-regional organizations, such as national professional associations, non-governmental organizations, local governments, and the establishment of the National Commission for Public Information Campaign in Burkina Faso, Jamaica, the Philippines and Senegal.
Subsequently, the Bureau of the Council, at its 7th meeting, on 31 October 2001, established a Committee of Permanent Representatives of the subsidiary bodies of the Council to enter into force immediately.
We will turn to our countries, our peoples and future generations.
The plan was approved by the National Economic Summit and Social Council.
Africa is awaiting multi-year reflection.
States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights (No. 148)
The negative security assurances is that the nuclear-weapon States ensure that the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons are not used.
Most of the courts are unable to operate, most of the basic facilities are damaged or looting.
There will also be training in the provision of integrated logistics concepts.
I would like to commend all of these leaders for their valuable contributions to the cause of peace and security in Liberia.
There is no permanent voter registration certificate on the date of the election, which has the right to vote in the local government administration in the place of the final registration.
Similarly, women can study special educational courses and are not subject to gender restrictions, which provide education for the physical and mental development and special needs students, as well as for the development of common labour skills and education in their professional nature.
The current social security model is based on the fact that social tax is a prerequisite for obtaining most social security.
In accordance with the Law on Social Security, any person who had lived in the Republic of Latvia over the last 12 months (with no less than 60 months of the total number of persons belonging to Latvia, foreigners and stateless persons) who have the right to receive temporary residence permits, except those who have the right to receive temporary residence permits.
At present, Latvia's national allowance provided by 1 January 1999 for children born out of 1 January 1999 is the amount of the national allowance provided by the State allowance of the family of the child of the child of the first born in Latvia, the second born in Latvia, or an increase of 1.2 per cent in the second birth or at the end of the death penalty.
Disarmament continues to be key to the progress made in the peace process, based on the Bougainville Peace Agreement.
Japan also supports the fact-finding mission of the United Nations related to this item last year.
The applicable conditions of general legal acts, which relate to the legitimate nature of the suspects in the treaty law, are fully applicable to the general recognition, in particular the recognition of the State.
Specifically, the question is whether the act of the State may unilaterally modify, suspend or withdraw the act.
Parties referred to various gaps and difficulties related to the assessment or possible implementation of GHG mitigation approaches.
Requests the Secretary-General to encourage the organizations of the United Nations system to improve its procurement measures, in particular to streamline the registration procedures that have registered suppliers in another United Nations system, in accordance with their respective mandates, and to disseminate, inter alia, the use of the Internet and its procurement information on their website;
I will later address this issue later.
Therefore, my delegation wishes to reiterate once again its urgent appeal to them to make their best use and to promote that goal.
The peace process in the Democratic Republic of the Congo can be completed only if the other countries of the Great Lakes region are doing so.
However, any situation would be prevented from extending this new Great Lakes Economic Community to other countries such as Uganda and Tanzania, and their interests are closely linked to the interests of the countries of the Great Lakes region.
We note the progress made in the negotiations on the draft resolution dealing with that concern.
In focusing on health and sustainable development, the Plan called for assisting developing countries to provide affordable energy to rural communities, in particular to reduce dependence on traditional fuel sources, because this practice affects women and children.
Governments and other stakeholders are invited to ensure that local and administrative reform processes enhance the rights of rural women in access to resources (especially land), heritage and financial services and benefits.
Several Member States have submitted additional information.
The ministerial declaration of the high-level segment of the Economic and Social Council addressed the important role of rural women in policy and decision-making levels.
Reaffirms that international cooperation and national action against terrorism should be carried out in accordance with the principles of the Charter, international law and relevant international conventions;
Under the chairmanship of Germany, this debate focused on the design and implementation of arms embargoes and related sanctions related to travel and aviation.
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
UNMIS expects that this visit will be an opportunity to fulfil its obligations not yet done so, so that the actions of self-government arrangements can be fully carefully implemented.
Mr. Zhang (Australia): Thank you, Mr. President, for convening this open meeting on the issue of one Australia, as well as my colleagues in Fiji.
We hope that the international community and the United Nations system will be ready to provide assistance to those efforts.
Over the years, Bougainville has been affected by the devastating consequences of the spread of small arms, which have caused social damage to the Solomon Islands.
New Zealand's support for the transition team is complementary to our continued commitment to providing other assistance to the Bougainville people; this assistance is provided through the New Zealand International Development Agency.
However, more efforts should be made.
“The person's person is!
The United Nations is playing a role in an international system composed of sovereign States.
At the same time, we have made an increase in informal, self-esteem and distance education programmes in the country.
Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People
Requests the Secretary-General to deal with the issue of the updating of the workload standards, namely, the number of translation documents, which should be determined to ensure the quality of translation of documents in all official languages;
He responded to a number of specific issues that were being addressed by the request and approval process of services negotiations.
Procedural, institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters
Israel has continued, in many cases, to ignore its call on the United Nations and the international community to stop violations and acts of aggression and to ignore the dangers and consequences of Lebanon's repeated warning of such actions, and in many cases, intimidation and damage to Lebanese civilians.
Palau
H.E. H.E. President of the General Assembly
In that regard, the rules of the international trading system should take into account their own negative impact on policies to address poverty and land degradation.
The Mission is working with the United Nations country team in cooperation with the new United Nations Development Assistance Framework and strengthened its monitoring and reporting capacity in the implementation of the socio-economic commitments contained in the Peace Agreement.
The terrorist group, in close collaboration with the transnational network, must redouble its efforts to implement strict controls on financial institutions to combat all types of fraud and criminal operations.
In accordance with the relevant provisions of Security Council resolutions 1267 (1999), 1333 (2000), 1373 (2001) and 1390 (2002), continuing its activities, as well as other groups associated with Al-Qaida in Algeria.
It is pleased that it has made some of its recommendations, in particular the proposals for the establishment of assistance funds and mechanisms, and has been adopted by other States.
Action on draft resolutions A/C.3/58/L.25 and A/C.2/58/L.67.
Annex to the letter dated 22 May 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Greece to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In March and April 2002, the Tourism Organization held a tenth subregional meeting, with exchange experiences, consideration issues, national, regional and international cooperation and identified future challenges.
Almost 1,000 people participated in the meeting's main objective of enabling various stakeholders in the area of ecological tourism — especially those that have not participated in the regional preparatory meetings.
Fifty-eighth session
Recommends that the Economic and Social Council adopt the following decision:
Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Statements under various sub-items may reflect the relevance and cross-cutting nature of various issues.
The UNICEF Office of the United Nations Mission in Somalia has made effective and strategic mobilization of the resources available throughout the country to provide the basis for further development under more stable conditions.
As a result of the establishment of a strategic resource reserve base for rapid equipment for the future, progress has been made in this area.
Also provides the following background information:
The general view was that the application of legal questions was crucial for insolvency proceedings and that the draft Guide should contain information on these issues to provide assistance and guidance to legislators and other users.
Withdrawal of candidates
However, his delegation was of the view that the decision to delete the attached footnote should be made in conjunction with chapter V.
The following is the elaboration of a strategic draft strategy for the implementation of the commitments made by the President of the Republic of Korea, for the benefit of delegations.
Member States should be encouraged to make contributions.
Yemen
Belize
The President of the ninth session expressed its appreciation to the Parties for his confidence and for his predecessor, Mr. R. R. and the Bureau for his efforts during his tenure.
The Conference of the Parties will now consider the performance of those Parties in limiting and reducing emissions.
(Agenda item 4)
Taking into account the political guidance provided by the Millennium Summit, the Monterrey Consensus and the World Summit on Sustainable Development, it has emphasized the crucial role of the Economic and Social Council in the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits.
These events are effectively identified by all of us to promote and ensure peace, security and justice.
“Reaffirming its resolution 57/7 of 30 September 2002 of the United Nations New Partnership for Africa's Development and General Assembly resolution 57/7 of 4 November 2002 on the final review and appraisal of the New Partnership for Africa's Development,
“10. Expresses its appreciation to the activities of the United Nations system at the regional level to be carried out at the regional level, in this regard, to strengthening the coordination response of the United Nations system to support partnerships;
If this amount, the exchange rate applied to the United States dollars indicated in this table is only for comparison, as indicated in United States dollars, as indicated in the present table, in United States dollars, the exchange rate of exchange rates for the period from 8 August 1990 to 4 April 1991.
Claim losses
In particular, its loss of profits at six contracts, $77,874, $77,804 dollars, USD 1,374, 498, and $12,124,44.
In addition, if the claim relates to the loss of tangible property, the Panel finds that the date for the selection of 2 August 1990 (the date of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait) is the loss date of loss of control over the assets.
In addition, it was requested to pay the costs paid by KNPC to BAB B to third parties prior to termination of the contract.
(6) In the context of the present draft article, paragraph 2 has been included in the provisions of the draft articles on responsibility of States for internationally wrongful acts.
(c) Special Rapporteur's concluding remarks
(c) To develop this model, taking into account the Committee's earlier work on the topic, the Special Rapporteur recommends that the Committee consider the following matters:
(12) The damage to the environment and the environment itself and the loss of profits and tourism (c) (para. 174) and (iii)
Accordingly, the report focuses on results or results, avoiding the emphasis on the negotiation process or the attitude taken by States in the process of negotiations.
It was noted that the recognition of the effectiveness would depend on specific types of recognition.
Working methods
The definition of objections should therefore reflect the real intentions of the objecting State, rather than the position that the effect of objections to reservations under the Vienna Convention.
Unless otherwise provided by the treaty, the withdrawal of a reservation shall only begin when a State Party or a contracting organization has received a notification.
In paragraph 505 of the report, the Study Group agreed that the Committee should not address the issue of the creation and interaction of international judicial institutions.
For the commentary to this draft guideline, see ibid., pp. 60-266.
For that reason, see P.H.I, Treaty Series, Treaty Series, vol. 1979, p.28.
The Committee considered its sixth report, at its 27707, 277, 277, 2773 and 2774th meetings, held from 7 to 11 July 2003.
In addition, the modification, suspension, elimination of unilateral acts, namely the possibility of States to amend, suspend or eliminate unilateral acts, as they make such acts.
Some of them have been detained for over 20 years and the most long-term prisoners of war in the world.
However, some relevant officials appear to be intended to restore these services and explore the possibility of restoring common services in recruitment and health care (para.
The United Nations has also extensive experience in the area of premises and facilities management and conference services, which can be used for common services in the Vienna International Centre.
On 7 December 1981, A/C.5/38/878.
However, the United Nations can, in collaboration with civil society organizations, become more creative, forward-looking and more systematic in conflict prevention and building sustainable peace.
Welcoming the fact that a representative of Pitcairn was represented at the Caribbean Regional Seminar, held in Anguilla from 20 to 22 May 2003, noting the concerns expressed in the case before the territorial courts,
To that end, under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations, action under Chapter VII of the Charter of the United Nations,
In such cases, the Chongyang Act is suitable for soil conditions that show that they benefit from the largest area.
Please provide a list of assets frozen under that resolution.
Since 1997, the SWPi Service has made it possible to measure in the global context of rich land and marine plants, thus carrying out a baseline measurement of the main parameters of the Earth's atmosphere in five years.
(e) The need to coordinate all space activities at the highest level of government at the highest level in order to provide scientists in many research and applications;
However, a growing number of people are increasingly trying to break the silence and more active action against the policies that hinder the normal relationship between families and Cuba.
An exception of common law legislation is being undertaken to establish a common common law law, which can be regarded as serious crimes within that framework.
Strengthening the capacity of developing partners to effectively combat terrorism is one of the priorities of the United States cooperation in recent years.
See paragraph 3 (a) and paragraph 2 (f) of paragraph 3 (f) of the report.
Of 19 financial assistants, eight deployed to four districts (one General Service, 1 UNV).
The redeployment of one Field Service and one United Nations Volunteers will be composed of one Field Service staff and one national staff.
Question of the scope of other items allocated to the Third Committee
Item 12 Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Documentation
Report of the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in Myanmar (A/C.3/58/L.68/Rev.1, para.
Report of the Committee on Human Rights (resolution 2200 A (XXI))
Young people are bound by a legally binding agreement: now half of the young child now is married.
Women are often reluctant to report rape, especially in cases where rape and victims are mutually aware.
Article 433 - 1,500
The cultural patterns and the social status of women have created this situation, but the selection of the low level of labour market demand has also caused this situation.
At the same time, the rural family registration expenditures are lower than income per cent, indicating that rural families may have a monthly savings of 800 per month.
The International Labour Organization, adopted the Convention on the Rights of the Workers' Representatives, shall, in the same manner, protect trade unions and representatives of workers, in the same manner, enjoy the benefits of the benefit of their employees and collective interests.
Data on infectious diseases (excluding HIV/AIDS)
The Disabled and its Environment, replace the Learning Centre and the International Association of Disability, Belgrade, 2001.
Also expresses concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
I invite him to take a seat at the Council table and to make his statement.
Other programmes require bilateral assistance.
Nevertheless, we have not lost hope for a just and comprehensive peace based on the changes in the situation and Israeli policies, as well as on the presence of Palestinian and Israel.
1.2 With regard to the enactment of a bill to punish financing or financing for terrorist acts; to adjust domestic legislation to comply with the progress report of the International Convention for the Suppression of the Financing of Terrorism.
Law enforcement and defence of specific institutions, namely the Government of Chile and the Armed Forces ( paramilitary police) are not subject to the general subjective ban referred to in article 2.
Mr. Zhang (United States of America): The United States would like to briefly explain its position.
The Third Committee adopted, without a vote, a draft resolution entitled “The trial of the Khmer Rouge”.
Japan will continue to cooperate with the Secretariat and the Government of Cambodia in order to establish an early establishment of special Chambers.
However, there is no reason why a State has been a difference between the responsibility of an international organization for wrongful acts.
Fifty-eighth session
Accordingly, the judges of El Salvador, regardless of the high level, have an independent hearing to their cases.
In March 2002, the Government of Gibraltar rejected subsequent arrangements between Spain and the United Kingdom and the United Kingdom, known as “the illegal, politically unacceptable”; in which air measures will be discussed by the two countries should not be applicable to the Territory.
C. Adoption of the agenda
The International Committee of the Red Cross continues to emphasize the costs of the illicit trade in small arms and light weapons and to promote existing international rules and responsibilities in weapons.
Fifth Committee
National reconciliation efforts also need to continue support, in particular support of the reintegration and resettlement of ex-combatants and the preparations for the elections.
In addition, human rights capacity-building needs sustained support, the development of improved child protection strategies.
These issues constitute a major challenge for young people to play an informal or formal role in forestry.
The regional economic and social committees of the United Nations are expected to redouble their efforts to promote youth interest in forests.
On behalf of the Council, I would like to welcome, Mr. Ttiff, and invite him to take him.
Report of the Programme Coordination Committee (A/58/16, chap. III, sect. B, Programme 8, chap. IV, sect.
I do not thank members for their cooperation and support in that regard.
The oceans have a great impact on small island developing States.
The fourth meeting of the United Nations Open-ended Informal Consultative Process on Oceans and the Law of the Sea in New York indicated that the forum was very useful and that the Assembly decided to take up three years.
While efforts have been made, the problems posed by pollution from the marine environment remain far from being resolved.
As indicated in the report, there are a number of specific issues in the area of maritime activity, the international community must take continued and synergy at the international, regional and national levels.
The meeting marked another milestone in the life of the Convention, which would be the tenth anniversary of the institution.
According to the Office of the Prosecutor, his National Human Rights and the International Humanitarian Unit did not investigate such crimes.
There are also plans to complete the work of several strengthening security security security guards for the premises (fillings, vehicle and television surveillance and public broadcasting systems).
Conclusion
Following the necessary preliminary consultations, the United Nations shall arrange to include in the agenda of the Economic and Social Council, or, where appropriate, the agenda of other United Nations organs or bodies.
The Dag Hammarskjöld Library has opened a dedicated page on the activities of the United Nations website on human rights, which is linked to related resources.
National human rights institutions play an important role in ensuring the implementation of the international human rights treaties at the national level and should therefore encourage those bodies to continue and to strengthen their collaboration with Governments and civil society organizations.
A person may be sentenced to imprisonment for a period of imprisonment for a period of one to one (1) to three years in order to be used or used for the purpose of illegal purposes.
Recalling that the results achieved in the past decade, all Member States have an opportunity to express their views on reform and to recommend their reform recommendations.
The veto is a flagrant violation of the principle of the principle of sovereign equality between States under the Charter, as well as the principle of impartiality and democracy.
However, since some of the positions of the permanent members of the Security Council have an impact on the Security Council, the Security Council did not take action against Israel.
Please describe the activities of Usama bin Laden, Al-Qaida, the Taliban and their associates in your country, as well as threats to your country and regions.
As indicated in the current report of the Board of Auditors (para. 66), the Department of Peacekeeping Operations continues to address this issue.
In view of the findings of the Board of Auditors, the Advisory Committee stresses the importance of further review of the importance of the Board of Auditors, such as the memorandum of understanding, predeployment inspections, verification reports and personnel resources.
“In order to improve the well-being of young people, their employment creation has a great potential, and action plans should take fully into account the impact of ICT on each priority factor.
The travaux préparatoires will indicate that paragraph 1 (d) is intended to emphasize that the State party's obligations under the various international instruments that have acceded to human rights.
Human rights defenders have committed protests or convictions in the implementation of laws, policies or practices against fundamental freedoms and human rights, and they themselves become the subject of security legislation in many countries.
In comparison with previous national communications, the Third Committee of the Parties regularly informed the reports of information and policy and measures.
They introduced steps to be taken to ratify the Protocol, including the necessary legislation.
Fifty-eighth session
The second session of the CRIC will be held from 1 to 2 September and will be held from 26 August to 29 August 2003.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as an official document of the Conference on Disarmament to all Member States of the Conference and non-member States participating in their work.
Expert Meeting on Measures to measure electronic commerce as a means of development figures
In response to requests made by the competent authorities, the UNCCD secretariat, where possible, contributed to the report of the Secretary-General on institutional procedures for land and agricultural issues in Agenda 21, 12 and 14 on the topic of Agenda 21 and the related report of the Secretary-General on the institutional procedures for the Secretary-General to the Summit and other relevant reports of the Preparatory Committee to the Summit.
(d) In addition to the cases appointed, the right to decide in the pre-trial in other cases.
It has prepared the draft rules of procedure, the terms of reference of the Panel and the special contract agreements for the servicing of the Council.
The Committee requests the Working Group to conduct substantive discussions on the issues raised by the Secretariat at its fortieth session in October 2002 (A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.94).
A developing country, even though more than 10 per cent of the transmission rate, has also been able to reverse the increase in transmission.
But this is not sufficient.
Item 3 (b) of the provisional agenda*
The expansion of the UNFPA donor base reflects the broad support provided by UNFPA in its support programme countries, as well as the common responsibility of mobilizing funds for UNFPA and its members.
The situation between Iraq and Kuwait (see S/211000/Add.3, 36-38, 37 and 50; S/2002/30/Add.3, 13, 24, 25, 32, 30, 37, 38, 37 and 40; S/2002/30/Add.3, 28 and 50; S/2002/30/Add.4, 2, 3, 42 and 50; S/2002/30/Add.1, S/2002/30/Add.3, 2, 3, 28 and 50; S/2002/30/Add.1, S/2002/30/Add.4, 2, 3, 28 and 50; S/2002/30/Add.1 and 50; S/2002/30/Add.1 and Add.1.
Fourthly, the military revolution has become increasingly complex, arms are increasingly complex, and the limits between conventional arms and weapons of mass destruction.
The Management Committee agreed on this timetable at the outset.
This time shows that the period of transfer of responsibility to the Iraqi people, but this should be carried out in close coordination with the political process of Iraq's sovereignty.
This may result in the fact that there is a need to be inconsistent and that there is other issues arising from the business that the enterprise is open to information on different purposes.
In this regard, the United Nations agencies, programmes and offices of the United Nations team of the United Nations have an important role to play in this regard.
The examination process should be standardized, with objectivity and transparency.
If such adjustments should be used, a reference guide should be made before the IPCC Guidelines.
This meeting is indeed an exceptional meeting.
We shall, and I hope that we can enter the next stage of the implementation of resolution 1244 (1999), in accordance with paragraph 11 (e), of the resolution, to determine the final status process of Kosovo.
Report of the Fifth Committee
At its 28th meeting, on 27 November, the Chairman of the Committee introduced a draft decision entitled “Organization security measures: accountability framework for the United Nations field security management system” (A/C.5/57/L.17).
In principle, the Secretary-General has approved the establishment of the United Nations Integrated Building in a manner adopted by the Secretary-General with the United Nations in a manner that has entered the first lease agreement with the United Nations; the construction and construction of land will be all the United Nations;
The environmental reports and social reports must be verified so that the report will be ensured.
Consultations with non-member States (IDB.27/200)
The acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, and the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey and the European Economic Area, align themselves with this statement.
Regional organizations and international organizations such as the Asian and Pacific Telecommunication Community, UNDP, ITU, the Asian Development Bank, UNU and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).
The objective of the interregional project is to strengthen competition and developing countries' negotiations on issues and best practices in the following areas: (i) trade facilitation and diversification; (ii) further participation in the global supply network; (iii) the development and implementation of trade facilitation policies at the national and regional levels; (iv) further use of knowledge management policies at the supply chain management; and (iv) further use of knowledge management policies at the national and regional levels.
UNDP has also improved cooperation with the regional commissions in some areas; however, the Executive Secretary agreed that UNDP should be more active in the work of the Executive Committee on Economic and Social Affairs and regional coordination meetings in order to ensure greater coordination in the implementation of regional programmes and programmes and activities.
The economic development of Asia has an impact on global commodity demand and supply.
Efforts were therefore made to ensure consistency between the Consultative Group, round tables and the development framework policy at the country level.
Thursday, 24 April 2003
(v) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction;
(d) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Africa;
Advancement of women [item 110].
(i) To assess the linkages between cultural and development and the eradication of poverty in the context of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The United Nations system has also developed various programmes of emergency humanitarian assistance in the aftermath of the drought and the coffee crisis in the North and the North Atlantic region.
Agenda item 91: Macroeconomic policy questions (continued)
Also reaffirms that the follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and the twenty-third special session will be carried out within the framework of integrated and coordinated follow-up to major international conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields;
The spouses must exceed 24 years.
Many of the major matters, such as the reform of the international financial markets and trade conditions, the risk of environmental pollution, global warming and epidemics, the risk of pollution, migration flows and refugees, the eradication of extreme poverty, access to health care, water and food, and the rapid urbanization of governance that require international cooperation.
Institutional environment
Report of the Second Committee (A/58/884/Add.2)
Report of the Fifth Committee (A/58/432/Add.1)
Draft decision I was adopted (decision 58/560).
The substance of this proposal was reaffirmed by Russia's readiness to send notice in advance of the upcoming spacecraft and its purpose.
4.5 Through the International Fund for Agricultural Development (NEPAD), the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB), and the Government of Guyana, the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) and the Government's joint investment, introduced poverty rural communities projects focusing on development initiatives in the rural areas of 2 and 3 districts.
However, only 7 per cent of the proportion of this percentage is provided with the help of doctors.
Also takes note of the production of the pilot plant, a more efficient and more advanced fuel.
United Nations regional commissions
However, the project has greatly expanded its scope, including demographic trends, international migration flows, smuggling and trafficking of migrants, international cooperation for the management of international asylum systems and their impact on the countries of origin.
An effective mechanism is also an effective mechanism in the course of training courses.
Indonesia has been victims of a number of terrorist attacks, including a terrorist attack in Bali on 12 October 2002, as well as a recent attack on the Mali Hotel in Jakarta on 5 August 2003.
In order to deal with the case, the Mission established the Counter-Terrorism Task Force.
All components of the broad alliance established in Monterrey are also part of the High-level Dialogue — national Governments, major stakeholders, civil society and business sectors.
Following a comprehensive review of the information provided by a number of Member States, a comprehensive review of the rates of exchange rates for the period 2001-2003, national gross gross national income in United States dollars appeared to be adjusted in the context of the scale of rates of exchange rates, and a revised methodology for the adjustment of national income in the country that the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Islamic Republic of Iran and Venezuela.
Once the Committee decides to calculate the data used for the scale of assessments for the period 2004-2006, the Committee will begin the specific methodology outlined in paragraph 1 of resolution 55/5 B.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the long-term financial obligations of the Secretary-General in the implementation of the judgement, however, that future budget requests for the implementation of the judgement will be considered on a case-by-case basis in support of the legal, administrative and financial reasons provided by each request;
The President also held several informal consultations.
Building confidence is a dynamic process.
In accordance with Decree No. 1313 issued by the Prime Minister on 5 May 2000, the responsibility of the States of the United Nations Convention on Human Rights was drawn to a cross-sectoral working group responsible for the coordination of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The General Assembly will provide more detailed reports, not only reflecting the conclusions of the meetings but also on the discussion.
In favour:
The infant mortality rate is 110 live births every 1,000 live births; life expectancy at birth is 43.3 years-2000; see the United Nations Development Programme, New York, 2000.
In 1991, the European Community, Japan and Canada, for common aspirations, promoted action to establish the United Nations Conventional Arms Register.
During the period from 1 June 2002 to 31 May 2003, the Dag Hammarskjöld Library held a total of 12 training courses for six training participants, including staff of the Secretariat, mission staff and government officials, interns, libraries of non-governmental organizations and visitors.
In such cases, the branch and subsidiary bodies shall notify the bank or financial institutions headquarters in order to enable the establishment of a computer system to properly follow the flow of currency.
Draft resolution on counter-terrorism
At the interregional level, emphasis will continue to be placed on strengthening the technical cooperation needs of the least developed countries within the framework of the Integrated Framework for Trade-Related Technical Assistance for Trade-Related Technical Assistance for Trade-Related Technical Assistance to the Least Developed Countries.
The budget for the biennium 2002-2003 and the proposed budget for the biennium 2004-2005 maintained resources for all languages at all levels, reflecting the importance of language capacity.
General comments
7.1 The Federal Administration appointed Law
It urges the Government to ensure that the higher and continuous education of lawyers and judges fully includes a deepening understanding of equality and non-discrimination and international norms and norms in that regard.
At present, a multi-sectoral working group, which was established in many of the federal states, because the fight against trafficking will be successful only in close cooperation with units.
(1) States Parties shall refrain from taking temporary measures to accelerate the achievement of de facto equality between men and women, and shall not be considered discrimination referred to in this Convention, and that such measures should be discontinued after the achievement of inequality or treatment.
In the category B, the proportion of women in the German staff was 53.9 per cent of women in the German staff, representing 52.9 per cent of women and 104 men, compared to the category of wage, and the proportion of women in C.
(a) To contribute to the entire society as a whole.
With regard to women's participation in cultural life, it can be complemented by the following elements:
States Parties shall take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women in all matters relating to marriage and family relations, and to ensure that women are based on equality between men and women.
The share of total income of the full-time employees
We are very concerned about the deteriorating situation in the Middle East.
I now give the floor to the Permanent Observer of the League of Arab States to the United Nations.
At the present time, Israel continues to increase tensions and thus attacks on the Syrian territory.
Agreement between the United Nations and the World Tourism Organization
Many speakers of the international conference on organized crime and international cooperation mechanisms, in particular:
1987-1982 Office of the Prosecutor of the Prosecutor of the Republic of Ukraine (1920 million).
• In accordance with article 5 of the Criminal Code, if it is impossible to carry out the perpetrators of such crimes, persons who are responsible for assisting and incite terrorist offences.
The Official Gazette No. 9 of 21 May 2002.
As for the preservation of the depositary should also be informed of the reasons for the submission of a reservation to other States Parties, a matter of outstanding issues.
It is not true that the depositary will be transformed into a supervisory body, which may lose the nature of the “Other level” nature of which it is wrong, under the existing law.
The Committee therefore urges the Committee to devote more attention to the question of liability for foreign ships and to more attention to the efforts of the flag State, registration States, where appropriate, to the corresponding preventive cooperation efforts in ports.
It was also suggested that the most recent trends in international law, such as the environmental and economic law, the legislation increasingly had the characteristics of the system, as a first step, could have a comprehensive investigation of the rules and mechanisms for dealing with possible conflicts in relevant international instruments, in particular the rule of law governing the norms and mechanisms that might be found in relevant international instruments.
Organizational matters.
In 2001, following the decision of the Commission to appoint an independent expert on extreme poverty, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights issued a statement on issues relating to poverty and human rights.
Participants concluded that more efforts must be made to enhance the dissemination of information on their mandates and activities.
The Uganda People's Defence Forces withdrew from the police headquarters in the town of Yambio and the town.
He expressed its understanding that all countries had been able to reach a compromise.
Germany recognizes that the threat posed by terrorism and excessive arms will threaten international peace and security.
In recent years, most of the efforts made to peace in the Middle East have occurred outside the Council.
In particular, decision makers would like to ensure that sufficient research personnel are provided with a view to meeting the increased scientific capacity and more needs posed by knowledge.
Article 1
Noting that most of the remaining Non-Self-Governing Territories are small island Territories,
Informal consultations on agenda item 52 (b) (Oceans and the law of the sea)
The two-year cycle will be determined by each policy meeting.
Policy documents of the Secretary-General
Recognizing also the important role played by new technologies in enhancing national production and competitiveness, and, inter alia, capacity-building and measures to promote transfer and diffusion of technologies to developing countries,
Parties and parties to the armed conflict shall take all feasible preventive measures within the region affected by explosive remnants of war, in accordance with their control, to enable civilian populations, individuals and civilian objects to the risk and impact of explosive remnants of war.
It should be carried out, as appropriate, on a regular basis, to ensure that ammunition can be expected.
Welcoming also the active review process for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, held in New York from 8 to 19 April 2002,
UNCTAD
While we are strongly committed to the fight against terrorism, it is also necessary to ensure that the dignity and fundamental freedoms of individuals and to ensure that democratic processes and due process are not violated.
Such reports will help the Committee to measure the extent of compliance with sanctions and identify technical assistance needed to improve the implementation of the country.
In 2002, the Office of the High Representative for the Least Developed Countries, Landlocked Developing Countries and Small Island Developing States continued its efforts to promote the mainstreaming of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the Decade 2001-2010 as a programme of work of United Nations agencies, funds and programmes.
Audit management
Draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.8 and A/C.3/58/L.4
The policy of the staff resource use, as implemented by UNHCR (see para. 19 above), includes the adoption of such policies between the Office of the United Nations Office for Human Resources Management and the United Nations Office for Human Resources Management, in order to meet the needs of the Office of the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs in large or complex emergencies, while drawing up by the United Nations Logistics Base staff in large-scale or complex emergencies.
This brings WHO full qualifications to benefit from the World Bank and to the relationship between the WHO and UNTAET from the WHO-funded expert from WHO to UNTAET (although only a small proportion of the overall activities of the WHO in East Timor).
For details, see report No. 1124 of 4 October 1999.
Sixth Committee
The Conference of the Parties,
The President of Zimbabwe, Mr. Robert Mugabe, was escorted into the General Assembly Hall.
Ms. Michael (Barbados): I have the honour to congratulate you, Sir, on your assumption of the presidency of the General Assembly at its fifty-eighth session.
The European Union has recently emphasized the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction in joint foreign and security policies, which demonstrates that we are very much willing to work together.
Non-personnel mines should not be incorporated into anti-personnel mines.
The report of UNCTAD is brief on the recognition of the impact of conflict on the development of LDCs.
The Group recommends that the ninth session be held in early March 2004.
The role of the regional commissions in providing important technical cooperation services to developing countries was also confirmed.
At the time of the impasse in the Conference on Disarmament, I would like to join members of the hope that the Disarmament Commission — will be able to discuss the only body that will consider and determine disarmament guiding principles — as soon as possible and results.
Since the date of nuclear weapons, humanity has been exploring ways of eliminating nuclear weapons.
We should be seen as an important step, which will seriously launch practical ways and means of nuclear disarmament.
The first speaker is the representative of Greece of the member States of the European Union.
Unlike the Ottawa Convention, it has not complete the total ban on mines, but its progressive way has received broad support for the major use and major production countries.
At the same time, my Government has sent a clear signal that it does not intend to sacrifice the future, which has been nominated by a diplomats who have been serving as important positions.
The Government of the Congo believes that the draft model legislative provisions of the UNCITRAL Model Law on Private Financing Infrastructure Projects would represent a genuine progress in the sense that it would enable States to coordinate their legislation in a truly sense and that the Government of the Congo would also be pleased to decide to consolidate the model provisions and the UNCITRAL Legislative Guide on Private Financing Infrastructure Infrastructure for Development.
Decision on the following meetings, including dates and venue,
Recalling also paragraph 102 of the Final Document of the Tenth Meeting of Heads of State or Government of Non-Aligned Countries, held in Kuala Lumpur from 20 to 25 February 2003, in which it noted, inter alia, that the Chairman of the Ad Hoc Committee of the Indian Ocean will continue to informal consultations on the future work of the Committee,
Table 11.5 Requirements by subprogramme (Thousands of United States dollars)
In addition to mine action is one of the priorities of Ukraine's peace and security policies.
We believe that, in many post-conflict situations, mine-related issues are a prerequisite for consolidating peace and reconstruction.
In Guatemala, a administrative coordination unit was established in 1997, responsible for the identification and destruction of unexploded ordnance.
In addition, the representative of Israel announced that he was ready to cooperate on mine issues.
Progress towards the implementation of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Initiative has been slow, complicated procedures, and even in countries that have reached the end of the end of the process, it is unlikely that their countries are at a sustainable level.
UNFPA is expected that the implementation of the ERP system will replace all existing systems used by Headquarters and country offices.
Training.
Posts.
Document DP/1997/2.
The sentence of the sentence may be carried out by electronic monitoring means at the end of four months.
UNEP noted that it supported the work done by the Centre for Crime Prevention in the field of crime prevention and expressed its hope that future cooperation on issues of common concern.
In view of my responsibilities as President of the Islamic Summit, I believe that I have the responsibility to inform you of the decision taken by the President of the Islamic Summit to allow you to convey to the members of the Security Council so that they take into account our position in the consideration of the above-mentioned issues.
If we continue to work on the basis of the basic elements, I am sure that we can bridge the new prospects of global security: respect for human rights, including threats to terrorism.
The remaining will be reported in the next few years.
The Panel has made a comparison of the total “C” claims to the Palestinians, as well as in the total “C” category “C” claims, as well as the number of groups submitted by Governments and international organizations.
An important purpose of the review is to provide a brief and concise information on the representation of the United Nations in technical cooperation to assist programme countries in decision-making and assist donors in making necessary adjustments in funding decisions.
In accordance with that statement, the interaction between the United Nations technical cooperation providers brought the choice, while general coherence has been achieved through the preparation process of country programmes.
Also welcomes the ongoing dialogue between the Security Council and its counter-terrorism committees and relevant bodies of the Counter-Terrorism Committee and the Counter-Terrorism Committee, and encourages the Security Council and its Counter-Terrorism Committee to continue to develop cooperation with relevant human rights institutions, in particular with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in cooperation with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on the promotion and protection of human rights in accordance with the Security Council resolution related resolutions relating to counter-terrorism;
The concept of a culture of peace includes respect for life, full respect for human rights, the rejection of violence, sustainable human development, conflict prevention and tolerance, solidarity and mutual understanding between States and all groups, religions, cultures and other groups, today.
Contributions to the United Nations Development Fund for Women, as at 30 June 2003
For example, when participating in international military operations, the Norwegian Armed Forces of Norway's armed forces did not use the cut-off cluster bombs.
Albania, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, India, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Norway, Republic of Korea, Poland, Portugal, Republic of Korea, Romania, Slovenia, Switzerland, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Spain, Switzerland, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Switzerland, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia of Macedonia of Macedonia of Macedonia of Macedonia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Slovenia, Spain, Spain, Serbia and Serbia and Montenegro, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Turkey, Switzerland, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Turkey, Turkey, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain, Turkey, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Spain, Spain, Spain, Turkey, Spain, Spain, Spain, Spain,
Concluding observations of the Committee of the Rights of the Child: The Committee of the Committee (CRC/C/15/Add.201), para.
In that regard, we welcome the results achieved at the United Nations Headquarters meeting on 6 March.
National reports cannot be allowed to be made available to those countries that are responsible for supporting and combating terrorism.
Also calls upon Israel, within the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including East Jerusalem, to comply with the Charter of the United Nations, in respect of the security of the Agency's staff, the protection and facilities of the Agency and the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations;
Internal control
On agenda item 107 “Follow-up to the International Year of Older Persons: Second World Assembly on Ageing”, following resolution 57/167, the Secretary-General submitted a report entitled “Follow-up to the Second World Assembly on Ageing” (A/58/165).
Article 20 sets out the provisions of continuing nationality to be held until the date of the request has been held on the date.
However, some vulnerable employees still have been excluded from the deregulation of the labour market over the decades of the labour market and the protection of trade unions, although there is almost no reason for believing that they are contrary to good faith, they have allowed labour relations and have led to a few confrontation in other areas such as human rights and environment.
The delegation of New Zealand recognized that the ceiling for paid parental leave would limit the number of fathers to join the programme, especially taking into account the wage gap between men and women.
In order to resist pressure from male rights groups, New Zealand works to insist on focusing on the elimination of marriage or relations.
They were of the view that the interim Chemical Review Committee had already been able to provide adequate and clear information sufficient to make recommendations, and all relevant criteria to be included by consensus.
Table 3. Third instalment category “A” claims corrections
(c) Contributions of the International Seabed Authority.
Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/58/L.4
Resolution
Macroeconomic policy questions
United Nations Administrative Tribunal
A/C.3/58/L.32 Item 116 -- Right of peoples to self-determination -- Draft resolution of 27 States -- Use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the right of peoples to self-determination [A C E F R S]
Long-term private capital flows to developing countries
The first net inflows are due to rapid growth in the financial regulation of industrialized countries and the European market.
In the 1990s, official “food” action became a major international mechanism to deal with debt-servicing capacity, but many issues are considered related to the application of such a approach.
The International Conference on debt relief, “Implementation of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) Ministerial Meeting to meet with the Bretton Woods institutions, expressed the concerns of the HIPC Initiative”, held at Washington, D.C., on 27 September 2002.
(h) A comprehensive third-party insurance scheme should be adopted at bilateral, subregional and regional levels;
In paragraph 56 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/57/387), the two sets of measures taken to improve the quality of reports and analysis of special procedures: improving the quality of the special procedures, including the adoption of specific procedures and selection of appointed agents, and the need to develop better guidelines for operational activities and reporting guidelines, including the capacity of the Organization to support the special procedures.
It may be welcome, however, that there are currently 14 women representatives of the 9 representatives of the National Assembly, while six members of the Royal Committee are also women.
Currently, the number of secondary ( secondary) enrolment has exceeded existing educational infrastructure capacity.
While there is no parallel plan for women, the Royal Government has committed to integrating measures to promote women's participation in development and programmes to reflect the particular needs and potential of women.
The divorce is not less than that, since Bhutan followed many other countries, it does not prohibit divorce.
For more than half of the actions taken to combat such transactions, the genital mutilation has been transferred to the ground, so that they do not monitor and deal with and do not provide advice on HIV/AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases.
The Ministry of Education of Bhutan, 2001.
It is generally recognized that trade liberalization will bring great economic interests.
The first phase of the World Summit on the Information Society, held in Geneva in 2003, should help improve the use of information and communication technologies for all countries.
Finally, the areas that have been achieved and resolved to address outstanding issues in order to prepare a format for the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property adopted by the Committee at its forty-third session, and to discuss the outcome of the discussions and discussions of the Sixth Committee and the Ad Hoc Committee.
The two hotels were occupied by the Iraqi forces; the second hotel had been used as a centre for the detention of victims of torture and Kuwaiti prisoners; the second claimant had been used as a centre of detention; the second claim had been removed from the Iraqi forces.
In this way, for example, the Panel concluded that three claims submitted pursuant to paragraphs 15 to 15 above, under paragraph 15 above, taking into account the nature of the institutions involved in Kuwait, the length of major losses, the duration of reconstruction and the improvement measures claimed by the first and second claimant, respectively, as part of the rehabilitation period, as well as the third instalment claimed by the second and second claimant for 31 March 1991 and 31 March 1991.
1.11 The value of commercial securities is to respond to the projected loss of profits and loss through assumptions.
18 Ibid., paras.
Bearing in mind the serious threats to the safety, health and life of the civilian population and the safety, health and life of the civilian population in the humanitarian, peacekeeping and rehabilitation programmes and operations,
Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 24 of Security Council resolution 1483 (2003) (S/2003/725)
Iraq's great contribution to our legal, scientific and artistic understanding and recognition, is indeed a great contribution to human civilization.
It is clear that the contribution of the Iraqi people to the common value of their shared value should be a response to its hopes and aspirations of the Iraqi people.
The gross national income declined to almost half of 2000.
Information received from the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Territories (Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Territories), from 16 September 2003, para.
The Advisory Committee recommends approval of the Executive Board of the revised estimates for the biennium 2002-2003, the level of staffing proposed for the biennium 2002-2003 and approved a number of projections for 2004-2005 based on the circumstances referred to in paragraph 8 above.
Accordingly, he was informed that the Office of Internal Oversight Services had visited two United Nations information centres.

Source: The development of the Spanish statistics on higher education in Spain and the Ministry of Science in the Ministry of Education in Spain.
Of the total mortality rate in the population, 37102 deaths were killed in 1999, 4337 per cent were women.
The network is composed of professionals and efforts to promote special issues of women's health in the preparation of programmes and investigations.
Policy and programmes
Legal revisions to the situation above
For the text of the resolution, see chapter II, section A, resolution 2003/14.
They have serious implications for children.
There is no doubt that this issue is a long-term challenge for the entire United Nations family.
In many countries of the world, children are the main victims of armed conflict.
The United States continues to support the minimum age for recruitment or use of non-State actors under 18 years of age.
(b) Voluntary funds administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees.
Commends the Board's efforts in monitoring the implementation of the relevant resolutions of the Council, in particular in the following areas:
* As a result of internal consultations, the time submitted in the present document is late.
When the effectiveness of the public sector, or “ effectiveness”, the public sector can be viewed as efficient and efficient.
The meeting decided, for example.
Operative paragraph 1 was adopted.
Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Venezuela: draft resolution
Under this view, comprehensive approach could not be possible to reach a constructive outcome.
See also the Protocol for the Establishment of an International Oil Pollution Supplementary Fund for 2003 to supplement the Fund “third party”.
On 21 June 2003, my Special Representative sent a letter to the Executive Director to explain the understanding of our common and individual responsibilities under the provisions of resolution 1483 (2003) concerning the orderly transfer of the oil-for-food programme.
http://www.g.org/at_2922.htm (English)
Promotion of the right of everyone to culture and respect for different cultural identities
Such lessons can be attributed to external evaluations, projects monitoring and/or knowledge generated by the implementation of the project.
While awareness-raising and understanding of the changes to behaviour are very rare, they can be able to complement and strengthen information and actions to other types of interventions.
Recalling the Convention on International Liability for Damage caused by space objects and the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space,
In addition, in addition to the Bawak area, the new military liaison officers do not allow military liaison officers to have sufficient freedom of movement; they have only allowed military liaison officers to be controlled.
Financial aspects
Requests the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, in cooperation with other relevant international and regional organizations, to help States to develop relevant legislation and regulations and to provide the ratification and implementation of the United Nations Convention against Transnational Organized Crime and other expertise or technical assistance in the Protocol to Prevent, Suppress and Punish Trafficking in Persons, Especially Women and Children, and encourages Member States to continue to support the work of the Centre through voluntary contributions to the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Fund.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Let us strengthen the fight against terrorism.
In efforts to find a peaceful solution to the crisis in Iraq within the Security Council, Angola has consistently advocated the peaceful settlement of disputes and reaffirmed that the use of force should never be a final means.
I would also like to thank Mr. La Sablière and Mr. ElBaradei for his excellent work, which is characterized by neutrality and objective.
At the request of the representative of the United States of America, a recorded vote was taken on the seventh preambular paragraph and operative paragraph 35 (a), which was retained by 51 votes to 1, with 0 abstentions.
The text of the resolution is adopted without a vote.
While the Committee wishes to spare no effort to improve the capacity of the Committee to comply with the Protocol, the Committee is equally aware that the changes of benchmarks are a serious matter and that only the Committee can complete its consideration of outstanding reasons.
He concluded that, in the context of the enormous atmosphere, environmental impacts must be more justified by our efforts to protect the ozone layer and that the damage caused by the success of our success.
(ii) In addition to possible approval by Parties, the full end of methyl bromide consumption of 1 January 2007;
The Netherlands has signed its intention to strengthen cooperation with Colombia in a port security programme, including cooperation between the public sector and the private sector, such as police and port companies.
(ii) The parties to the interim measure have not received an appropriate notification of the appointment of arbitrators or the proceedings of arbitration [in such cases, the Court may suspend the proceedings before the arbitral tribunal has heard; or
It was further explained that, in order to allow the Court to refuse to recognize and enforce the right to freedom of the interim measure, the Court should not only be convinced that there was a major issue but also that the issue would be justified by the denial of implementation and recognition of the proper basis.
It was generally agreed that the text of article 35 and 36 should be avoided.
In that regard, the Working Group believes that it should also be able to deal with the procedures applicable.
If a State is to have to refuse to enforce the situation, it is not contrary to the spirit that these provisions seek to achieve consistency.
C. Decides to include in its decision 13 - 16
Vienna, 17-30 November 2003
The UNCITRAL Model Law on Electronic Commerce (the Model Law on Electronic Commerce) is also lacking in specific rules.
The Court unanimously determined that the Internet-related advertising was only to be invited (in Aprilio), and that a binding contract would only be established only if the seller accepted the price of the buyer.
In the financial intermediaries, the Financial Police Office is primarily responsible for the investigation of money-laundering as follows:
It is clear that this crime must be committed in the territory of Italy, or in any event it must be within the jurisdiction of Italy.
An offence
(Signed) NU. B.B.
At the same time, the Special Court is not affected by the fundamental nature of the State Court of Cambodia.
The accused is headed by Nassi, Gazir, Gazir and Fréiu, who are accused of carrying out terrorist activities, illegal theft and incitement.
It reiterates that the Joint Liaison Group should invite, as appropriate, the secretariat of the Black Sea Convention to exchange and participate in the activities of the Joint Liaison Group; the SBSTA reaffirmed the relevance of the relevant technical documents on biodiversity and climate change in cooperation with the Convention; and notes the valuable contribution of the UNFCCC to the work of the Convention;
University of H.J 2003: Mr. Robert Kaidi's visit and Dr. J. J. J. W.C.J. on the course of the course entitled “Special and judicial forces” to analyse ways and means to implement the functions and review of the prosecution of officials at the national and international levels.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Economic and Social Council
Requests the secretariat of the Global Environment Facility, in consultation with the secretariat of the Convention, to launch a dialogue with a view to making more effective follow-up to the guidance provided by the Conference of the Parties to the Global Environment Facility to the Global Environment Facility on the basis of lessons learned from the GEF funding and programmes;
It should be flexible to serve as a framework for action to address the specific requirements and circumstances of the Parties and reflect their national priorities and initiatives.
In addition, taking into account the damage caused by the conflict, the Committee considered that the scale of assessments for 2003 would be more desirable to apply the current scale for the United Nations operational rates, rather than price adjustments.
The European Union believes that, in accordance with rule 160 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, some assessments should not lead to increased assessment of other Member States under the scale established by the General Assembly.
The United States Virgin Islands is an organized, not consolidated territory of the United States of America.
In addition, the Civil Rights Code sets out the right to be protected by due process and equal protection, freedom of expression, freedom of association and religion.
One of the concerns expressed in recent years is the high rate of drop-out in the Territory.
He regretted the fact that the parties to the conflict in Burundi had violated the rights and interests of civilians and called for the warring parties to seek lasting peace.
A senior diplomatic home was co-operation with the Montreal International, Canada and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, which was the Permanent Representative of UNESCO to the International Secretariat of the UNESCO Communications Network.
(c) International financial institutions and development;
There has been numerous updates on the legislative objectives of G-8 and the Taliban to enable them to comply with the exceptions to the changes in the decisions of the Security Council and resolution 1452 (2002).
(c) Decree No. 7 January 196 of the Ministry of Education on the Order of the Ministry of Education
The review resulted in an end of 9 of the initial 13 audit recommendations, and reiterates its four recommendations, three of which were accepted by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
Conditions of service and remuneration for other officials of the Secretariat to be services of the General Assembly: members of the International Civil Service Commission and Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/C.5/57/35)
In accordance with the provisions of this article, the State party should endeavour to expedite extradition procedures and simplify the requirements of the relevant evidence.
Unless, in accordance with paragraphs 10 and 11 of this article, the State party agrees that, regardless of the nationality of the person, his nationality shall be subject to any restriction of the prosecution, detention or the freedom of the State to which it is transferred to the State.
(d) Evaluation and strengthening of institutional, public office management, public finance management, including public procurement, as well as the private sector;
Each State Party shall, in accordance with the requirements of the Meeting of States Parties, provide information to the Meeting of States Parties on their programmes, plans and practices to implement the Convention.
Israel and Palestine must live in peace and security within recognized borders.
The position of peace and security in North-East Asia and the international non-proliferation must not allow North Korea to develop and possess nuclear weapons.
Department
Are other benefits to enhance domestic capacity?
In 2002, OHCHR and UNAIDS issued amendments to the Guidelines (www.unhchr.ch/hiv) to provide guidance to States and other actors regarding access to prevention, medical care and support opportunities in the context of HIV/AIDS.
b The former German Democratic Republic had reservations 1,2,33 to the Convention on 20 February 1975.
At the same meeting, the General Assembly decided that the term of office of members shall be on the date of its election, namely, on 21 April.
The revised appeals are still subject, only $7.5 million.
The Committee urges the State party to take all effective measures to ensure the realization of equality between men and women under article 2, paragraph (2) of the Covenant and article III.
The Committee recommends that the State party develop specialized legislation against trafficking and ensure their effective implementation.
The Committee urges the State party to implement its national housing policy and its federal housing programme and to take measures within the national context to ensure that families have adequate housing facilities and equipment.
The Committee urges the State party to take measures to protect the protection of the land of the Hau-Prince and to ensure that any expulsion is consistent with the guidelines set out in General Comment No. 7 of the Committee.
Non-governmental organizations should be encouraged to make joint statements.
They also contain a very useful definition, such as “to its surface” or “to the point” — which have different meaning in paper-based environment and electronic environments.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress and challenges to achieve the major development goals and targets adopted by the United Nations in the past decade
Activities:
To determine the conditions for Iraqi industrial research and technology development and to provide the necessary support to restore reconstruction.
The Arab ILO believes that all social partners in Iraq, including labour management organizations, business organizations and workers, must provide the following forms of assistance:
- It will provide assistance to develop relevant norms for radio and television production.
In addition, high income and middle-income countries are encouraged to contribute to UNICEF core resources in order to avoid increasing dependence on limited donor countries.
Many of them clearly reflect the relationship between the UNDAF and the contribution of UNICEF to the Millennium Development Goals.
The draft decision was adopted.
The Financial Intelligence Team has therefore promoted training programmes related to the prevention of capital and financing of terrorism through forums, seminars and conferences.
As for illicit synthetic drugs, in particular amphetamine-type stimulants, we have little knowledge of their production and production, but illegal production has begun to expand from traditional centres in North America, Europe and East Asia.
(c) Crime prevention and criminal justice;
The secretariat informed the Committee that the organization and substantive preparations were scheduled; most of the pre-session documents that were distributed to all members of the Committee and that the final version of the approval of the Committee would be posted on the Internet as soon as possible.
Add the sixth preambular paragraph
From January to May 2003, the official export amount was reported to be $800.
There are no speakers inscribed on this item.
Emphasizes that the primary objective of adopting new technologies should be to improve the quality of conference services and to ensure the highest cost-effective delivery of conference services, and requests the Secretary-General to report on the use of new technologies;
In order to achieve that objective, such as the African Development Forum, the Forum aims to reach consensus on important issues in Africa and to build a collective perspective on how to enhance cooperation between Africa and its bilateral and multilateral partners.
Ms. Gabr said that the major problem of poverty had directly affected girls' education, which had also affected the increase of illiteracy and that the employment of women was clearly needed.
UNICEF specifically supports the country programme of cooperation.
The case is only provided for that purpose, and no one can be made.
The Council reiterates its intention to continue closely review the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina and welcomes the deployment of the EU Police Mission since 1 January 2003.
So far, “the Joint Command of the United States leadership” was rejected by the “United Nations Command” and has thus been abused to violate the sovereignty of a Member State.
I should be grateful if you would have the text of the present letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda item 10 and 1595.
Commission on Human Rights
These consultations include the President's meeting of general comments on the draft general comments of the International Economic, Social and Cultural Rights Network, held in Canada from 19 to 20 July 2003.
Figure 2 shows the export income data provided by various sources.
This provision provides the obligation to investigate and prevent crimes of human cloning.
The joint fact-finding team continued to investigate violence under active participation by all parties.
Human rights officers continue to provide advisory services to the local population.
Geneva, 30 June-3 July 2003
Staff members of the Professional and higher categories
Table 1 Gender distribution is shown in table 1 of the departments and departments.
The United Nations Development Group reported on this issue to the High-level Committee on Management at its current session to the High-level Committee on Management on this issue, and also proposed policy principles, objectives and objectives aimed at facilitating the employment of spouses.
In April 2000, the International Family Care Organization introduced a model project entitled “Water for Life: Life of Women: Micro-care Initiative”, which was awarded a five-year grant of US$ 8 million for the International Family Care Organization.
On 19 April 2000, the Chairman of the Association transmitted Mrs. Pirard Girard, Secretary-General of the United Nations to the Secretary-General of the United Nations, transmitting the Charter of the International Court of Justice, adopted at the annual session of the International Association of the North.
This definition is that individuals, families and communities, in violation of their will, have been suspended or temporarily expelled from their homes or land, and that they are not entitled to appropriate legal or other forms of protection.
However, recently, the conclusions presented by the United Nations and other aspects of the analysis of the impact of sanctions have been considered that such immunity does not produce such effect.
In order to effectively exercise this function, it is necessary to indicate the nature and implications of the Convention, as well as the importance of judicial remedies in the implementation of the Convention.
Article 13 (2) (b)
However, autonomy must be linked to the system of public responsibility, and the activities of the State to finance.
The Committee considers that corporal punishment is incompatible with the fundamental principles of international human rights law contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the preamble of the Convention: the dignity of individuals.
Specific legal obligations
In particular, international financial institutions, in particular the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund, should give greater attention to the protection of the right to health.
The national indigenous peoples have provided resources to help them design, supply and management of water resources; the nomadic peoples have adequate water in traditional or designated homes; refugees, asylum-seekers and returnees, regardless of the camps and in rural areas.
The State party's intervention to water may constitute a breach of its obligations.
National Ombudsman, the Commission on Human Rights and similar bodies should be allowed to deal with cases of violations of the right to water.
“The Committee wishes to reiterate its willingness to assist States parties to fulfil their obligations.
Each State Party has generally stated that the State party's declaration of emergency set out in its legal system has set forth in its legal system and the provisions of applicable law.
Article 19
In order to comply with the specific provisions of paragraph 3 (a), it may be possible to submit an offence under oral or written manner, but it is necessary to indicate the facts that they are under the law and facts.
In explanation of limitations, the State party should focus on the protection of the rights guaranteed by the Convention, including the right to equality and non-discrimination contained in articles 2, 3 and 26 of the Covenant.
In many civil and political instruments, many of the provisions can ensure the objectives of the Convention.
The principle of one vote must be implemented within the framework of each national electoral system, and the voting shall be equal.
The State party must provide information that the Committee may assess the impact of any legal and customs of women on the enjoyment of the right to privacy and other rights protected by articles 17 of men.
The International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights provides for the right of peoples to self-determination, in addition to the provisions of race, religion or linguistic minorities to enjoy their cultural, beliefs and practices.
In order to ensure independence and effectiveness, independent national human rights institutions must have sufficient infrastructure, funds (including funds dedicated to the rights of the child, staff, premises, no financial control over any financial controls.
The government departments can only participate in the consultative status.
Clearly, in any future decolonization programme, the views of the Non-Self-Governing Territories must be taken fully into account.
Therefore, we are not a formal draft resolution, but we hope that delegations will have an opportunity to consider and decide how we can do.
The Committee may wish to adopt the agenda and organization of work for the session.
Statement by the delegation of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland on 24 September 2003 concerning the right of reply made by the Prime Minister of Mauritius
Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session, in consultation with Member States, relevant organizations of the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, the private sector and the private sector, a report on the preparations for the 2005 International Year of Microcredit, and, under the item entitled “Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006)”.
Bermuda has three courts, namely the Security Court, the Supreme Court and the Court of Appeal.
The Act gives the inhabitants of the Overseas Territories, including the British citizenship of Bermuda.
At the same time, Bermuda has a high cost of living, the highest level of purchasing power in the world.
The average pension income of over 54 years is US$ 112,826.
Bermuda believes that the high level of education of the Bermuda population is a major aspect of its comparative advantages.
These activities will include government officials; criminal and criminal justice experts; the Attorney-General; members of Parliament; parliamentarians in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice; practitioners in the field of crime prevention and criminal justice; specialized officials and members of the specialized agencies, judges and other publications.
The list should also include assets frozen under resolutions 1267 (1999), 1332 (2001) and 1390 (2002).
Calls upon all donor countries and countries with a position to have a significant increase in contributions to the core/regular budget of the United Nations Development System, in particular funds and programmes, as possible to contribute to the multi-year basis, and stresses the potential to further explore other sources of financing, as complementary to traditional sources, not alternative sources;
Takes note of the increased collaboration between the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions and the Bretton Woods institutions, and invites the United Nations system and the Bretton Woods institutions to explore ways to further enhance cooperation, cooperation and coordination, including through full reference to the priorities of recipient countries, modalities and partner arrangements, and in this regard, and stresses the importance of ensuring that the United Nations funds, programmes and agencies designated by the United Nations system, in the context of the strategic framework of the country, in accordance with the country, as well-level authorities, as well-wide strategic strategic strategic strategic strategic strategic strategic strategic framework of the Bretton Woods institutions, in order, in order to ensure further coherence, in order to ensure further coherence, in order to ensure that strategy papers, in order to ensure further coherence, in order to ensure further consistent with the United Nations funds, inter alia, inter alia, in the strategic framework of the United Nations funds, consistent with the strategic strategic strategic framework of the strategic framework of the strategic framework of the Bretton Woods institutions, inter alia, consistent with the Bretton Woods institutions, inter alia, consistent with the United Nations funds, consistent with the focal point of the Bretton Woods institutions that the strategic framework of the Bretton Woods
Stresses the need to enhance the institutional capacities of LDCs affected by conflict, natural disasters and other humanitarian situations to provide adequate support to the efforts of LDCs in such cases in recovery, reconstruction, sustainable development, poverty reduction and peacebuilding;
Recalling also its agreed conclusions 1997/2 on mainstreaming a gender perspective in all policies and programmes of the United Nations system, as well as its subsequent decision to provide a dedicated review and assessment of the implementation of the agreed conclusions by the 2005 meeting,
Also takes into account the Barcelona Declaration and the attached programme of work of the European- Mediterranean Regional Conference, held in Barcelona, Spain, in November 1995, with the aim of linking the Mediterranean Transport Network and the European Transport Network to ensure the compatibility of the European transport network,
(d) The transfer and introduction of new technologies through foreign direct investment and other channels cannot be ensured only through the transfer and introduction of new technologies.
At its 42nd plenary meeting, on 21 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council recognized that four persons of the United Nations Institute for Social Development had been present in four United Nations Institute for Social Development, for a four-year term of four members of the United Nations Institute for Social Development, and that the date of 30 June 2007 had been completed by the Council of the Institute of the United Nations Institute for Social Development (United Nations Institute for Social Development (WHO) and the United Nations Institute for Social Development (United Nations Institute of Great Britain and the United Nations Institute for Social Development (United Nations Institute for Social Development, which the United Nations Institute of Great Britain and Northern Ireland) for Social Development, on 30 June 2007 for Social Development, United Nations Institute of Great Britain and the United Nations Institute of Great Britain and Northern Ireland for the United Nations Institute for the United Nations Institute for the United Nations Institute of Great Britain and the United Nations Institute of Great Britain and the United Nations Institute for Social Development, on 30 June 2007, the United Nations Institute for the United Nations Institute for Social Development of Great Britain and the United Nations Institute of Great Britain and Northern Ireland for Social Development of the United Nations Institute for Social Development of the United Nations Institute of Great Britain
At its 46th plenary meeting, on 23 July 2003, the Economic and Social Council took note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 2003/27 of 22 April 2003, in which it decided to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the right to adequate standard of living and non-discrimination, and requested the Special Rapporteur to submit a report to the Commission at its sixtieth session.
Haiti has been able to live and social integration Foundation for homeless people.
(d) Took note of the Committee's no longer consider complaints from States to the following organizations:
Committee on Sustainable Development
Invites Parties to the Parties that have used, production, import and/or export DDT to provide relevant information to the secretariat for the use of the draft format and investigations questionnaire before the first meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Conference of the Parties to the Conference;
The resources of the Conference of the Parties shall consist of:
The Legal drafting group stated that no procedure was taken against the decision-making process.
Letter dated 16 September 2003 from the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
• Chile, 16 June 1992);
Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network, to prepare a guide for regional preparatory meetings for the Eleventh Congress;
A statement was made on the theme of the trend in trafficking in persons, which specifically focused on data collection, combating global trends against trafficking, trafficking in West Africa and trafficking in children.
With regard to trafficking in children in West Africa, the traditional form of education for rural children was reported to be placed in urban families, in some cases, in some cases, into trafficking.
UNITAR held in English on the structure of the United Nations resolutions and on how to prepare and adopt a workshop on the draft resolution and adoption of the resolution.
There is no indication of any new nuclear facilities or any direct support for any nuclear activity.
Question of Tokelau
States should not ignore the rule of law in their efforts to combat terrorism.
At the first regular session of the Executive Board, in January 2003, the Executive Director presented its report on the implementation of the UNOPS revised budget (DP/2003/CRP.3) to the Executive Board in its report on the implementation of the UNOPS revised budget (DP/2003/CRP.3).
IAEA inspection team
The first team: The Panel left the Canal Hotel at 8 a.m. to visit the facilities of the Albana.
Article 19 of the Protocol and article 14 of the Trafficking Protocol.
Signature: Ghana (2003)1
Draft resolution III entitled “Implementation of the strategic deployment stocks”.
The draft resolution was adopted by 13 votes to 2, with 17 abstentions (resolution 57/325).
Political discussions are indeed important, and the First Committee remains an important venue for delegations' comments.
We hope that the General Assembly will support, as at its previous session, adopt the draft resolution without a vote.
We have also made the same clear objective, through the support of the Organization of American States, through the Organization of American States, to call upon other States in our region to comply with or ratify the Treaty.
We also believe that the idea of establishing a panel of experts deserves consideration and that the Secretary-General of the Secretary-General of the United Nations may convene a panel of experts to implement concrete verification tasks.
In this context, it should be particularly mentioned that the Global Internal Displacement Project of the Norwegian Refugee Commission will enhance the application of the Guiding Principles one of its primary tasks.
While companies are the main legal persons in the field of diplomatic protection, it is not the only legal person that may be required to protect.
Where arbitration, judicial or similar procedures are relevant to the dispute that is currently being the subject of conciliation proceedings, paragraph 1, or paragraph 3, of this article is applicable.
I thank them for all of us in our side and for all the efforts to resolve the crisis.
However, for the maximum impact of the JIU on the efficiency of the activities of the United Nations system, it is not sufficient to improve the quality of the programme of work.
The inspection team completed its mandate and then returned to the Canal Hotel.
In accordance with the provisions of annex V to the Convention, the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries (United States dollars) assisted in the preparation of a thematic network (in thousands of United States Parties to the Basel Convention for the Development of the North and Central African Republic); the convening of a ministerial meeting of the Parties to the Basel Convention (including consultants, logistical costs and participants in 2004 to assist in the implementation of the Nairobi Regional Conference in the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the Caribbean States Parties to assist in the United Nations Environment Programme of the United Nations Conference of the United Nations Environment Programme of the implementation of the implementation of the United States Parties to assist in the United States Parties to assist in the United Nations Development Programme of the United Nations Development Programme of the United States Parties in the United States Parties in the United States Parties in the Caribbean States Parties to assist in the United Nations Environment Programme of the Caribbean States Parties in the United Nations Headquarters of the United States Parties in the United Nations Headquarters of the United States Parties in the United States Parties in the Caribbean States Parties in the United Nations Headquarters of the Nairobi Programme of the Nairobi Programme of the United States Parties to assist
During the ongoing dialogue on the island's future, the St. Helena Legislative Council issued 13 strategic objectives at the end of 2002, so that the Government had negotiated its new assistance agreement with the United Kingdom (July 2004).
“f) To maintain a fixed place for the activities referred to in subparagraphs (a) to (e) to (e) to (e) to (e) for the purpose of maintaining the overall activity resulting from the size of the activity.
The Government of Hungary is confident that the present report and its previous reports will help the Committee to assess the actions taken by Member States and to make recommendations on improving existing measures.
(2) In the purpose of subparagraph (a), the abduction of a large number of assets or property, and the return of such assets or property to the request by the Government or international organizations to the Government of the State party shall be punished pursuant to paragraph (1).
The Republic of Korea launched a “Gender-based monitoring group” in the City of the Federation of Women's Federation, which reported sexual harassment and gender discrimination on the Internet.
The amount of subsidies paid by a one-time minister is determined by annual decisions.
Women accounted for more than 50 per cent of the agricultural population since 1990 as compared with 50 per cent in 1998, representing 5.5 per cent in 1998 and 2000, as women have become the main source of labour in the agricultural sector.
Source: Ministry of Agriculture and Forestry (2000)
All acts leading to the change, including birth, marriage, divorce, adoption, adoption, null and void, death, transfer, succession, etc.
In 2002, it adopted a law against organized crime.
Racism and support for friendly movements of peoples
The discussion of this summary record will begin from 2.25 p.m. in 2 p.m.
For the latter, it will be submitted at the session of the Committee?
Ms. Wry-Bay (Observer for the International Monetary Fund (IMF) said that the IMF's intention was not to develop a standard but recognized the international community's application.
We reaffirm the conviction that international law is the basis of inter-State relations; mutual respect and desire for peace is a link between countries and countries.
Corruption is a major factor in economic performance and a major obstacle to poverty reduction and development.
The Secretary of the Committee orally corrected the draft programme of work contained in document A/C.3/58/L.54/Rev.1.
Agenda item 95
The draft resolution notes with satisfaction the growing collaboration between the entities of the United Nations system and encourages them to continue such collaboration in support of the implementation of NEPAD.
At the special session of the Security Council of the Counter-Terrorism Committee, held in March this year, Georgia, Uzbekistan, Ukraine, Moldova and the Group of Moldova presented a summary of counter-terrorism activities.
It is that this information has led to various summits in the Millennium Declaration and subsequent years, including, inter alia, the Monterrey, Doha and Johannesburg Summit.
Following the nomination of the representatives of Belize, Mr. Jizel (Jamaica) also elected Rapporteur by acclamation.
The representative of the Department replied that there would be no change in the allocation of resources between United Nations radio units.
With regard to agenda item 4, on the least developed countries, he noted that the establishment of effective and sustainable capacity in the least developed countries was a complex issue.
These objectives are consistent with the international development goals of governance, the international development indicators plan for governance to achieve at least 7 per cent of gross domestic product growth and 25 per cent of GDP per year.
With regard to the GATS negotiations, she was concerned that many were not yet important public services.
With regard to technical cooperation, the secretariat should enhance the effectiveness of the activities and highlight the importance of the assessment and implementation of the recommendations arising from such work.
In addition, these steps are not regulated.
One member of the Latin American and Caribbean States;
Four members of the Group of Western European and other States.
Stressing that South-South cooperation is an important component of international cooperation for development, providing practical opportunities for developing countries and countries with economies in transition to seek sustained economic growth and sustainable development,
Official meetings
The Committee will also begin its general debate on Monday, 6 October 2003, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
The present agenda items and related actions mentioned in the comments are described below.
Recalling its resolution 2002/1 of 15 July 2002 on the request of the Ad Hoc Advisory Group to be considered by any post-conflict African countries, and Council resolution 2002/30 of 25 October 2002,
In order to combat trafficking in persons and prostitution, the Government had taken a series of measures, the Ministry of Labour and Social Security, and the Ministry of Gender Information and Policy Centre for Gender Equality and Social Security in Belarus, as well as the Government of the Federation of Christian Women's Federation in the country, published a booklet entitled “The issue of trafficking in human beings” in November 2001.
Unless urgent steps are taken to address this impasse, the fragile security situation in the country may be further exacerbated.
As indicated in paragraphs 43 and annex IV, the budget estimates for the biennium 2004-2005 amounted to $5.5 million, of which $4.9 million for programme resources, $3.3 million for management and administration expenditures.
A portion of the operational costs of the Office was drawn from the special-purpose contributions to the Foundation every year (as designated for the activities of the European Union.
At its tenth session, the Committee on Budget and Finance held preliminary consideration of the 2004 budget.
Sixty-third session
Other matters
Rapporteur: Mr. Pardo (Ireland)
Takes note of the ongoing work of the Legal Subcommittee of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space at its forty-second session under General Assembly resolution 57/115;
Requests the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-ninth session a report on the implementation of the recommendations of UNISPACE III;
1 December 2003
(d) Request for the restoration of the right to vote pursuant to article 5.2 of the UNIDO Statute;
Noting with satisfaction that UNIDO has provided valuable support to the Palestinian economy through the implementation of integrated programmes aimed at development and improvement in the Palestinian industry sector, in particular the encouraging results achieved in the pilot phase of this project,
The analysis of the UNCTAD secretariat showed that Africa's problem is a long-term problem.
Even if the most optimistic prospects of the world economy are estimated, it is now difficult to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
The failure of the 2005 Ministerial Conference to trade negotiations is another matter of concern.
It is fully aware of the fact that the same name is another one another.
We would like to recommend that this practice be further regularly taken in the future to Africa and elsewhere.
The results of these discussions should be the reference of the Council to address the issue.
(d) In particular through the training of criminal justice officials and other relevant personnel further recognize the important role of the victims of trafficking and victims in the investigation and prosecution of such crimes:
Ms. Sims explained the difficulty of using the term “indigenous peoples”.
Wendland outlined the work and plan of WIPO on traditional knowledge.
He once again met with the senior ministers of the Government, including the Minister of the Interior of Seng, the Minister of Agriculture, the Minister of Agriculture, the Minister of Agriculture and the Ministry of Lands.
The proposed programme will also require extensive consultations, good open debates and the judges and prosecutors in the future, and must be actively consulted, with a strong political will to overcome the gap between “the legitimate region” and the “ reality regions”.
With the end of armed conflict, large land became a very valuable asset, which allows the military to claim ownership of the pre-war and the control of remote areas.
Many international organizations and individual experts, including persons with disabilities and the Standard Rules, have led to the development of an analysis process of the Standard Rules.
In Australia, a number of entities supported by various entities, Australia's relevant authorities are investigating.
While acknowledging the differences between States in the legal system, cultural diversity and different development phases, and taking into account those differences, he noted that they should not be a reason for reducing the level of achievement of the objectives of the future convention.
Some mid-term reviews found that advocacy activities were too broad, and it recommended that UNFPA maintain appropriate focus at the country level, with a view to making a focus on specific regions.
The Counter-Terrorism Committee has carefully reviewed the report and has written to the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations.
(Signed) Nasser Al-Nasser
Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation on international mediation — the Russian Federation, the United States of America, the European Union and the United Nations to address the road map for peace in the Middle East.
In that explosion, more than 200 people were wounded.
We also support the establishment of the United Nations Observer Mission to help complete the transition process and follow-up to the mandate of BINUB at the end of this year.
In particular, the Assistant Secretary of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Argentina made a reference to the contribution made by the United Nations to the problem of women and their rights and needs, in this regard, to which some of the important documents published by the United Nations.
In accordance with its statute, the main objective of the Foundation is to implement the initiatives of social interest, such as the promotion of learning, research, culture and assistance activities, in order to promote the development of a culture of terrorism among young people and promote the professionalization of professionals involved in combating and combating organized crime and justice institutions.
Section 4 Responsibility of departments, offices and missions
We note the ongoing efforts to streamline and harmonize programming tools and the strengthening of the resident coordinator system, and we hope that these efforts will reduce the cost of trade in developing countries and strengthen national ownership.
We believe that the Organization will benefit from a coherent approach to facilitating rationalization of institutions, the best use of resources, eliminating duplication, coordination and the provision of standards for monitoring and evaluation.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments
(c) The peacekeeping exercise of the “Byongu” was held from 21 to 28 July 2003;
E. Legal cooperation
The Consultative Process for the preparation of the proposed programme budget was appreciated.
The expected accomplishment (a), after the words “in accordance with the mandate”.
The Committee is of the view that the International Civil Service Commission must be reviewed by 50 years after the repatriation grant from the United Nations staff to the end of retirement.
The Committee notes that the objective of the Chief Executives Board for Coordination is to ensure that the United Nations system's policy directives and mandates are more coherent and coordinated response to Member States' policy directives and mandates. The Committee looks forward to the implementation of the relevant parts of the General Assembly of CEB in its resolutions 57/270 B of 23 June 2003 on the integrated and coordinated implementation of and follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits at the national, regional and international levels.
At its 19th meeting, on 23 June 2003, the Committee considered section 35 of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2004-2005.
In that regard, the Committee emphasizes the need for CEB to regularly review the inter-agency coordination issues related to the New Partnership for Africa's Development.
Responses to the questionnaire on the scope of the draft instrument
For example, it is necessary to take into account the cross-border aspects of rail.
The General Assembly should take into account the important recommendations of the experts responsible for the establishment of a network summary workshop.
New York
The increase of their pensions is different from the different levels of retirement and working age, with an increase of 37.8 per cent ( average of 6 per cent).
(c) Claims for tangible property losses
The claimant further stated that the agreement agreed on 6 August 1990, signed on 6 August 1990, that the agreement was entirely signed by the end of Iraq's invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The report of D claims relates to the review of claims for damages exceeding $1 million; E1 claims related to the review of the oil sector; E2 claims related to claims submitted by non-Kuwaiti companies and other commercial entities; E3 claims; E3 reported on the review of non-Kuwaiti construction and engineering claims; the report of the Panel of Commissioners concerning the review of claims for non-Kuwaiti construction and engineering; and the report of the Panel of Commissioners relating to the review of the first four claims relating to the review of Kuwait's claim of Kuwait's claim relating to review of claims relating to review of claims relating to review of claims in question of claims relating to the review of claims for the review of claims relating to the first instalment of claims in question of Kuwait's claim for claims relating to the first instalment of claims relating to the first instalment of claims in question of claims relating to review of claims relating to review of claims relating to the first instalment of claims in question of claims in question of the first instalment of claims in question of claims in question of claims relating to review of claims relating to review of claims relating to review of claims relating to review of claims relating to review of claims relating to review of claims relating to
Decision on payments made by the fifteenth instalment of E2 claims (S/AC.26/Dec.210 (2003)).
UNIDO has established a large-scale three-year cooperation programme with the IDB/ Islamic Investment Insurance and Export Credit Corporation, which will be implemented in four countries ( Bangladesh, Sudan, Uganda and Yemen) in September 2003.
(a) In Latin America, new activities began in Chile and Uruguay.
In Ethiopia, a number of waste processing plants have been established, in several African countries to optimize activities ( cleaner technologies).
Invites the Working Group to continue to seek comments and comments of all concerned parties, including Member States, in the preparation of the report;
At its 20th meeting, on 4 November, the representative of Australia, on behalf of the Bureau, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Measures to eliminate international terrorism” (A/C.6/58/L.19), and orally revised the date of the next session of the Ad Hoc Committee, which was added to operative paragraph 16 of operative paragraph 16 of the report of the Ad Hoc Committee.
Welcomes the important progress made by the Ad Hoc Committee established by the General Assembly in its resolution 51/2410 of 17 December 1996, by the Ad Hoc Committee and the Working Group of the Sixth Committee established pursuant to General Assembly resolution 57/287;
Item 1 of the provisional agenda
• A large number of countries affected by small arms and light weapons have indicated that they need assistance not only in the preparation of import legislation but also in the development of legislative capacity
(m) The import licences and licences of export licences to be obtained prior to import;
(f) States may strengthen cooperation with the exchange of information on arms shipments, which should take measures to ensure the legality of shipments;
At the national level, the Division will provide a comprehensive solution to the implementation of a computerized debt management system in the Office of Finance and/or Central Bank, which will be trained and assisted in the effective use of the system.
1 General Service (Other level))
2 P-4 (d)
• The drafting of an allegation document in cooperation with the Appeals Section and the Legal Counsel and Policy Section (a) (3) (i) and legal submissions (in particular on evidence and procedures)
The objective of this subprogramme is to monitor and prosecute procedures for the appeals of the Appeals Chamber, as shown below:
• A large number of participation and compensation requirements made by victims who are effectively dealt with by the Section, which have not caused unnecessary delays or difficulties in the proceedings.
• General temporary assistance-16 months (P-2): 735,584 euros
Accordingly, the first half of 2004 will be the time for the Secretariat to be used to make its own capacity.
Participation
The Committee requests the Government of Luxembourg to provide more information on the health status of women, and to investigate its research work in order to obtain disaggregated data on sex-disaggregated data in relation to infant and child mortality, nursing and post-natal care.
It shall not be interpreted as prejudice to the rights of third parties in good faith.
Subject to the norms of general law, this Convention does not exclude any criminal jurisdiction established by the State party under its domestic law.
The State party may provide reasonable requirements to the requested State Party to provide information on the status and progress of the measures taken to implement that request.
If the State party has not yet concluded such agreements or arrangements, these States Parties may consider mutual law cooperation on any offence covered by this Convention.
Stresses that the Convention and its implementation contribute to strengthening international peace and security, and emphasizes that, if the Convention has access to comprehensive, universal and effective implementation, the Convention will further contribute to the achievement of this goal, through fundamental elimination of chemical weapons;
Substantive session
Also requests the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Joint Inspection Unit, to develop measures, in accordance with the principles of the Charter and the Regulations and Rules of the United Nations, to prevent discrimination against the United Nations as a result of nationality, race, religion and religion;
“2. Requests the Secretary-General to continue to take all necessary measures to establish the University of Jerusalem ( Al-Quds Al-Quds) in accordance with General Assembly resolution 35/13 B of 3 November 1980, and to give due consideration to the provisions of that resolution;
Strengthening the capacity of public administration to implement the United Nations Millennium Declaration
Even according to the criteria of developing countries, Burkina Faso is also a very poor country, which is described below, in the annex to the United Nations system, in order to bridge the gap between the various initiatives.
Does your country have been subject to the list of individuals listed in their entry into force or in transit?
Another speaker said that it was time to make greater efforts to promote the wide range of United Nations work.
Environmental regulation 4
Financial incentives: grant, credit subsidies and preferential price insurance; financial incentives: exemption, reduction or cancellation of taxes on profits, capital, sale and export; other incentives, such as infrastructure subsidies and public facilities.
In particular, the implementation of the cluster development programme should be borne in mind:
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions raised the same recommendation (A/58/7/Add.5, paras. 7 and 11), which could save time for the discussion of proposals.
The scope of the activities during this period is broad.
The first budget document of the programme budget for the biennium 2000-2001 is the adoption of Economic and Social Council agreed conclusions 1997 and General Assembly resolution 52/100 of 12 December 1997, in which the Assembly requested the Committee for Programme and Budget to address all services, including the Committee for Programme and Coordination.
We cannot ignore the facts.
Israel does not stop the destruction of property, confiscation of land, arrest of thousands of Palestinian youth, closure roads, construction operations for Israeli settlements and all other measures to permit extremist entry into East Jerusalem.
Expressing its concern at the growing limitations of the Organization's ability to provide assistance and protection to civilians in accordance with the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations,
Stressing that the results-based management is a requirement for full implementation of the Tribunal's work and that the Tribunal's work should be invoked to make the expected results in due consideration of the strategy.
(k) Participation in the activities of the United Nations system: statements by the President of the General Assembly every year; participation in meetings of the Tribunal within the United Nations system.
Other five cases relate to seven accused; one accused, Nyakza case, one accused, one accused in Kamam, and one accused in Kajel, the media were three accused.
Following the request of the Tribunal, the Security Council adopted resolution 1431 (2002) by which 18 ad litem judges were approved.
With regard to other legal members, the Special Rapporteur also noted that the United States citizens of the United States citizens were arrested and sentenced to three years; the Australian citizen's National Security Service was arrested and sentenced to three years; the arrest of the Chinese National Security Board of National Security and the publication of articles 16 of the Chinese National Security Service on the situation in China's choice and the publication of a sentence of article 16 of the Chinese National Security Council in Hong Kong.
The Special Rapporteur wishes to remind the authorities of the United States that the responsibility of the parties to the fight against Islam and the hostility of Arab phenomena would be borne by the United States authorities.
The Special Rapporteur emphasizes the serious nature of these allegations, noting that this has not been the first communication on such incidents, and he regretted that the Government had not responded to his communications.
The concept of freedom of information is itself an important element of the most fundamental human rights, namely, the right to freedom of opinion and expression.
This year, we will be able to achieve our greatest wishes, namely, to join the European Union.
We understand that the United Nations must become the bases of the Global Counter-Terrorism coalition.
I am confident that, before trying to modernize the United Nations instruments, serious analysis and careful judgement must be conducted first.
The authorities have been established, as in the case of the car is at the same time.
These indicators enable States to monitor national objectives and plans to improve reproductive health services and child health.
Following the adoption of that resolution, the representative of the United States of America made a statement (see A/C.2/58/SR.40).
These tragic events have enabled the Special Rapporteur to make every effort within his mandate to ensure that the democratic culture of Iraq is firmly rooted in human rights and will bring to justice a serious and systematic human rights violations over the years.
Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.3/58/L.22 and A/C.3/58/L.58
The final guidelines for the enactment of the Mine Action Capacity-Building Project will be used for the entire period ( Goal 3.
The full text of the statement made during the discussion on agenda item 7 is contained in the text of the unedited verbatim transcripts (COPUOS/T.683-68).
The view was expressed that the United Nations should request the Commission of Experts convened by Unidroit to discuss the relationship between the Space Assets Protocol and the United Nations Treaty on Outer Space in order to avoid this issue at the same time.
Governments and private creditors associations involved in the Group of Eight have developed a series of model provisions.
The Rapporteur shall review whether the information contained contained in the report establishes whether the information contained therein gives rise to knowledge or suspicion of being involved in money-laundering.
The Panel will continue to carry out this mandate through its discussions at its meeting.
In this regard, the establishment of a pilot project for the United Nations international radio broadcasting capacity has been the subject of its due position.
Conclusion
With regard to technical assistance and advisory services, such activities are aimed at establishing capacity in the areas of trade and services, investment, trade promotion, commodities and external debt.
The President noted that, after consultation with the Council, the Council authorized him to make a statement on behalf of the Council and read out the text of the statement (for the text, see S/PRST/2003/18); it will be issued in Official Records of the Security Council, Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1 August 2003-31 July 2003).
Specific human rights and freedoms
Following the letter dated 27 November, the Secretary-General, following a letter dated 27 November, to the Prime Minister Sharon, continued to be awaiting the return of the Government of Israel to the investigation of Mr. Holmes and his staff of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA).
The text of the general recommendation of the Convention relating to interim measures (CEDAW/C/2004/L.1).
To be held on Tuesday, 14 October 2003, at 10.30 a.m.
The alternative B will have a serious negative impact on this process.
The website was operational in early 2003.
(c) Subparagraph (c)
The Security Council's mandate of the new United Nations Mission in Liberia must include a strong mandate for the protection of civilians and the promotion and protection of human rights.
The Security Council is meeting in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
In spite of the more urgent problems such as poverty, development and HIV/AIDS, Uganda agreed that France and Germany had agreed to have an impact on the issue of cloning.
The Inter-American Development Bank was established in December 1960, aimed at promoting the economic and social development of Latin America and the Caribbean.
There are a large number of institutions that provide financial assistance, advice or physical support.
“The measures aimed at identifying new, innovative sources of financing at the international level, including the private sector, to support the implementation of UNISPACE III's recommendations in developing countries”.
By 31 December 2002, only a half G-5 post is responsible for monitoring the health insurance scheme, a new post should be monitored in 2003.
In this amount, 1,1191,191 was the reserve for 2001 to be used to write off the amounts paid to implementing partners in 1994.
The subprogramme is expected to carry out its objectives and expected accomplishments under the following assumptions: (a) the assessment of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda at the national and local levels; (b) Member States willing to support the implementation of the Habitat Agenda monitoring mechanisms at the national and local levels; and (c) Member States wish to request technical advisory services to respond positively to the implementation of the Habitat Agenda and Programme of Action provided by UN-Habitat at the national and local levels.
Administrative support services
Some delegations announced their recent action to ratify relevant legislation to establish or reform procedures for refugee status, and other delegations reported steps to promote responsibility for the transfer of refugee status by UNHCR to national authorities.
Following the Algiers Conference, the African Union Commission had made it a high priority for the number of ratifications required.
Report of the secretariat of the Caribbean Community
States of the Commonwealth of Independent States have been facing massive international terrorism and extremism and believe that such evil and global threats are indivisible and cannot be protected from the “national building”.
The Islamic Development Bank adopted international accounting standards.
3 p.m. Closed meeting Conference Room B
Round table 5 Implementation of the agreements and commitments reached by the International Conference on Financing for Development and the achievement of internationally agreed development, in particular those contained in the United Nations Millennium Declaration
48th plenary meeting High-level Dialogue on the implementation of the outcome of the International Conference on Financing for Development [10 (b)]
Adopts the amendments to Regulation 98: 30 October 20031
There is no criminal responsibility for the children who have been separated from the age of 9.
In accordance with the Penal Code, there shall be a criminal responsibility for the transfer, sale and any other types of illegal transactions involving children.
Background
Staff and systems are not subject to multiple uses and “ time” issues.
Strongly condemns the increasing involvement of personnel involved in humanitarian operations, including the murder, rape and sexual violations, intimidation, armed robbery, abduction, arrests and detention, as well as attacks on humanitarian transport teams and looting of their property;
At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/58/L.4 without a vote (see para. 32, draft resolution II).
consumer goods
The purpose of the Treaty to establish a strict or objective system of liability is only to deal with extreme dangers.
In such cases, the injured party is the entire country.
It is necessary to make a choice between the laws of the State that have been approved.
“A Cadizar case (1979) shows the approach taken by the Court to measure damage to the environment.
The Indian company's Indian company is also unlikely to have voluntary liability.
(i) Act No. 35 (2003) on the prohibition of money-laundering (2003), which provides that financial institutions and other industries involving financial transactions ( banks, currency exchange, financial companies, insurance companies and real estate companies):
The Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (the Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention) is responsible for the following work programme.
Other operational activities will also be carried out, such as criminal justice reform, in particular juvenile justice and prison reform.
The situation in the Middle East
As the Chairman of the Committee of Public Information, I will ensure that I will cooperate fully with all efforts to better disseminate the work of the General Assembly for the benefit of ordinary people.
Culture of peace
Philippines
Recognizing further that crime prevention strategies and action should be based on a wide range of, gender awareness and multidisciplinary knowledge that have proven and successful practices,
General Assembly resolution 56/261, annex, section VIII.
Claimant's name: Ltd. Ltd. Ltd. Ltd.
They also called for measures to ensure that armed elements are separated from civilian refugees and to improve the registration of refugees.
In addition, the Russian Federation agreed with the Secretary-General's view that it would be preferable to discuss in-depth discussions on globalization.
International mining and metals Council
Provisional agenda and documentation for the second session of the Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues
The illicit brokering played a crucial role in facilitating the transfer of arms to those groups that could not be purchased by legitimate means; they have affected States and groups, rebels and terrorists.
My delegation would therefore like to commend your predecessor, Mr. President, Mr. President, for the modalities of the work of the Committee during the fifty-seventh session.
• Decentralization
• International Law Institute — Africa's Legal Centre (Uganda)
The World Bank, in India's experience, has shown that the culture of decentralization of governance in the form of SAMT (SART, moral, accountable and transparent) is how to use the Internet to reform reforms such as the “the Integrated Information Centre” and the contract registration figures.
Calls upon States, non-governmental organizations and non-governmental organizations to mobilize all necessary resources and support to make every effort to achieve the goals, strategies and actions set out in the Beijing Platform for Action and the Programme of Action;
The Coalition Agreement points out that the Government will take a decision on whether a government entity/sector entity/ sector to deal with self-government matters and will take a decision on the issue of the holding of a referendum on autonomy.
Improving their conditions has been seen as the primary political priorities.
To that end, incentives must be strengthened.
The benefit programme is based on the principle of equal opportunities.
The core mandate is to establish a systematic and integrated monitoring and reporting network that provides objective, regular and accurate reports on incidents of violations of children.
Human rights and development
At least one member may be a universally recognized representative of indigenous peoples.
In that regard, the seminar had been instrumental, including one British representative attended the seminar, and he was personally aware of the real idea of Anguilla's choice of self-determination.
It should be requested to prepare a special summary of the thematic corporations on the Millennium Development Goals: UNFPA (women's reproductive health), the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (E/CN.4/2000), the Refugee Commissioner (UNHCR) and the Ministry of Social Affairs (health) and the Ministry of Economic and Social Affairs (WHO) and UNIFEM (education) and UNIFEM (education) and UNIFEM (education) and UNIFEM.
(vii) Encourage and support increased coordination and cooperation between United Nations entities, donors, civil society and Governments to maximize the benefits and support for gender mainstreaming and the advancement of women.
Discussions were discussed on how to support negotiations on environmental commodities and services currently being undertaken by the WTO.
The Group of 77 and China expressed its appreciation for the ideas and support made during the session to address these issues, in particular the recognition of the need to enhance competitiveness, diversification and increasing their value.
The WTO secretariat and relevant international organizations participated in all four meetings, entitled “Regional Conference on Competition Law and Policy in Latin America and the Caribbean”, held in Panama from 21 to 23 March 2002.
As financial management, the Indonesian Bank requested the banks to report suspicious transactions to it and to impose administrative sanctions against non-compliance with the reporting provisions.
MAL 16 (3) (3)
The programme is based on objective and in-depth assessment of the country's needs and recognizes the most effective needs to be met through interregional and/or regional initiatives and exchanges.
This is the decision by the Executive Board of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation in the general management process, which provides a comprehensive leadership foundation for the provision of technical and financial services related to the Foundation.
Ways and means of maintaining outer space for peaceful purposes
Costa Rica
The registration rules under the Registration Convention are fully applicable to aerospace objects, as provided for in the Registration Convention.
After two years' discussions, the views of States had been expressed, but it could not be said to explore how to build new bridges between them.
His delegation hoped that international consensus on that issue would be necessary if it was necessary to vote, and would support the proposal of Belgium.
Therefore, we believe that the Security Council formally heard the views, observations and recommendations made by the General Assembly on the report of the Council.
We hope that the Assembly's consideration of the report will provide useful feedback to the Council in its future to improve its work.
Annual year
Implementation of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights
Annex II
Expressing its grave concern that the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty has not yet entered into force,
Notes that the third and possible fourth meetings of the Preparatory Committee for the 2005 Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons should make every effort to submit to the Review Conference a report containing the recommendations and results of its consideration and outcome;
A/57/474, A/57/37 and Corr.1 and A/57/423.
Welcomes the signing or accession of a number of States to the Convention, and notes the report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention (E/CN.4/2003/8);
The team met with the plant, asked for matters relating to the construction and production of the oil plant ownership, adjacent to some of the north (Nor Gagas).
The people of Colombia support the Government's efforts to safeguard the territorial control of the territory, to combat the sovereignty of States, combat drug trafficking, organized crime and corruption, strengthen justice and promote social development in the areas of poverty and armed conflict.
Australia.
See A/58/229.
The present chapter sets out the process and outlines a number of potential ideas relating to voluntary guidelines.
In paragraph 10 of the Declaration, Governments also called for the formulation of a set of voluntary guidelines for the purpose of a “Intergovernmental Working Group”.
The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights noted that, in accordance with article 55 of the Charter of the United Nations and the principles of international law, international cooperation for the development of economic, social and cultural rights is a duty of all States.
Question:
It will be responsible for the effective use of the lease assets to oversee the implementation of the rental contract; to ensure compliance with established flight standards; to liaise with national aviation authorities on air traffic control, adequate navigation assistance and services.
Notes
In its resolution 56/33 of 19 December 2001 and 57/20 of 18 December 2002, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to prepare a comprehensive report on international cooperation based on non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity, taking into account the views of Member States on the United Nations in the field of human rights.
However, in that regard, it was recalled that, in order to be acceptable by States, such laws must be properly balanced in the treatment of special priority creditors, secured creditors and unsecured creditors.
At its 1st meeting, the President made a statement on the organization of work (see A/AC.109/2002/SR.1).
Requests the Rapporteur to report to the Special Committee on the implementation of the present resolution in 2003;
“In addition to the widespread problems faced by developing countries, many of the remaining small island Territories, many of them are small island Territories, such as their small size, geographical distribution, vulnerability to natural disasters, transport and communications, the lack of financial constraints, the weak supply of freshwater, high-profile sources of energy, the supply of high-profile and large-scale, high-profile sources of energy, the supply of water, the local technology centres, the local technological forces, the environment, the environment, the supply of natural resources, and the local technology, particularly large, particularly large, the private technology, the large-scale infrastructure, particularly large-scale and the large-scale, particularly large-scale, large number of natural resources from natural resources from natural disasters, the large number of natural resources that are, particularly large-scale, large-scale, particularly significant, large-scale, large-scale, large-scale, large-scale, large-scale depletion of the large-scale depletion of natural resources, large-scale depletion of the large number of natural resources that are not high-scale depletion of natural resources that are, particularly heavy dependence on natural resources that are, particularly difficult sources of the large-
I can certainly like to say that the seminar brought a real hope for the Pacific people, namely, that the United Nations will participate in dialogue with the administering Powers.
In particular, the representative of Tokelau, speaking on behalf of the people of Tokelau, said that the work of the Special Committee had been successful owing to the creation of “humanism”, the work of the Special Committee.
The activities will result in a wide range of effects, most notably projects for the best use of resources, planning and implementation of nuclear power stations, monitoring their operations and improved skills.
The Congolese men who are not required and married to join the woman's nationality.
As infrastructure and other social services institutions are fully damaged, rural livelihoods are unable to maintain, and agricultural activities are not being carried out, while the recent return of millions of refugees has increased.
With regard to the second index, Member States' outstanding assessed contributions, while at the end of 2002, at the end of 2002.
The representative of Mexico referred to the National Strategy for Development and Sustainable Development of the country, which was based on the strategy to protect land and the marine environment.
In addition to television and film, young people are also able to see violence?
UNHCR has also provided urgent support to the water system in the area of return to refugees and internally displaced persons in the areas of the Al-Haya and around.
Support
Latin America
Emphasizes the crucial importance of the speedy entry into force of the remaining Protocols to the Convention;
The focus on forest management must not only take into account gender differences in needs and priorities, but also to ensure that women have equal access to the right and rights to participate, and that they can benefit from forest resources.
Report of the President of the Fourth Meeting of the States Parties on the draft report on the preparations for the Conference
Article 8
Steps 13: further development of the necessary verification capacity to ensure that all parties comply with nuclear disarmament agreements, thus establishing and maintain a world free of nuclear weapons.
Annex to the letter dated 8 October 2003 from the Permanent Representative of Luxembourg to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Counter-Terrorism Committee
The observer of the Inter-American Association of Non-Governmental Organizations said that discrimination in the judicial system was not only a problem of poverty, since the middle of African descent or rich in the administration of justice.
Counter-Terrorism Committee and for the Status of Peace, New York
The United Nations will make every effort to assist Mr. Kouchner and his Government in implementing the road map.
“25. Takes note of the need for further consideration of the question of the enjoyment of the rights provided by the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, as well as the need to further develop indicators and benchmarks to measure progress made by States parties in implementing the rights protected by the Covenant.
It was also noted that the time period of time limits were inconsistent with some exceptions to the security right, i.e. a matter of priority (e.g. the time for the creation of a security right).
With regard to other issues addressed in Chapter VII, a number of recommendations were made.
An independent assessment of projects and programmes will be carried out in accordance with the agreements reached between beneficiaries and donors.
The most urgent task is to strengthen the Palestinian economy to move away from the long-term dependence and visibility of Israel's economy.
Coordination, programme and other issues
Combined second periodic report of Morocco (CEDAW/C/MOR/2 and CEDAW/CRP.2/Add.3)
Ms. Belmihoub-Zerdani said that there were 35 women in the Parliament that were not only the victory of Moroccan women, but also the victory of Muslim women; the expansion of all women.
Provisional agenda for the Ad Hoc Committee
Last week, the occupying forces attacked the town of Beit, north of the Gaza Strip, killing Palestinians and destroyed property, including several housing.
States are reluctant to freeze physical assets such as enterprises or property, which will further be complicated.
Of the 272 individuals, there were little known whereabouts.
The inclusion of persons in the world cannot be control over the actions of the list, which enable them to continue to obtain and manipulate their business assets or to avoid the implementation of measures imposed by resolutions 1390 and 1455 (2003).
It appears that further challenges would be expected to be difficult.
The unique form and causes of the crisis related to HIV/AIDS in Southern Africa, as well as the situation in Iraq, have led the United Nations to clearly identify its humanitarian roles and responsibilities in such cases.
The present report sets out areas of implementation and international support for the New Partnership and challenges and obstacles to progress achieved.
Guam is a duty-free port for facilitating the transport of the original materials.
The further development of the process leading to determining the future status of Kosovo will depend on the positive results of the comprehensive review.
Following a statement made by the Government of the Republic of Serbia that the present form is unacceptable, the Kosovo Serb leaders are also maintained with the document.
Now, we need to support these mechanisms and provide the necessary resources.
How can it be proved that the reference to resolution 1244 (1999), the Constitutional Framework and other applicable law and the original criteria/ benchmarks be deleted?
The families and local communities are always aware of the fact that they have different values and targets on forests.
The capacity of implementing the required programme functions was strengthened to improve the effectiveness of the advocacy efforts and the strengthening of national programmes: Armenia, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Georgia, Jamaica, Moldova, Papua New Guinea and Turkmenistan.
Programme support
c Includes the net support estimates for $128.5 million from regular resources and $136.4 million funded by other resources and trust funds (see table 1).
[without reference to a Main Committee (A/57/L.45 and Add.1)]
Third Committee
In the course of the proceedings, the Constitutional Court had appealed to the Constitutional Court in order to establish a public vehicle and trucks in the capital, to be separated from the capital, and to destroy the Supreme Court.
These sanctions have entered into force on 7 July 2003.
Kosovo ( Federal Republic of Yugoslavia/Serbia and Montenegro)
Resolutions adopted
15 and 21 August 2002
(Thousands of United States dollars)
The visit was officially beginning on 27 November 2002.
At its 19th meeting, on 6 June 2003, the Committee decided to review a quarterly review of the travel ban lists and to retain three names from the list.
Add the following countries to the list of sponsors of the draft resolution:
Recommendation (22)
Since the end of the cold war, five nuclear-weapon States have significantly reduced their nuclear arsenals, but others have no full compliance with non-proliferation obligations, and the proliferation of nuclear, chemical and chemical weapons and the potential to fall into the hands of terrorists.
The Russian Federation will support any form of political and diplomatic negotiations to address the crisis.
On 31 July, Thailand, in advance of all two years, has also completed the IMF loans.
To that future, Thailand is doing its own efforts and will continue to do so.
(e) Preventing the recruitment of members of terrorist groups;
2 to 5 March 2004
This phase will begin in the first quarter of 2005 and end to the fourth quarter of 2005.
Institutions
UNAMI's core team will lead to operations for the eventual deployment of UNAMI to Iraq and coordinate United Nations agencies' activities and provide guidance to them.
In accordance with paragraphs 4 (b) and paragraph 1 (a) of resolution 1267 (1999) and paragraph 2 (a)), States shall freeze the funds and other financial resources or economic resources derived from the list without delay, including funds derived from the possession or direct control of persons or persons acting under their instructions, and ensure that any funds derived from property derived from the possession or direct control of their own or direct control of property derived from their own nationals or their own territory.
Kenya is seriously seized of the challenge.
The implementation of the plan will promote our common desire to strengthen democracy, not only in the sense of rule and domination, but also in all inter-ethnic relations.
We believe that the United Nations must play a practical role in promoting and strengthening global democracies and the creation of a secure environment for peace, prosperity and sustainable development.
The regional structure is not conducive to the creation of sufficient employment to absorb the economically active population annually.
30 November 2003
One solution is to the provision that diplomatic protection is complementary to the special regime of investment protection or protection of human rights protection, but it must be adopted, based on a binding decision on judicial decisions or arbitration.
His delegation was of the view that the best option was to assume civil liability by the perpetrators and the remaining liability of the State.
With regard to the topic of legal systems that have been shared by transboundary harm caused by transboundary damage, the continuation of the draft articles on prevention is being reasonable.
** Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/57/6/Rev.1).
(c) Despite the potential economic recession and financial crises that are likely to occur during the biennium, industry related to space-related industries will continue to grow.
Second Committee
Recommendation 7
Action: The workshop on trade and environmental capacity-building organized in Singapore on 16 May 2002 and the WTO Regional Workshop on Trade and Environment.
Expresses its concern at the delay experienced by the Secretary-General in deploying and providing adequate resources to some recent peacekeeping missions, in particular those in Africa;
Particular attention must be given to the preparations for the High-level Dialogue involving the participation of the public sector and civil society representatives.
(e) The Donald Mana Garar, Ministry of Justice, subsequently joined the Working Group.
Eastern Mediterranean Division (non-paper)
They also stressed the urgent need to address outstanding issues within the framework of the OPCW in order to pave the way for the effective, full and non-discriminatory implementation of the Convention.
Most of the production of developing countries may also be concentrated in some small and medium-sized enterprises.
As indicated in document DP/2002/3, UNOPS has completed its implementation.
The open debate on these issues needs to be informed because they have broad implications.
The National Forest Programme Services project was chaired by FAO and supported by many donors and developing countries.
In the fourth round of balloting ( third round of balloting), Poland had access to the necessary two-thirds majority of the members of the Economic and Social Council, a three-year term beginning on 1 January 2004.
Additional sponsors
Provisional agenda [A C E F R S]
Endorses the Committee's recommendation that the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, at its forty-first session, taking into account the concerns of all States, in particular developing countries, should:
Any person within the jurisdiction of the United States has been found that there is serious violations of civil and/or criminal penalties for individuals and entities that have not been frozen in the territory of the United States.
Does your country have been subject to the list of individuals listed in their entry into force or in transit?
- Law No. 4/208 on Prevention of Money Laundering (e.g. cases involving money-laundering).
Article 4, paragraph 1, of the Convention, requests all Parties to inform the COP of information.
Economic impact assessment
Kenya introduced the aim of strengthening legal measures for general waste management and various waste management activities, including waste collection activities.
Belize indicated that the rise in sea-level sea-level rise might not be less than 6 per cent of the coastal zone, thus threatening freshwater supply to its population.
Introduction
In July 2003, Malaysia joined the International Court of Justice to deal with disputes relating to the sovereignty of the Piracy/Patid, M. R. R. and South Led.
In view of that situation, a careful effort is being made to remedy the deterioration of the conservation and management of fisheries, and to ensure the long-term maintenance of fish groups, bearing in mind that the international community urges the international community to maintain or restore the level of fish stocks to the maximum of sustainable fishing by 2015.
In 2002, the GEF Board approved the item entitled “Report of the National Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the Northern Ocean”.
Establishment of a new inter-agency consultation mechanism
The Special Rapporteur had received numerous reports that mercenaries were involved in Colombia's armed conflict, mainly in relation to drug cartels, but also related to paramilitary groups and private oil companies.
Secondly, if any amendments to the Convention are to be made more effective to prosecute acts of mercenaries and internationally wrongful acts, the recommendations and mechanisms should be developed.
In the context of the country, as a whole landlocked country, Burundi has developed a temporary strategic framework for the development of economic and combating poverty.
This dialogue is a major step towards the benchmarks of the normalization and implementation of the Stabilization and Association Process in Kosovo.
My Government supports the process.
Item 128 of the provisional rules of procedure of the United Nations
As mandated by the Council, the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission has provided a wide range of support and services to the country in the return of United Nations agencies.
Mr. Brand: Members will be able to make my full text, and a briefing on our work.
We also have already begun to provide safe therapy throughout all, and we believe that this is being playing a role.
Note by the provisional agenda
To date, the Special Rapporteur has received no reply from the Government of the Government on the appeal issued by the order.
As a result of numerous expertise on demand reduction in academic institutions and non-governmental organizations, UNDCP is essential to mobilize such expertise to support planning and implementation of the comprehensive programme of work.
(art.
Document of the Framework for Explosive Remnants of War
At its 59th meeting, on 13 January 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted the following agenda:
(e) Develop strategies to enhance access to ICT hardware and software costs through tariff incentives and encouragement and further development;
At its 7th meeting, the Committee heard an introductory statement by the representatives of UNCTAD's Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development Division.
At the same meeting, the elected Chairman made a statement.
Another participant expressed the view that the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation provided a source of facilities for the various needs.
Other participants felt that, under the Johannesburg Plan of Implementation, the UNEP Governing Council decision 22/4 I of UNEP had a clear mandate for the elaboration of a Strategic Approach to Chemicals Management.
He said that such companies had been engaged in capacity-building in the form of training workers to ensure that the use of best available technologies, but that such activities needed support from Governments and needed appropriate political and legal frameworks.
This is likely to be further enriched.
In addition, the Charter has provided the Organization with various types of measures to be imposed on a peaceful settlement of conflicts under Chapter VI.
What we need to do?
First, I would like to express our sympathy with the Government and the people of Pakistan, on the tragic events of 19 August, resulting in the death of Sergio Vieira de Mello and his colleagues, United Nations civil servants.
They could not only provide troops to peacekeeping operations but also be able to participate in many other specific features, their foreign policy and their political arrangements.
Not all threats to international peace and security require United Nations peacekeeping operations.
Table 5. Percentage distribution of resources by component
The programme of work is based on subprogramme 3 of the revised medium-term plan for the period 2002-2005.
Seven African least developed countries are concerned at the outcome of the thirty-eighth session of the UNCTAD Board on Least Developed Countries.
Mr. Chowdhury (France) (spoke in French): Allow me also to express our gratitude to Mr. Kerim for his very meaningful statement, and I believe that his statement contains very important information and figures.
The audit shall be carried out in accordance with the established common audit guidelines, except with a special instruction of the General Assembly, and shall be subject to the supplementary mandate contained in the annex to the present Regulations.
I believe that the Assembly wishes to do likewise?
“Welcoming the current entry into force of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco), which has been formally endorsed by the 18th meeting of the European Union, which has been held in Havana on 5 and 6 November 2003; and also notes the outcome of the meeting of the General Assembly, including the Havana Declaration adopted by the General Assembly at its 18th meeting, on 5 and 6 November 2003;
May I take it that the Assembly wishes to do the same?
The final report of the Group of Experts on the Illegal Exploitation of Natural Resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (S/2002/1146), issued in October 2002, has been endorsed by Security Council resolution 1457 (2003) and has again raised the issue of the link between resources and human rights violations.
In Kisangani, the Special Rapporteur took note of a number of cases: Mr. Bacis and his family members were victims of persecution by the Congolese authorities and their families; he had been arrested and killed; he had asked MONUC to ensure the protection of civilians.
He believed that the visit had made clear that the Government had strengthened cooperation with the United Nations in the field of human rights.
Legal guarantees of detention
One year later, the United Nations adopted resolutions on small arms, which became a resolution of the Economic Community of West African States on assistance to States in curbing the illicit movement and destruction of small arms and light weapons.
In short, the embargo has been deliberately violated and has been taken.
The President (spoke in French): I thank the representative of Sierra Leone for his kind words addressed to me.
We hope that the Council will present this idea under your auspices and to address this issue in other regional organizations.
We regularly hold staff consultations and, on the ground, I have mentioned Kosovo, where OSCE missions are part of UNMIK.
The President (spoke in Spanish): I thank the Chairman of the Committee of the African Union Commission and the Minister for Foreign Affairs of South Africa for the kind words addressed to me.
The high-level officials from the African Union, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and the Southern African Development Community (SADC).
“26. Encourages all Governments, international organizations, including the United Nations, the private sector, civil society and other stakeholders to integrate a gender perspective in planning and monitoring the CCA, the United Nations Development Assistance Framework, PRSPs and the Millennium Development Goals reports;
Germany indicated its support for the New Partnership for Africa's Development and its commitment to other measures within the framework of trade liberalization, debt burden and the Group of Eight Action.
His delegation also stated that the future programme of work of the Authority had to be carried out in an appropriate manner to ensure that environmental emergencies were not covered by document ISBA/6/C/12.
Through the work of the special procedures, treaty bodies and minority groups, the Working Group on Minorities found many problems faced by minorities and minorities, which could result in disputes and conflict.
The activities of the Working Group are very valuable, not only because it has a depth of its discussions, but since it promoted the changing practices and procedures of the Council.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives (A/58/219, A/58/127, A/58/337, A/58/337, A/58/334, A/58/333, A/58/333, A/58/333, A/58/333, A/58/333, A/58/333, A/58/333, A/58/323, A/58/323, A/58/323, A/58/323, A/58/3393 and A/58/421)
Informal consultations on the draft resolution entitled “International assistance and cooperation to the Alliance for Sustainable Development” (agenda item 40 (b) (organized by the Permanent Mission of Panama (on behalf of the Central American Group)
At the time of the World Summit on the Information Society, the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues will be held in Geneva from 8 to 11 December 2003.
Human rights questions: implementation of human rights instruments
She asked whether the Committee wished to discuss these texts pending consultations.
There is no legislation.
Fifty-eighth session
Adoption of the agenda.
(e) To request development partners to make sufficient funding and support for the reform of the civil service system and efforts to harmonize the country.
(c) Replace operative paragraph 3 of the words “State and developing countries with economies in transition” with “and countries with economies in transition and countries with economies in transition and non-represented Member States that have not been represented or in general;
Subsequently, Romania joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Several initiatives that are being undertaken at the international level will be directly or indirectly in the formulation and adoption of a common data presentation.
Recent initiatives on the development of data-sharing model have been carried out in three separate projects.
The State Compensation Commission should ensure the speedy development of the reparation programme, while the Government should allocate sufficient funds to pay compensation.
The Ministerial Declaration adopted by the Fourth World Trade Organization Ministerial Conference, held in Doha in 2001, confirmed that the movement, placement and clearance of all goods, including transit goods, and the need to strengthen technical assistance and capacity-building in that area.
(e) To promote gender balance in all public offices and to take all appropriate measures to encourage political parties to ensure that women are free and equal opportunities;
Meeting of co-sponsors (agenda item 11 (b) (Third Committee) (Third Committee) (convened by the delegation of Norway)
Noting General Assembly resolution 56/160 of 19 December 2001 and Commission on Human Rights resolution 2002/35 of 22 April 2002,
To that end, efforts to ensure that scientific progress can benefit from individuals and develop, in respect of fundamental human rights, in the context of respecting fundamental human rights,
See chap. ]
Requests the Special Rapporteur on violence against women to continue to review the situation of women and children in Afghanistan and to report to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
The Mission, the Kosovo Force and the ICTY International Criminal Tribunal will ensure that the perpetrators of attacks and killings have been carried out in weeks ago and those responsible for crimes committed during armed conflict.
Encourages exploring innovative ways of creating new public and private sources of financing for development, provided that those sources will not cause unnecessary burdens for developing countries and notes the proposal referred to in paragraph 44 of the Monterrey Consensus on the allocation of special title to development;
In accordance with international agreements concluded by Kazakhstan, foreign and stateless persons outside the Republic of Kazakhstan may be extradited to a foreign trial or a sentence.
It was agreed that the need to resume multilateral trade negotiations as soon as possible.
The parties must enter into negotiations to establish a lasting peace and allow both two States and an independent, viable and democratic Palestinian State to live side within the framework of the Madrid and Oslo resolutions adopted by the Security Council.
States of origin;
It also provides data and analysis and the outline of sources and systems that the United Nations country team can ensure that results are responsible and summarized lessons learned.
The system is based on results and is better consistent with UNDP's focus on learning and knowledge.
In that connection, under paragraph 3, of article 31 of the Vienna Convention, the provisions relating to the relationship between the two Parties have not been applied: “In this case, the consequences of the withdrawal of a reservation arising from the relationship between the reserving State and the objecting State are extended to the scope of application of the treaty”.
In accordance with its resolution entitled “Space Millennium: Vienna Declaration on Space and Human Development”, the mandate of the Action Team relates to the implementation of a comprehensive global system, in particular through international cooperation to manage natural disasters, disaster relief and disaster management, through the use of Earth observation, communications and other space services, and the use of existing capacities and global coverage.
Dr. Ocampo has received some 50 honour degrees issued by the specialized agencies, such as the H.E. H.E. Mr. Benbert, the University of Washington, D.C., and a number of awards issued by the Department of General Assembly at Washington, D.C.J.E. Mr. St. Petersburg, the World's Day of Solidarity, the General Assembly of the United Nations.
Agenda item 57
(a) The unit shall not exceed one week of the total military expenditures.
The Ministry of Labour, Social Solidarity and Family, through its Equal Opportunities Service, has developed strategies and policy mechanisms to promote the equality of women and men and eliminate all forms of discrimination.
With regard to the use of timber, gas and fuel, decision 811/2002 of the decision to approve the “social programme” approved by the decision of the Government of decision 811/2002 to increase the heating grant from 2500,000/June/June.
A/47/444, annex.
The General Assembly,
Water and sanitation
In Barbados, UNDP shared costs with other aspects to develop a regional disaster management strategy for the Caribbean and to strengthen the Caribbean Emergency Response Agency.
The important achievements made by the United Nations Development Group over the past year include the concerns of the General Assembly in its resolution 56/201 and the revision of the CCA and the United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF).
Table 2 Contributions received by UNDP
Article 67
In that connection, the Working Group agreed to retain the term “ interactive applications” (see A/CN.9/546, para.
Approves the following provisional agenda for the eleventh session of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, which was finalized by the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its twelfth session:
(a) Employment: flexible approaches to employment in different locations;
However, it also stressed that some weaknesses, such as identifying individual purposes and objectives of the organizations.
The Civil Service Commission noted that the private sector had been much more attractive than the United Nations staff who had received compensation for employees at difficult duty stations.
One member maintains that the competent State company is not in the public/non-profit sector, since the other sub-offices do not include employers involved in the exploitation activities.
Most members welcomed the proposed changes to the classification law of duty stations.
While the members of the Committee and representatives of organizations participating in the Working Group have endorsed the proposal for the use of other data-collection methods, representatives of the staff associations expressed the view that data collection should be completed through field interviews, but in certain cases, local salary commissions would be able or necessary to decide to adopt other methods.
Afghanistan, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, the Central African Republic, Costa Rica, Côte d'Ivoire, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Ecuador, Cyprus, the Dominican Republic, Guatemala, Italy, Mexico, Latvia, Kuwait, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Ukraine, the United States of America, Ukraine, the United States of America, the United States of America, Ukraine, the United States of America, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine, Ukraine, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Zambia.
(i) Advisory services: strengthening capacity-building at the request of Governments to strengthen national level mechanisms to enhance women's participation in development and mainstream gender perspectives in national policies and programmes, focusing on women's effective integration into the overall development support mechanism;
Amendment to the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and Their Disposal, Geneva, 22 September 1995
Fifty-fifth session
[A State]
With regard to the possibility of compensation and the verification and valuation of these costs, the Panel adopts the practice referred to in paragraph 108 of the First “E4” report, in particular reference to paragraph 113 of paragraph 113 of the “E4” report, which states that any claim is not reflected in section 113 of the report.
These proposals were circulated and discussed in a number of follow-up dialogue held at the International Commercial Forum and in the Monterrey Conference.
It was long recognized that the need to be shared with the experience of practice was needed.
However, Algeria has accelerated its accession to the process of international legal treaties on human rights, following the shift in 1989 to several parties.
As a result of a relatively calm, the outbreak of demonstrations on the streets has been reduced, but the movement of the “the Licorne” force is often hampered.
- Nigeria has sought to provide secondary medical facilities;
An estimated 5 to 30 per cent of cluster munitions have no explosion after the launch or launch, and they are in the ground.
Assessment of the implementation of the current work plan
Report of the Secretary-General
Global Environment Facility: Note by the Administrator of the Second Global Environment Facility (DP/2003/4)
(b) The obligation of the detainees to compensate for the failure to be expected
Takes note of the activities undertaken by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization during the United Nations Year of Cultural Heritage;
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, in particular UNICEF and WHO, cooperate with Governments, and in consultation with indigenous peoples, in consultation with the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, and urges States to organize programmes for the rehabilitation of trafficking and sexual exploitation of indigenous girls.
The Forum recommends that UNICEF, UNESCO, WHO, ILO, UNIFEM, UNDP, UNFPA and other United Nations agencies coordinate closely with indigenous peoples in collaboration with Governments, as well as the experience of indigenous youth and children in multi-year subregional meetings held in Washington in 2001.
The Forum recommends that the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Human Settlements Programme submit to the Forum a report on policies and programmes in the field and participation in the dialogue of the Third Forum.
At the same meeting, statements were made by the representatives of the United States and organizations: the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO); the Latin American and Caribbean States;
Conclusion
Sierra Leone, Costa Rica, Nigeria, Venezuela and Côte d'Ivoire have ratified the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty; Cameroon signed the Treaty.
In urban security, the Office supports the upgrading of teaching facilities in the Brazilian National Police Academy.
Tuesday, 4 November 2003
International Partnerships Fund
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The related costs are listed under various types of expenditure: consultants ($422,000), travel ($1,016,000) and miscellaneous supplies, services and equipment ($505,000).
In addition, a large number of investigations have been carried out in recent years by UNMIK and the United Nations Mission in Support of UNMISET, where resident investigators are operating in missions.
Agenda item 15
Reiterates its support for the Peace Agreement, as well as the Dayton Agreement on the Implementation of the Federal Agreement on Bosnia and Herzegovina of 10 November 1995, and calls upon Parties to strictly comply with their obligations under the Agreement on the Implementation of the Peace Agreement and the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina;
Invites the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina to cooperate with the stabilization Force Force Commander, in the light of the responsibilities of the Stabilization Force in Bosnia and Herzegovina to ensure the effective management of its airspace;
Condemning the destruction of thousands of mines in Lebanese territories occupied by Israel, which caused and continues to lead to hundreds of deaths and substantial material losses.
Reaffirms that all relevant resolutions adopted by the Islamic Conference of the Islamic Conference have been adopted.
Recalls its previous resolutions on this issue, in particular the resolution 15/5-P (IS) of the fifth session of the Islamic Summit and the important provisions of the Dakar Declaration adopted at the sixth session of the Islamic Summit;
Requests the Secretary-General to follow up on the implementation of the present resolution and to report thereon at its thirty-first session.
Expresses its concern that multilateralism in the area of arms control, non-proliferation and disarmament continues to undermine the confidence and the foundations of international security and the United Nations system in its own capacity;
Takes note of the information provided by the Government of Guinea concerning violations of the border of the Republic of Guinea;
Resolution 1//30-E
Recognizes the challenges posed by the growing globalization and integration of the world economy and the establishment of a strong economic group;
Considering the economic difficulties of the transition to the free market economy;
Recalling its resolution 29/9-E (IS) adopted at the ninth Session of the Islamic Conference;
Recognizes the solemn commitment contained in the Charter of the Organization of the Islamic Conference to work together to safeguard and protect the objectives and principles of Islamic heritage;
The Conference approved the decisions and resolutions of these seminars.
Requests the international community, in particular the relevant United Nations bodies, to undertake positive scientific research on sea-level rise and its social and economic impacts to protect wildlife in coastal regions and countries.
The Thirty-second Session of the Islamic Republic of Iran (Session of Solidarity and Dialogue), held in Tehran, from 27 to 29 March (2003) of 28 to 30 May 2003,
Agenda item 93: Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
The concession is only involved in the application of the concession alone.
In addition, the Royal Bank of Jordan promulgated a notification dated 9 March (2003) on 9 March (2003) to emphasize the importance of implementing the provisions of article 93 of the Bank Law on Money Laundering (No. 285) and the directives for combating money-laundering (art.
This preliminary report contains a broad framework for the prevention of laws and practical issues related to the use of small arms and light weapons violations.
In addition, the European Convention on Human Rights provides protection to members of indigenous peoples, which recently adopted Protocol 12 to expand non-discriminatory guarantees.
Noting the rapid increase in the number of global road traffic, injury and disability,
At its 1st meeting, on 27 January 2003, the Working Group elected, by acclamation, Mr. Jean-Marc (Belgium) and Mr. E-Apenteng (Ghana) as Vice-Chairman.
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on “Strengthening global public health capacity-building” (item 61) will be held on 19 September 2003, from 3 to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 3.
Literacy
Welcomes the establishment of the Constitutional Drafting Committee and the current process of establishing a new constitution, and stressing the need for the international obligations of Afghanistan to be included in the new Constitution, as well as the full participation of the Constituent Assembly in all preparations and the holding of the Constituent Assembly itself;
The members of the Council welcomed the progress made in the implementation of the Linas-Marcoussis Agreement by the Prime Minister of the State to submit a draft programme to the National Assembly for the implementation of that Agreement, once again expressed its appreciation for the efforts made by the French forces and ECOWAS forces in Côte d'Ivoire.
The role of diamonds in fuelling conflict
See Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.93.I.8 and corrigenda), vol. I: Resolutions adopted by the Conference, resolution 1, annex II.
Duties of the Secretariat
Resolution adopted by the General Assembly
The President of the Transition and the Prime Minister, at the same day, took office on 3 October.
With regard to Sierra Leone, the delegation of the Security Council has made the following recommendations: (a) the Government should intensify its efforts to develop the capacity of the Sierra Leone Armed Forces and police in order to guarantee security; (b) the Security Council should recognize the importance of the links between peace and security in the subregion and the Mano River Union; (c) the efforts of the United Nations system to consolidate peace and security in Sierra Leone; (d)
New Zealand, Australia and Canada agreed that the changes made in the report could not be avoided and accepted the reasons for inflation in non-post expenditure for 2002 should be accepted for an increase of $9.9 million in actual vacancy rates.
The Committee also urges the Special Rapporteur to draw the attention of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to the situation of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, or to prevent further deterioration.
The Special Rapporteur is increasingly concerned about the new situation in Côte d'Ivoire.
However, the situation is not the case.
“The fact that Haiti has been expressly authorized to vote until the Committee on Contributions has made its views.
Agenda item 114: Improving the financial situation of the United Nations (continued)
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General;
Further reaffirms the Declaration of Principles of International Law on Friendly Relations and Cooperation among States under the Charter of the United Nations,
The increase of $3,032,322 personnel is an integral part of the two contingents provided by the 12 disarmament, demobilization, repatriation, resettlement and reintegration centres.
In addition, there will be a need to provide air tools for the deployment of two highly mobile contingents, each contingent will have the capacity of air transport at any operational location.
The key to the fight against terrorism is the promotion of mutual understanding and tolerance among civilizations, reducing poverty and inequality and eliminating oppression.
Mr. Nesi (Italy), speaking on behalf of the European Union, the acceding countries Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Slovakia and Slovenia, the associated countries Bulgaria, Romania and Turkey and Liechtenstein.
I would also like to congratulate your predecessor — Ambassador of France — for addressing this very difficult position.
Unfortunately, in the face of the persistence of weak behaviour throughout the world, as the recent events of 120 people have taken place, as we have recently taken place, we have reminded us of how we have demonstrated, and how much more and more effective international cooperation.
The Republic of Yemen is satisfied that the international community recognizes the seriousness of the problem.
We are seeking guidance from the CTC with regard to the priorities and as Canada for donors and non-members of the Council.
This situation is also further understood that the political considerations of the parties may also be an impediment to measures that have a positive or counter-productive impact to local governments.
Commission on Human Rights
• Coordination with relevant agencies in order to promote follow-up studies on issues and references to them directly to them;
Part 1: What is the relevance, prospects of social capital, policy and policy ( coordination: United Kingdom National Statistics)
Letter dated 21 July 2003 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Venezuela to the United Nations addressed to the Chairman of the Committee
Assistance to the reconstruction and development of Djibouti
However, the majority of the countries of the EU directives did not have a statutory rule on the time of data collection, but some of the cases of the State had established criteria for the transfer of traditional rules to electronic environment.
It would be necessary to clarify whether access to suppliers' service providers are sufficient to determine whether the message received or the need to be made available to the addressee in its computer-processing data.
It should be noted that, as noted in the Guide to Enactment (para. 104), the Model Law “without reference to the question of liability for the information system.
The Heads of State of the Commonwealth of Independent States supported, inter alia, the announcement by the Republic of Belarus, the Russian Federation and Ukraine on 26 April as a joint proposal to commemorate the International Day of Radioactive accidents and disaster victims.
I am now pleased to request the representative of the Russian Federation, Ambassador Denisov, Ambassador Denisov, to the representative of the Russian Federation.
At its 6th plenary meeting, on 28 February 2003, the Ad Hoc Committee adopted its report containing the draft articles on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property (see annex I).
Article 9
Article 51 of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations of 1961 and article 55 of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations, which states that all individuals referred to in article 55 of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations are obliged to comply with the laws and regulations of the host country, including their compliance with the host country.
All funds provided by the UNFCCC Trust Fund have been used to finance the participation of the COP at its eighth session.
Social activity is an ongoing process of creating the world's continuous process.
• Government services;
I would like to urge the Council to request the effective implementation of the Pretoria Agreement to call on the establishment of a national Human Rights Watch and a chapter of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission to ensure that the voices of victims are fully and clear.
We note with satisfaction that the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Ms. Motoc, will be visited by the end of this month.
For example, MONUC is working together with all parties to build on the role of the Transitional Government on human rights?
However, much progress has been made so far, millions of Afghan refugees live in neighbouring countries, particularly in Iran and Pakistan.
Chairman's summary of the general debate (2003) of 1 October 2003
Action: The SBI will consider the oral report of the Chairman on the consultations and concluding conclusions on how to address the issue.
Background: The SBI considered the request of the Government of Croatia to consider forest management activities referred to in Article 3, paragraph 4, of the Kyoto Protocol at its sixteenth session, at its seventeenth session and at its eighteenth session.
Requests the Secretary-General, in coordination with the secretariat of the United Nations system, to make full use of the mechanisms of the Coordination Committee of the United Nations System Chief Executives Board for Coordination, with the effective support of the secretariat of the United Nations Secretariat, to prepare a comprehensive report on the successful experience of the International Conference on Financing for Development and on follow-up to those commitments and agreements, focusing on progress made in the areas of the Monterrey Consensus;
(1) Africa should allocate no less than two permanent seats, which are allocated to the decision of the Group of African States.
Institutionalization:
(c) notification
I should like to pay particular attention to the latest emergency appeals of UNRWA to provide important services for hundreds of thousands of Palestinians.
The Statistics Division will provide more technical interpretation of the limits of assessments.
Expresses its deep appreciation to the Government of Cuba for facilitating its sixth session to enable the Conference of the Parties to be held in Havana and to thank it for its generous facilities;
In addition, the occupying forces killed the eight-year-old Palestinian boys, Ali Al-Ghaid, and injured his brother, who were under six years of age.
In some cases, the recruitment level is lower than approved levels.
Pending the establishment of a workplan, the first cycle of deployment deployment roster was assessed, namely the planning and recruitment phase, the practical implementation of the mechanism and lessons learned.
Does extradition and mutual assistance are in a certain extent to which legislation is regulated?
Subparagraph (d) and (e)
The Committee encourages the State party to discuss, prior to its submission of its second periodic report, discussions with non-governmental organizations and other members of civil society.
The administration of the internal affairs is responsible for the decision to expel Turkmenistan.
The Security Council resumed its consideration of the item at its 815th and 4816th meetings, held on 27 August 2003, in accordance with the understanding reached in its prior consultations.
Also decides that, in accordance with paragraph 16 and 17 above, the amount of $837,000 in the amount of USD 380,000 for the financial period ended 30 June 2002, in which Member States have reduced the staff assessment income under the financial period;
Documentation
The United Nations and the Security Council have conducted timely interventions to our countries.
Chairman: Mr. Kikini (Czech Republic)
It should be noted that the United States Air Force is entirely in accordance with a long-standing or separated discriminatory measures against the Arabs (whether the United States) and Muslims.
No.
The term “electronic record” has been selected, and it was felt that it was more neutral.
Question C: whether applicable to electronic or other transactions
Article 29
The Special Rapporteur has received considerable information.
In November 2003, the President of Pakistan ordered an investigation of the murder of a young woman who called Afenarat.
Through that resolution, the Security Council unanimously decided to establish a strengthened inspection system aimed at achieving a comprehensive and nuclear disarmament process.
The Government of Iran and the Government of Iraq is first concerned that, once a war will undoubtedly result in the humanitarian catastrophe of the people of Iraq, the influx of displaced persons and refugees.
It is absolutely imperative that the international community contained in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991), as contained in paragraph 14 of Security Council resolution 687 (1991), must not be limited to Iraq's decisions that have no weapons of mass destruction.
The law enforcement actions against trafficking at the national and international levels should include the inclusion of gender bias and corruption practices related to the relevant professional personnel.
The Committee, first focused on the composition, working methods, working methods and reporting of members of the Committee, and then adopted its terms of reference as orally revised.
New challenges and threats are being made.
Mexico once again recognizes its full confidence in the United Nations, through the use of all peaceful means and, inter alia, by strengthening the values generated by the Organization — which are more relevant in the current impasse.
In that process, we have not only strengthened the verification mechanism but also strengthen our ability to implement important mandates — to save our world from the scourge of war.
Does this is the allegations made by the United States of America at the previous meeting — many of the world have not agreed to the allegations of the United States — or that it is a matter of concern to the concept of Iraq's active cooperation?
The present report discusses how the International Decade and the United Nations Day contribute to promoting and promoting South-South cooperation, the internationally agreed development goals, in particular the goals set out in the Millennium Declaration.
UNMOVIC chemical teams
The EU reaffirms its support for General Assembly resolution 57/81, entitled “Peace consolidation in practical disarmament measures”.
(i) Operational (New York):
The Unit consists of 11 posts, three of which were Professional staff and eight General Service staff.
Table 19 Distribution of consultants and persons
The Commission agreed that the implementation of office space should be the highest priority and should be completed expeditiously to avoid the negative impact on the work of the Fund and the redesign of progress.
At its seventh session, the Committee on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues decided to convene an expert meeting on FDI and development.
It is particularly important to seek balance between the budget and other considerations.
Ms. Oscar J. Gaborone (Panama)
Expressing its concern at the lack of effective coordination at the global level to secure and cost-effective detection and clearance equipment, as well as the lack of effective coordination at the global level in improving technical research and development, while recognizing the need to promote further and faster progress in this area, and encourages international, national and local technical cooperation in this field,
Date of receipt
The full text of the views is available at http://www.un.org/esa/esa/esa/en/rights/ad.htm.
“Reaffirming that the Council has consistently condemned the continuing illegal exploitation of natural resources in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in particular in the eastern part of the country, and recalls that these activities are one of the main factors that have continued conflict, and reaffirms the need to stop the necessary pressure on the armed groups, trafficking and all other actors involved in the armed groups, as well as if necessary to put an end to those activities;
“(a) Promotion of new and renewable sources of energy, including the implementation of the World Solar Programme 1996-2005
It is estimated that the share of the least developed countries in world commodity exports has declined from 4.7 per cent to 1 per cent at the beginning of the seven decades.
• Decision IDB.24/Dec.7
At its twenty-seventh session, the Council took note of the preliminary declaration made by Colombia on its intention to host UNIDO at its tenth session in Cartagena in 2005.
South-South cooperation
Another ongoing initiative was the development of the Information Network, which was disseminated and shared information on lessons learned, existing professional knowledge and institutional experience.
The economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba must be terminated.
The dispute and problems of States should be resolved through peaceful dialogue and negotiations on the basis of equality and mutual respect.
Such measures are contrary to all laws, norms and norms that are intended to increase the broad commercial and economic transactions among States.
All of these areas have a major impact on the embargo, although many restrictions, such as education and culture have been a priority area for Cuban public expenditure.
Although material resources continue to contribute to regional and international drug control, the Cuban people continued to contribute to international and regional drug control.
Article 6 of the Law of the Bank of 1998, provides for measures taken by the Government to limit the fundamental rights set forth in article 13, paragraph (1) of the Constitution of Namibia, to authorize interference with the right to privacy of any person in accordance with article 2 of the Code of Criminal Procedure and to enter into any premises or search for any person.
The net claim of 332 claims to be settled in one part of the sixteenth instalment is therefore converted into $1,284,854.
Geneva, 31 March 2003
